#4299924/3
and toss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of directors; or
(b) in respect of the Issuer, its consolidated unaudited quarterly reports drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of directors.
"Quiet Enjoyment Letter" means a quiet enjoyment letter issued by the Bond Trustee in favour of a Client (if so required by the Client), containing substantially the following covenant: "The Trustee may not interrupt the quiet use, possession and enjoyment of the Vessel by the Client, so tong as no event is continuing which would entitte the Parent (or the Sub-Charterer, if applicable) to terminate the Charter Contract and except as required by any applicable law binding on the Trustee, and provided that the Client, following receipt of notice of an event of defautt under the Bond Agreement makes due payments as instructed by the Trustee in accordance with the Charter Contract Assignment. The exercise by the Trustee of its rights under any Finance Document will not constitute such an interruption. Upon a default by the Parent (or the Sub-Charterer, if applicable) under the Charter Contract, the Client may terminate the Charter Contract pursuant to its terms after first providing the Trustee with a 30 days' notice of such default and provided that the Trustee (or its nominee) shall have the right to remedy such default by assuming the obligations of the owner thereunder.".
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EL)"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authority.
"Scheduled Instalment" means the scheduled instalments of USD 4,900,000 at 106% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds), as adjusted pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
