9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on LIBOR plus Margin.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of calendar days elapsed from and including the Disbursement Date to (but not including) the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each Interest Payment Date to (but not including)
11
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the next Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, whichever is sooner. The number of days is divided by 360.
9.5 The Borrower shall make minimum 50% of interest payments in cash, increasing to 70% for the first 12 months after the Bank Refinancing Date, increasing further to 90% for the subsequent 12 months period (i.e. for the period 12 months to 24 months after the Bank Refinancing Date) and 100% thereafter, provided however that the Borrower, on a consolidated basis, has immediately following such interest payment: (i) at least USD 10,000,000 of Cash and Cash Equivalents and (ii) an NIBD to Vessel Value Ratio of not more than 85 per cent.
In the event that the Borrower is unable to pay cash interest as described above, the Borrower may make any of the interest payments as additional Bonds (based on the USD 1 face value of the Bonds), calculated based on the total number of Bonds at each Interest Payment Date, rounded down to the nearest USD ("Payment-in-Kind"). If Payment-in-Kind is selected, the Borrower shall inform the Bondholders via the Securities Depository, the Loan Trustee and the paying agent at latest at 16:00 hours Oslo time on the Interest Determination Date for the relevant interest period for which the Borrower selects to make payment in kind. The paying agent shall carry the Payment-in-Kind into effect at the relevant Interest Payment Date. The additional Bonds issued upon Payment-in-Kind give the same rights as the other issued Bonds as of the registration of the increased outstanding amount of the Loan in the Securities Depository, and shall be deemed to constitute a part of the Loan.
10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at 101% of par.
