"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of each of the Issuer and the Parent for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS. For the Issuer, such accounts shall include an income statement, statement of financial position and cash flow statement. For the Parent, such accounts shall include an income statement, statement of financial position, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of directors. For the Parent, the Group's normal external reporting under the United Kingdom Listing Authority listing rules will satisfy this requirement.
#4768925/1
5 (37)
"Group" means the Parent and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantees" means unconditional on-demand guarantees on a joint and several basis from the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantors" means the Parent and GEHCL.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and refers to the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
"Interest Payment Date" means 14 May and 14 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means (i) for the Parent, the unaudited and consolidated semi-annual financial statements and (ii) for the Issuer the unaudited and unconsolidated semi-annual financial statements for the semi-annual period following the end of its financial year each year, drawn up according to IFRS. For the Issuer, such accounts shall include an income statement, statement of financial position and cash flow statement. For the Parent, such accounts shall include an income statement, statement of financial position, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of directors. For the Parent, the Group's normal external reporting under the United Kingdom Listing Authority listing rules will satisfy this requirement.
