"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the sum o f all interest bearing debt o f the Group on a consolidated basis according to GAAP including financial leases, but except for
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
debt financing of tax exploration expenditure which is tax refundable on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, and further reduced with free cash and cash equivalents (i.e. cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit o f any current and/or deposit accounts with an acceptable bank) as shown in the relevant accounts at any time.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as o f 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation o f its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean o f the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value o f the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
