"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA, calculated in accordance with Clause 11.2.
7(46)
(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 100.0 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Amount plus 60 per cent. of the Margin (calculated on the Nominal Amount for one year) as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining Interest payments (assuming that the Interest Rate will be equal to the interpolated EUR mid-swap rate for the remaining term from the relevant record date until the First Call Date plus the Margin) less any accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date, through and including the First Call Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the Comparable Bond Price (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Notes until the mentioned date falling on the First Call Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Margin" means 5.00 per cent. per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition, assets or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Group's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer and each Group Company representing more than five (5) per cent. of the total assets or EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) according to the latest Financial Report.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment.
