(j) any other document entered into by any Obligor creating or expressed to create any Security over all or any part of its assets in respect of the obligations of any of the Obligors under any of the Primary Documents (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement).
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person, any Finnish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such Person, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body, or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC on the application of international accounting standards (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
13(46)
"Super Senior Hedges" means hedging transactions entered into by a Group Company in respect of hedging exposures (including interest rate and/or currency hedging agreements) in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Notes or the Super Senior RCF (but not a derivative transaction for investment or speculative purposes), to the extent the hedging counterparty has acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and is a lender under the Super Senior RCF at the time of such accession.
"Super Senior RCF" means the Original Super Senior RCF (including any fees, underwriting discount premiums and other costs and expenses incurred with such financing) (as amended from time to time) or any other revolving facilities for working capital purposes or general corporate purposes used to replace the Original Super Senior RCF or any refinancing of such debt in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with the issue of the Initial Notes, the Original Super Senior RCF, the Super Senior Hedges, the Transaction Security and the admission to trading of the Notes.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the aggregate Nominal Amount of all the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Written Procedure).
