8.3.2 8.4 8.4.1
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Notes in full:
(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Note equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(b) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first CSD Business Day falling twenty-four (24) months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 60 per cent. of the Margin (calculated on the Nominal Amount for one year), together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(c) any time from and including the first CSD Business Day falling twenty-four (24) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first CSD Business Day falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 50 per cent. of the Margin (calculated on the Nominal Amount for one year), together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(d) any time from and including the first CSD Business Day falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first CSD Business Day falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 40 per cent. of the Margin (calculated on the Nominal Amount for one year), together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(e) any time from and including the first CSD Business Day falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first CSD Business Day falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 30 per cent. of the Margin (calculated on the Nominal Amount for one year), together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(f) any time from and including the first CSD Business Day falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 20 per cent. of the Margin (calculated on the Nominal Amount for one year), together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 8.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry o f such notice and the fulfilment o f the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
