8.6.2
Provided that the Notes have been and remain listed on the Relevant Market, the Issuer may on one or more occasion in connection with an Equity Listing Event, redeem in part up to forty (40) per cent. of the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding from time to time at a price equal to 103 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (or, if lower, the call option amount set out in Clause 8.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) above for the relevant period), together with any accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount, provided that at least sixty (60) per cent. of the aggregate Initial Nominal Amount of the Notes remains outstanding. Partial redemption shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1).
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 8.4.3 must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 8.5.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 8.5.1 is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
