The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws and regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 8.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 8.6 by virtue of the conflict.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.6, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 8.6 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 8.6, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit. The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.6 if it has exercised its right to redeem all of the Notes in accordance with Clause 8.3 prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
If Notes representing more than 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal principal amount of the Notes have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 8.6, the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining outstanding Notes at the price stated in Clause 8.6.1 above by notifying the remaining Noteholders of its intention to do so no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the latest possible repurchase date pursuant to Clause 8.6.2. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the tenth CSD Business Day following the date of such notice.
Subordination relating to mandatory or voluntary repurchase or redemption
No repurchases or redemption of Notes may be made by the Issuer or any Group Company for as long as a Payment Block Event is continuing. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure by the Issuer to timely repurchase or redeem the Notes shall constitute an Event of Default and the unpaid amount shall carry default interest pursuant to Clause 7.4.
TRANSACTION SECURITY AND GUARANTEE
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall (and shall procure that each other Obligor will) on the Completion Date grant the Transaction Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Transaction Security shall be provided and perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into by and between the Issuer and the other Obligors as pledgors and the Security Agent as pledgee acting on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement to which the Agent is a party as an agent and representative of the Noteholders.
As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Guarantees have been issued in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
22(46)
