Escrow Account I The Borrower shall prior to issue o f the Bonds establish an escrow account (the "Escrow Account I ") and the net proceeds from the Loan shall be transferred to the Escrow Account I hi connection with the issuance o f the Bonds. The Escrow Account I shall be pledged and blocked in favor o f the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders. When the Loan Trustee has received written documentation (satisfactory to the Loan Trustee) that all the Security assets referred to in (i), (ii), (vii) and (viii) above has been established, the Escrow Account I shall be un-blocked (however, the account shall still remain pledged). The amount on the Escrow Account I shall only be used according to the Purpose o f the Loan,
12
Norsk Xilliismann ASA
The Issuer shall prior to issue of the Loan establish an. escrow account (the "Escrow Account I I "). The license fees received and other earnings in connection with the Goliat Technology License Agreement shall be paid directly into the Escrow Account II. The Borrower shall retain the ability to contribute cash into the Escrow Account II from sources other than the Goliat Technology License Agreement. The Escrow Account II shall be pledged and blocked in favor of the Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders. The amount on tire Escrow Account II shall only be used for redemption o f the Loan as well as paying coupons at maturity or redemption, PROVIDED that:
(A) the maximum amount standing to the credit o f the Escrow Account II shall never be required to exceed the aggregate of (i) the total nominal amount of the Bonds issued from time to time, and (ii) an amount equal to 12 months of interest payable on the Loan; and
(B) except for the build-up period from the date of the Loan Agreement up until sufficient funds have been received from Eni under tire Goliat Technology License Agreement, the minimum amount standing to the credit o f the Escrow Account II shall never be less than the aggregate of (i) the total nominal amount of the Bonds issued from time to time, and (ii) an amount equal to 6 months of interest payable on the Loan,
and FURTHER PROVIDED that once the Escrow Account II has been fully funded, all other security collateral held by the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders shall be promptly released.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate o f 15.0 per cent per annum (for the avoidance o f doubt, the interest amount payable shall be calculated pursuant to sub-clause 9.3). Interest payments shall be made semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date each year, the first interest Payment Date being 22 October 2009.
