20 (34)
13.5 13.6 13.7 14. 14.1
(k) the board of directors of the Issuer prepares a merger plan under which the Issuer shall merge into a new or existing company, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity provided that a consent from the Bondholder s Meeting has not been obtained before the merger is completed; and
(l) the board of directors of the Issuer prepares a merger plan under which the Issuer shall be merged with a company, with the effect that the Issuer is the surviving entity, provided that such merger would constitute a Material Adverse Effect.
In the event that IFRS changes, and no longer recognizes or requires fair value adjustments in the calculation of the book value of properties, the equity and total assets shall (for the calculation of Equity Ratio above) nevertheless be adjusted with reference to such market values as if IFRS, as applied on the First Issue Date, would remain applicable.
The Agent may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 13.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
The Agent shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
If the Bondholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitral tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
