The Applicable Premium shall be calculated and determined by the Issuing Agent.
"Bond De-listing Event" is deemed to occur if at any time from the listing of the Bonds, the Bonds cease to be listed on the corporate bonds list of Nasdaq Stockholm or on another Regulated Market, as applicable.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner {ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. ^ Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year s Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" occurs if any person or persons, not being controlled by Rutger Arnhult, acting collectively takes Control over the Issuer. Flowever the aforementioned shall not apply should Control be acquired or taken by a company the shares of which are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Mid Cap or Large Cap list. Should Control have been acquired or taken by a company the shares of which are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, this Change of Control Event provision shall apply mutatis mutandis to subsequent changes of Control in the new listed owner.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and substantially in a form attached to these Terms and Conditions as Appendixl, signed by the Issuer certifying that (i) the investment restrictions in Clause 11.6 (Investment Restrictions)are met, (ii) no Event of Default has occurred and (iii) the financial undertakings set out in Clause 12 (Financial Undertakings) as applicable are met.
"Control" means (i) acquire or otherwise obtain control over, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent, of the total outstanding voting rights in the Issuer or (ii) the right to,
