(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against
through (i) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year and audited unconsolidated annual accounts and financial statements of each Obligor, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Financial Support" means any (whether actual or contingent) loans, credits or other financial liablity, investment, contribution or any guarantee, indemnity or other assurance against financial loss (including any Security) to or for the benefit of any other company, entity or person, or otherwise in respect of any liability in respect of any obligation of any other company, entity or person.
"Floatel Reliance" means a Bermuda flag KEFLS SSAU-3600-DP2 Semi-Submersible Accommodation (500 Men) and Multi Service Unit (floatel) and everything now or in the future belonging to her on board and ashore, constructed and delivered by KeppelFELS Shipyard, Singapore In 2010 with IMO no. 8770247.
"Floatel Superior" means a Bermuda flag KEFLS DSS20-NS-DP3 Semi-Submersible Accommodation (440 Men) and Multi Service Unit (floatel) and everything now or in the future belonging to her on board and ashore, constructed and delivered by KeppelFELS Shipyard, Singapore in 2010 with IMO no. 8769896.
"Floatel Victory" means a KEFLS SSAU-4000NG-DP3 Semi-Submersible Accommodation (500 Men) and Multi Service Unit (floatel) and everything now or in the future belonging to her on board and ashore, currently under construction by the Builder with Keppel FELS Limited's hull no B343 pursuant to the Victory Building Contract.
"Floating Charges" means second priority floating charges under Bermuda law or other applicable law over all the assets of each of Floatel Superior Ltd, Floatel Reliance Ltd. and Floated Victory Ltd., which to the extent possible will include IP-rights and operations manuals for each relevant Existing Accommodation Unit, ranking after the first priority floating charges granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement, the Reliance Loan Agreement and the Victory Loan Agreement respectively and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreements.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
