and is hereby, amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 1 and each of the parties hereto agrees to be bound by the terms of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement. 2.2 All references to "Bond Agreement" in each of the Finance Documents shall be construed as if they were references to the Original Bond Agreement as amended and restated by this Restatement Agreement.
this Restatement Agreement.
4. CONFIRMATION AND UNDERTAKING 4.1 Each of the Obligors confirms that all of its respective obligations under or pursuant to
each of the Security Documents to which it is a party remain in full force and effect, despite the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement made in this Restatement Agreement, as if all references in any of the Security Documents to the "Bond Agreement" were references to the Original Bond Agreement as amended and restated by this Restatement Agreement. 4.2 The definition of any term defined in any of the Security Documents shall, to the extent necessary, be modified to reflect the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement made in or pursuant to this Restatement Agreement.
5. FURTHER ASSURANCES 5.1 Each of the Obligors hereby covenant that from time to time at the request of the Bond
Trustee they will execute and deliver to the Bond Trustee or procure the execution and delivery to the Bond Trustee of any and all such documents as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require for giving full effect to this Restatement Agreement and for perfecting and protecting the value of or enforcing any security granted to the Bond Trustee under or pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement as amended by this Restatement Agreement.
6. NOTICES, DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LEGAL VENUE 6.1 The provisions of Clause 22.6 (Notices, contact information), Clause 22.7 (Dispute
resolution and legal venue) and Clause 22.8 (Process Agent) of the Original Bond Agreement shall apply (mutatis mutandis) to this Restatement Agreement as if they were set out in full with references to this Restatement Agreement substituted for references to the Bond Agreement.
k k k kk
