li
"Reliance Assignment of Insurances" means a second priority assignment of the Insurances (as defined in the Reliance Loan Agreement) over the Floatel Reliance, ranking after the first priority assignment of such Insurances as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective InterCreditor Agreement.
"Reliance Assignment of M anagem ent Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Reliance Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Reliance (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective InterCreditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Reliance Assignment of Project Contracts" means the second priority assignment of the rights of the Floatel Reliance Ltd. under the Project Contract (as defined in the Reliance Loan Agreement), including cure and step-in rights (to the extent permitted under such Project Contract), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Project Contact as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Reliance Loan Agreement" means the senior secured loan agreement dated 25 October 2010 for the Senior Facility in respect o f Floatel Reliance entered into between Floatel Reliance Ltd. as borrower, Floatel Reliance B.V. and the Issuer as guarantors, Natixis and Swedbank AB (publ) as mandated lead arranges, Natixis as agent and security trustee and the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 thereto as lenders;
"Reliance Mortgage" means a second priority mortgage and deed of covenant collateral thereto against Floatel Reliance in a Ship Registry in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, ranking after the first priority mortgage over Floatel Reliance granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the relevant Liter-Creditor Agreement.
"Retention Account" means an account denominated in USD in the name o f the Issuer, with an Acceptable Bank, to be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Retention Account Pledge, and in which the bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Retention Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Retention Account.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial
