14
"Superior Assignment of Insurances" means a second priority assignment of the Insurances (as defined in the Superior Loan Agreement) over Floatel Superior, ranking after the first priority assignment of such Insurances as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Superior Assignment of Management Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Superior Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Superior (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment o f such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective InterCreditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Superior Assignment of Requisition Compensation" means the second priority assignment of Requisition Compensation (as defined in the Superior Loan Agreement), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Requisition Compensation as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Superior Loan Agreement" means the senior secured term loan loan facility agreement dated 9 November 2007, as amended and restated on 24 April 2008 and further amended and restated on 7 September 2010, entered into between Floatel Superior Ltd. as borrower, Natixis and BTMU Capital Corporation as arrangers, Natixis as agent and security agent, Natixis and the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch as swap providers, and the banks and financial institutions listed in Part III of Schedule 1 thereto as lenders, and which the Issuer has provided a separate guarantee in relation to.
"Superior M ortgage" means a second priority mortgage and deed of covenant collateral thereto against Floatel Superior in a Ship Registry in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, ranking after the first priority mortgage over Floatel Superior granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the relevant Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Swingline Facility" means a facility for increased financial flexibility extended by lenders of the Senior Facility obtained by Floatel Victory Ltd. of up to USD 40,000,000. Such facility may be made available to Floatel Victory Ltd. (and to no other Group Company) only to the extent deemed necessary by the Senior Facility lenders during the term of such Senior Facility. The maximum principal amount to be incurred shall be
15
subject to quarterly step-ups of USD 10,000,000 per financial quarter from the Victory Delivery Date, and a maximum o f USD 40,000,000, always subject to compliance with the Senior Facilities Cap and that payment of interest and instalments are made in accordance with the original amoxtization schedule o f the Senior Facility.
