"Unit Insurances" means all the insurance policies and contracts of insurance including (without limitation) those entered into to comply with Clause 16.15 which are from time to time in place or taken out or entered into by or for die benefit of any Obligor (whether
in the sole name o f an Obligor or in the joint names o f the Obligors and any other person) in respect of the Existing Accommodation Units or otherwise in connection with the Existing Accommodation Units and all benefits thereunder (including claims of whatsoever nature and return of premiums).
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States o f America.
"Victory Assignment of Building Contract" means a first priority assignment o f the Victory Building Contract, related performance guarantees/performance bonds and warranties, until the Victory Delivery Date
"Victory Assignment of Earnings" means the second priority assignments of Earnings under each of the Operating Contracts (both as defined in the Victoiy Loan Agreement), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Earnings as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective InterCreditor Agreement.
"Victory Assignment of Insurances" means the second priority assignments of Insurances (as defined in the Victory Loan Agreement) over the Floatel Victory, ranking after the first priority assignment of such Earnings as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Victory Assignment of M anagement Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Victory Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Victory (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Victory Assignment of W arranties" means the second priority assignment of Floatel Victoiy Ltd's rights under the builder's warranty pursuant to the Victory Building Contract effective as from the Victory Delivery Date, ranking after the first priority assignment of such warranties as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
