"Victory Assignment of M anagement Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Victory Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Victory (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Victory Building Contract" means a building contract entered into on 10 June 2011 between the Issuer and the Builder and novated from the Issuer to Floatel Victory Ltd. on 20 September 2011.
"Victory Delivery Date" means the date on which title to and possession of Floatel Victory is transferred from the Builder to Floatel Victory Ltd. pursuant to the Victory Building Contract.
"Victory Loan Agreement" means the senior secured term loan facility agreement dated 12 July 2012 for the Senior Facility in respect of Floatel Victory entered into between Floatel Victory Ltd. as borrower, the Issuer as guarantor, ABN AMRO Bank B.V., Oslo
17
Branch and Swedbank AB (publ) as bookrunning mandated lead arrangers, HMG Bank N.V. and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as mandated lead arrangers, ABN AlMRO Bank N.V. as agent, and the banks and financial institutions listed hr Schedule 1 thereto as lenders.
"Victory Mortgage" means a second priority mortgage and deed of covenant collateral thereto against Floatel Victory in a Ship Registry in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, ranking after the first priority mortgage over Floatel Victory granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the relevant Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
