(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 8.4(a).
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 8.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
9. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants (and shall ensure that Tellus Holdco grants) on the Issue Date the Transaction Security (save for the Tellus Property Security) to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
(b) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall ensure that the Tellus Property Security is granted by SSM Tellus to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent within twenty (20) Business Days after the Issue Date.
(c) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents on or before the Issue Date.
14
(d) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 14 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to release the Tellus Property Security in full when it is satisfied that Tellus Disposal Proceeds relating to a disposal of at least 80 per cent of the share capital of SSM Tellus to a joint venture partner which is not a Group Company, has been deposited on the Tellus Disposal Proceeds Account in accordance with Clause 11.10(c).
