Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount on the Redemption Date.
Subject to applicable law, the Company may at any time purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Company may at the Company's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Company.
6.3 Payments of principal and interest
Payment of the Nominal Amount and interest will be made to the person who is a Holder on the fifth Banking Day prior to the respective payment date or, if on the relevant time another Banking Day which is falling closer to the relevant redemption date is generally applied in the Swedish bond market, such other Banking Day ("Record Date"). If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. If a day on which an amount becomes due and payable is not a Banking Day the amount will be deposited or transferred the next following Banking Day. However, interest only accrues up to and including the relevant due date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
7
Default interest
7.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to STIBOR plus two (2) percentage units, from the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. STIBOR shall be determined on the first Banking Day (the "Quotation Day") of each weekly period of delay. Default interest shall however, subject to Condition 7.2, never be less than the Interest Rate plus two (2) percentage units. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
7.2 If the delay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Agent or the CSD, respectively, as set out in Condition 19.1, the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
8
