7.2 If the delay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Agent or the CSD, respectively, as set out in Condition 19.1, the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
Early redemption in the event of change of control etc.
8.1 Upon the event of a Change of Control each Holder shall have the right to call for an early redemption ("Early Redemption") of relevant Holder's all Bonds in their entirety. The call for Early Redemption must be submitted within thirty (30) days after the Company has given notification to the Holders of a Change of Control. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control has taken place. A call for Early Redemption shall be made in writing in accordance with Condition 17 whereby such Holder's Bonds shall be blocked for other transactions by the relevant Account Operator and the Agent.
7
8.2 The Company shall redeem the relevant Bonds subject to Early Redemption according to Condition 8.1 on the last Banking Day ("Early Redemption Date") which falls in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which the relevant notice for an Early Redemption call was received, provided however that the relevant Holder's Bonds have been blocked for further transfer not later than on the fifth Banking Day preceding the Early Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Nominal Amount of the relevant Bonds together with accrued interest in accordance with Condition 4 from the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date) up to and including the relevant Early Redemption Date.
9
Early redemption by the Company
All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Company on any Banking Date falling after the first (1st) anniversary of the Issue Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days but not more than sixty (60) days notice in accordance with Condition 17. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the date for early redemption and the relevant Record Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at an early redemption amount equal to:
a) 105.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount, if an early redemption occurs during the period from first (1st) anniversary of the Issue Date up to and including the second (2nd) anniversary of the Issued date; and
