11.4
11.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Condition 11.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume (unless it has received notice to the contrary in its capacity as Agent) that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the reasonable request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Condition 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may reasonably request regarding any circumstances referred to in Condition 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Condition.
11.6 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or otherwise has considered right to termination to occur according to this Condition 11, the Agent shall consider, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or consideration, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Condition 12.
11.7 If the Holders resolve on a Holders' Meeting to terminate the Bonds, or if such termination is demanded by Holders holding Bonds representing at least one half of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agents appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent is not liable to execute the termination. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have passed a resolution in accordance with all relevant provisions in Condition 12 and to the effect that the Bonds shall be terminated in accordance with all relevant provisions of this Condition 11, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructed Holders in writing commit to
12
holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agents own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
12 Holders' meeting etc.
12.1 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it appears clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.
