12.1 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Condition 17 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder entitles to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 1,000,000 such Holder holds. A Holder that holds more than one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by the Company or by a company within the same group as the Company (as this term is defined in Chapter 1 Section 11 and 12 in the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)) shall not entitle any voting right and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for the Bonds ("Majority"). In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority "):
(i) two thirds when (a) one of the conditions in Condition 10 is waived (other than a waiver in respect of Condition 10.3 (b) for which Majority shall suffice) or (b) a condition in Condition 10 or 11 is amended, subject to (ii) below;
13
(ii) three quarters when (a) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (b) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount, (c) amendment of any redemption premium or (d) amendment of the conditions in this Condition 12.1 (c).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Holders, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
(d) Quorum exists only where (i) Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least one-half of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through a ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(e) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is lead by that person until present and represented Holders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that have been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and draw up minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard from unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard from answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
