(d) Quorum exists only where (i) Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least one-half of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through a ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(f) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
(g) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding to all Holders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
14
(h) The Company shall bear all cost for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
13 The Agent
13.1 The Agent's obligations are exhaustively regulated herein. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
13.2 The Agent shall not be bound to account to any Holder for any sum received by it for its own account.
13.3 For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
