Subject to:
for public distribution not later than 100 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period. The Loan Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Loan Agreement regulates the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Loan. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Loan Agreement, then the Loan Agreement shall prevail. The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Loan Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur. The Loan Agreement shall include provisions where after repayment of principal amount upon default shall be equal to the Mandatory Prepayment provided for above. The Subscription Agreement specifically authorises the Trustee to execute and deliver the Loan Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who must execute and deliver such Subscription Agreements prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Loan Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement shall specify that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Loan Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Loan Agreement shall further specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Loan, be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Loan.
An application may or may not be made for the bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs, Oslo Børs ABM or the OTC-list in Oslo at the Issuer's discretion.
No market-marker agreement has been made for this Issue. The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada. Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
1. Finalized loan documentation and approval of loan documentation by the Trustee, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
2. Approval from the General Assembly of the Borrower and Petrolia Drilling ASA regarding the acquisition of the Rig.
22 October 2007
Pareto Securities ASA Fearnley Fonds ASA
