Besides the First Priority Debt, existing bonds described above and the bonds described herein (and any refinancing of the aforementioned financial debt or the equivalent thereof), any additional financing requirements related to the Rig, PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III shall be financed by equity or debt that is unsecured and subordinated to the bonds described herein.
All mortgages / assignments in favour of the Loan Trustee and securing the bonds described herein shall be in the amount of USDm 300 (plus accrued interest and cost).
A coordination agreement / inter creditor agreement shall be entered into between the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and any other lenders with security in the same assets as the Bonds described herein. Petromena ASA, the Guarantor, the Singapore Subsidiaries and any other direct or indirect subsidiary of any such company.
Escrow Account:
Call options (Americans): Other clauses:
The Issuer shall prior to disbursement establish an Escrow Account(s) and the net proceeds from the Bond issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account in connection with disbursement of the bond issue. The Escrow Account shall be pledged and blocked in favor of the Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Loan.
Conditions for the first release from the Escrow Account is that the securities mentioned under "Security" (i) to (iii) and (v) to (xi) are established before or in connection with such release.
If the acquisition of the Rig is not concluded within January 2008, the Issuer shall redeem the bonds immediately at price 102% plus accrued interest. Proceeds on the Escrow Account shall be used in connection with such redemption. An amount equal to minimum USD 32 million shall remain in the Escrow Account and shall be used for minimum the first four quarterly interest payments.
Parts of the proceeds on the Escrow Account may be exchanged from USD to NOK or other relevant currencies and placed on an another Escrow Account under the same conditions as mentioned above.
