"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c).
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of
6
Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Payment Date" means 29 January, 29 April, 29 July and 29 October of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 29 April 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus 4.50 per cent. per annum.
"Interest Reserve Account" means the bank account of the Issuer with account number 513 348 131 held with the Account Bank into which an amount corresponding to the Minimum Interest Reserve Amount shall be financed out of the Net Proceeds and be deposited and which have been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee) under the Accounts Pledge Agreement.
