"Accounts Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, Excess Liquidity Account, Collection Account, Cost Account and Interest Reserve Account (together the "Accounts") and all funds held on the Accounts from time to time, granted in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee).
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Adjusted Total Assets" means the total assets of the Issuer as reported in the Issuer's balance sheet in accordance with the Accounting Principles by:
(a) deducting any amount standing to the credit of the Escrow Account, Collection Account, Interest Reserve Account or the Excess Liquidity Account; and
(b) deducting the Outstanding Nominal Amount and any accrued but unpaid interest on any Bond held by the Issuer as Eligible Investments and any other Eligible Investments held by the Issuer (without double counting and only to the extent included as assets of the Issuer).
"Affiliate" means any person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
