(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is up to SEK 400,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount.
14
ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 750,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 16(e)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, senior and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
(a) The Net Proceeds from the issue of Initial Bonds shall be used to (i) finance the Issuer's purchase of Promissory Notes from the Originator, (ii) deposit an amount on the Interest Reserve Account equivalent to the Minimum Interest Reserve Amount, and (iii) finance certain costs of the Issuer.
(b) The Net Proceeds from an issue of Subsequent Bonds shall be used to (i) finance the Issuer's purchase of Promissory Notes from the Originator, and (ii) top up the amount standing to the credit of the Interest Reserve Amount to cover the increase of the Minimum Reserve Amount resulting from the issue of Subsequent Bonds.
