The Issuer may, subject to applicablelaw, at any time purchase Bonds in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) of Clause 4.4 (Excess Liquidity Account). The Issuer may not cancel repurchased Bonds.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds early on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date and before the Final Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest.
9.4 Voluntary partial amortisation
(a) The Issuer may, each twelve month period, repay an aggregate amount not exceeding SEK 100,000 per each Bond issued at the time of repayment (without carry-back or carry forward) as one repayment or divided between no more than two repayments during such period, at a price equal to 102 per cent. of the repaid principal amount (or, if lower, the Call Option Amount for the relevant period when the relevant repayment is made) together with any accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amounts. Partial repayment shall reduce the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1), provided that at least seventy (70) per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount of the Bonds remains outstanding after such repayment.
(b) Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Trustee. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in part on the immediately following Interest Payment Date at the applicable amounts. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in SEK and paid to the person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
22
9.5 Early redemption due to a Tax Event (call option)
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer may, at its option and at any time, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount, together with accrued interest thereon.
(b) The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.5(a) no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
