(a) 104.50 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the First Call Date to, but not including, the date falling nine (9) months after the First Issue Date;
(c) 102.70 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling twelve (12) months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling fifteen (15) months after the First Issue Date;
(d) 101.80 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling fifteen (15) months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling eighteen (18) months after the First Issue Date;
(e) 100.90 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling eighteen (18) after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling twenty one (21) months after the First Issue Date; and
(f) 100 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling twenty-one (21) months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date.
"Cash Manager" means the Originator or, following termination of the Cash Manager's assignment in accordance with the Securitisation Framework Agreement, any replacement cash manager.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons (other than JCE Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556962-
3
4546), acting in concert, acquire control over the Originator, and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting shares of the Originator, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Originator.
