3
"Collection Account" means the bank account of the Issuer with account number 513 347 771 held with the Account Bank into which any repayments of principal and payments of interest and fees under the Transferred Promissory Notes will be transferred and which have been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee) under the Accounts Pledge Agreement.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided to evidence compliance with the Maintenance Test or in connection with that a Financial Report is made available, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Equity to Adjusted Total Assets and evidence that an amount corresponding to at least the Minimum Interest Reserve Amount stands to the credit on the Interest Reserve Account.
"Cost Account" means the bank account of the Issuer with account number 495 780 561 held with the Account Bank into which any repayments of principal and payments of interest and fees under the Transferred Promissory Notes will be transferred and which have been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee) under the Accounts Pledge Agreement.
"Credit Policy" means the credit policy of the Originator at the First Issue Date, or as amended from time to time, provided that it is not changed to allow materially higher credit risks or the granting of credit to Debtors with recorded payment defaults (Sw: betalningsanmärkningar).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Bonds from time to time.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Debtor" means a debtor under a Promissory Note.
