(b) The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag 2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden) and be authorised as a central securities depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act.
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
(b) Clause 23(a) shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 20.1(c)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Trustee Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 20.2(i), such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 20.2(j) before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 23(a).
(c) The provisions of Clause 23(a) shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
43
24. Prescription
(a) The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
(b) If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
25. Notices and Press Releases
