 all assets of Albain Bidco UK Limited;
· any intercompany loan receivables of the Guarantors; and
· certain intellectual property, inventory, accounts, real estate, trade receivables and other assets of the Guarantors (collectively, the "Collateral").
The Collateral also secures on a first-ranking basis the EUR Senior Secured Notes, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and certain hedging obligations and may also secure certain future indebtedness. Certain of the Collateral secure the NOK Senior Subordinated Notes on a second-ranking basis. The Collateral is granted subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the agreed security principles, certain perfection requirements and Permitted Collateral Liens.
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the holders of the Senior Secured Notes will receive proceeds from enforcement of the Collateral only after certain super-senior priority obligations, including obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and certain hedging obligations, have been repaid. See "Description o f Other Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement." The security interests may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit their validity and enforceability. For more information on the security interests granted, see "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes--Security" and for more information on potential limitations to the security interests, see "Certain Insolvency Law Considerations and Limitations on the Validity and Enforceability o f the Guarantees and the Security Interests" and "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Senior Secured Notes."
The security interests may be released under certain circumstances. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Senior Secured Notes-- There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge o f the Senior Secured Notes under which the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent o f the Trustee", "Description o f Other Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement" and "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes--
42
Security--Release o f Liens:
Use of Proceeds ................................................The Issuer has used the net proceeds from the Offering (equal to the gross proceeds from the Offering after deducting the Initial Purchasers' fees and commissions), together with the proceeds from the Equity Contributions and the proceeds from the sale of the Senior Subordinated Notes, to fund (i) the consideration paid for the Targets' Shares, (ii) repayment or acquisition of existing debt o f the Targets in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement, (iii) general corporate purposes and (iv) all estimated fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offering and the Acquisition, including commitment, placement, financial advisory and other transaction costs and professional fees.
