Security--Release o f Liens:
Optional Redemption...................................... The Issuer may redeem all or part of the NOK Senior Secured Notes at any time on or after November 1, 2016 at the redemption prices described under "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption," plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption.
At any time prior to November 1, 2016, the Issuer may redeem all or part of the NOK Senior Secured Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption, plus a "make-whole" premium, as described under "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes-- Optional Redemption."
At any time prior to November 1, 2016, the Issuer may on one or more occasions redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the NOK Senior Secured Notes, using the net proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) equal to 100% plus the interest rate applicable to such NOK Senior Secured Notes so redeemed as o f the date of the applicable redemption notice, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date o f redemption; provided that at least 60% of the original aggregate principal amount of the NOK Senior Secured Notes remains outstanding after the redemption. See "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes-- Optional Redemption."
Additional Amounts; Tax Redemption........ Any payments made by or on behalf o f the Issuer, any future guarantor or applicable Paying Agent with respect to the NOK Senior Secured Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for taxes in any relevant taxing jurisdiction unless required by law. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, if the Issuer or applicable future guarantor or Paying Agent is required by law to withhold or deduct such taxes with respect to a payment on any NOK Senior Secured Note, the Issuer or such future guarantor, as applicable, will pay the additional amounts necessary so that the net amount received after such withholding is not less than the amount that would have been received in the absence of the withholding. See "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes-- Withholding Taxes.'"
Subject to and as set forth in "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes-- Withholding Taxes," the Issuer will not be liable to pay any additional amounts to holders of the NOK Senior Secured Notes in certain circumstances.
I f certain changes in the law o f any relevant taxing jurisdiction become effective after the issuance o f the NOK Senior Secured Notes which would impose withholding taxes or other deductions on the payments on the NOK Senior Secured Notes, and would require the Issuer to pay Additional
43
Amounts (as defined in "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes-- Withholding Taxes"), the Issuer may redeem the NOK Senior Secured Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, at a redemption price of 100% o f the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption. See "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes--Redemptionfor Taxation Reasons."
