(e) If the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set out in Clause 4.2(a) - (b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) (i) within twenty (20) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer may repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 % of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest and (ii) within ninety (90) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 101 % of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. The repurchase date shall fall no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the ending of the relevant period referred to above.
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by
16
the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
