(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and
regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled by the Issuer, unless in case of a full redemption of the Bonds.
10. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on the Issue Date (other than the MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement) the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
(b) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents on or before the Issue Date (other than the MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement).
(c) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
(d) For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Bondholders and the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any Transaction Security, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution of proceeds). To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 10(d) are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties herein (including as required by the CSD in order for the CSD to accept such payment instructions). Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution of proceeds) to the Bondholders through the CSD.
20
