(f) The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
20.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to and the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent is not responsible for the content, valid execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other Person.
(d) The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent is entitled to assume that no Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred.
(e) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(g) The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default, (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Agent and the Issuer. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under
