21.3 22. 22. 1
The notice pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting, and (v) a form o f power o f attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date o f the notice.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding o f a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt o f a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
A communication pursuant to Clause 21.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Noteholders, (ii) a description o f the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification o f the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form o f power o f attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business Days from the effective date o f the communication pursuant to Clause 21.1). If the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
When consents from Noteholders representing the requisite majority of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 19.6 and 19.7 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 19.6 or 19.7, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
