23.3.2 23.3.3
23.3.5 23.3.6
Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose o f exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose o f exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment o f such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues o f securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts o f interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents. The Agent shall represent the Noteholders, by holding the Transaction Security, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and the Guarantees pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement on behalf o f the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security, the pledge over the Escrow Account and claim under the Guarantees on behalf o f the Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability o f the Finance Documents, the perfection o f the Transaction Security or the pledge over the Escrow Account, or the validity, enforceability or the due execution o f any o f the Finance Documents.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf o f the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest o f the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
