The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents. The Agent shall represent the Noteholders, by holding the Transaction Security, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and the Guarantees pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement on behalf o f the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security, the pledge over the Escrow Account and claim under the Guarantees on behalf o f the Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability o f the Finance Documents, the perfection o f the Transaction Security or the pledge over the Escrow Account, or the validity, enforceability or the due execution o f any o f the Finance Documents.
The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Noteholders or any other person and no opinion or advice by the Agent will be binding on the Noteholders.
The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition o f the Issuer or compliance by the Group Companies with the terms o f the Finance Documents (unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents) or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event o f Default (or any event that may lead to an Event o f Default) has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent is entitled to assume that no Event o f Default (or any event that may lead to an Event o f Default) has occurred.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions o f such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be
36
required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request o f any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
23.3.7
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents and/or related documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence o f an Event o f Default, or for the purpose o f investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event o f Default, (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security or the Guarantees which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests o f the Noteholders under the Finance Documents or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose o f carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 18 (Distribution o fproceeds).
