The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment o f a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent o f such appointment and the execution o f all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
In the event that there is a change o f the Agent in accordance with this Clause 23.5, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose o f vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation o f the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agree otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE PAYING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Paying Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.
The Paying Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Paying Agent at the same time as the old Paying Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Paying Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Paying Agent as paying agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
The Paying Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement, the CSD Regulations applicable to the Paying Agent and the Securities Register Act, as may be necessary in order for the Paying Agent to carry out its duties under the Terms and Conditions.
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS
A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against any Group Company or with respect to the Transaction Security or the Guarantees to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) o f any Group Company in relation to any o f the obligations and liabilities o f such Group Company under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent or the Security Agent.
Subject to the terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement, Clause 25.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Noteholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 23.2.3), such actions within a reasonable period o f time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment
