28.2 28.3 28.4 29. 29.1
Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 5.5, 11.3 (Voluntary total redemption (Call option)), 11.4 (Voluntary partial redemption (Call option), 11.6 (Early redemption due to illegality), 14.1.2, 17.4, 19.16, 20.1, 21.1 and 22.3 shall also be published by way o f press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 27.2.1, if any information relating to the Notes or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way o f a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Agent nor the Paying Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out o f any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect o f strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Paying Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Paying Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Paying Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
