11.7.4
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, o f the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The applicability o f Clause 11.6.1 shall be supported by a legal opinion issued by a reputable law firm.
The Issuer may give notice o f redemption pursuant to Clause 11.6.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge o f any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date (which shall not be less than twenty (20) Business Days following the provision o f such notice) and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence o f a Change o f Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period o f sixty (60) days from the date o f the occurrence o f the relevant Change o f Control Event (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, but not some only, o f its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. o f the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence o f the Change o f Control Event.
The Redemption Date o f the put option(s) shall be on the third Business Day after the end o f the sixty (60) days period pursuant to Clause 11.7.1.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 14.1.2 shall specify the Record Date and the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date determined pursuant to Clause 11.7.2 and as specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 14.1.2.
If Notes representing more than 90 per cent. o f the outstanding Notes have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 11.7, the Issuer may at its election repurchase all the remaining outstanding Notes at a price o f 100 per cent. o f Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) by notifying the remaining Noteholders o f its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) days after the Redemption Date for the Change o f Control (Put Option). Such prepayment o f Notes pursuant to this Clause 11.7.4 may occur at the earliest on the 15th day following the date o f such notice. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.7.4. The
