rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
"Subsequent Bond Issue" means any issue of Subsequent Bonds.
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any Person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such Person, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50) per cent, of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50) per cent, of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body, or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles, and, as regards the Issuer, (however, not for the purposes of calculating the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets of the Group), Gyllene Ratten Holding AB, reg. no. 556795-1321, Vastermalmsstrand Holding AB, reg. no. 556794-0316 and Fröjden AB, reg. no. 556794-0332.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the relevant Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Terms and Conditions" means these Terms and Conditions, as amended from time to time.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intragroup transactions) according to the latest Financial Report.
9
1.2 1.2.1
