(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent, the Security Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 500,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount o f SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 350,000,000 (the "Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.0 percent, of the Nominal Amount. The nominal amount of each Bond will be the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partly redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Voluntary partial repayment by the Issuer on the Original Final Maturity Date) or Clause 10.6 (.Mandatory partial repayment with Property Project Proceeds) (the "Nominal Amount"). The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0005797537.
