Samisa Management AB (reg. no. 556666-2051) and Capstone Management AB (reg. no. 556666-3000) shall pledge all shares in the Issuer pursuant to the Share Pledge Agreement.
On the Issue Date (or in relation to any Subsequent Bond Issue, on the issue date for such Subsequent Bonds), the Issuing Agent shall transfer an amount of the Net Proceeds to the Debt Service Account, after which the amount of the funds held on the Debt Service Account shall be equal to the first four quarterly Interest payments to be paid under these Terms and Conditions (i.e., should any Interest already have been paid under these Terms and Conditions, the amount of the funds held on the Debt Service Account shall equal the remainder of the first four quarterly Interest payments), the calculation of which shall be based on the Interest Rate applicable two Business Days before the Issue Date. The Agent shall, upon the Issuer's request and in connection with an Interest Payment Date, instruct the Bank to transfer an amount, corresponding to the relevant interest payment, to the Issuer.
The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents relating thereto are duly executed by the respective Group Company and/or the Guarantor, BB and FA in favour of the Holders (as represented by the Security Agent) and the Agent/Security Agent and that all such documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Security Agent may reasonably require in order for the Holders and the Agent/Security Agent to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.
The Security Agent will, where applicable, hold the security created under the Security Documents on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents.
Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders) to Clause 18 ( Written Procedure), the Agent/Security Agent is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Issuer, its Subsidiaries or third parties if it is, in the Security Agent's sole discretion, necessary for the puipose of establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the security created (or to be created) under the Security Documents or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the security created under the Security Documents, respectively. The Agent/Security Agent is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Security Documents.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 14 (Termination o f the Bonds), or following the Extended Final Maturity Date, the Agent/Security Agent is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the security created under the
12
Security Documents, in such manner and under such conditions that the Agent/Security Agent finds acceptable (if in accordance with the Security Documents, respectively).
5.9
