"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, not being directly or indirectly the Current Shareholders, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer or the Guarantor and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent, o f the voting shares of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable), or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable).
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 12.
"Conditions Subsequent" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depositoiy and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Current Shareholders" means FA and BB (including Affiliates).
"Debt Service Account" means the Issuer's Swedish bank account with account number 8327-9, 924 839 513-0 held with the Bank which has been pledged in favour of the Agent/Security Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent/Securify Agent) under the Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement.
"Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge over the Debt Service Account and all funds held on the Debt Service Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent/Security Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent/Security Agent).
"Escrow Account" means the Issuer's Swedish bank account with account number 8327-9, 924 927 070-7 held with the Bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent/Security Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent/Security Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
3
