The Company will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and purchases all notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer.
The Company's ability to repurchase notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The occurrence of the events that constitute a Change of Control also would likely trigger the obligation to repay all amounts outstanding under the Company's existing revolving credit facility. In addition, certain events that may constitute a change of control under that revolving credit facility and trigger repayment of the revolving credit facility would not constitute a Change of Control under the Indenture. Future Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repaid upon the occurrence of change of control events that may or may not correspond to the definition of Change of Control under the Indenture. Moreover, the exercise by the holders of their right to require the Company to repurchase the notes could cause a default under such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Company. Finally, the Company's ability to pay cash to the holders upon a repurchase may be limited by the Company's then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases.
Even if sufficient funds were otherwise available, the terms of the Company's existing revolving credit facility do, and future Indebtedness may, limit the Company's ability to prepay notes before their scheduled maturity. Consequently, the Company may be unable to fulfill its repurchase obligations if holders of notes exercise their repurchase rights following a Change of Control, resulting in a default under the Indenture. A default under the Indenture may result in a cross-default under the revolving credit facility.
Certain covenants
Effectiveness of covenants
Following the first day:
(a) the notes have an Investment Grade Rating from both of the Ratings Agencies; and
(b) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Indenture;
the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to the provisions of the Indenture summarized under the subheadings "--Limitation on indebtedness" and "--Merger and consolidation" (collectively, the "Suspended Covenants"). If at any time the notes' credit rating is downgraded from an Investment Grade Rating by any Rating Agency, then the Suspended Covenants will thereafter be reinstated as if such covenants had never been suspended and be applicable pursuant to the terms of the Indenture (including in connection with performing any calculation or assessment to determine compliance with the terms of the Indenture), unless and until the notes subsequently attain Investment Grade Rating (in which event the Suspended Covenants shall no
