(9) conform the text of the Indenture or the notes to any provision of this "Description of notes" to the extent that such provision in this "Description of notes" is intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the Indenture or the notes.
Defeasance
The Company at anytime may terminate all its obligations under the notes and the Indenture ("legal defeasance"), except for certain obligations, including those respecting the defeasance trust and obligations to
101
register the transfer or exchange of the notes, to replace mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen notes and to maintain a registrar and paying agent in respect of the notes.
The Company at any time may terminate its obligations described under "Change of control" and under the covenants described under "Certain covenants" (other than "Merger and consolidation"), the operation of the cross-default upon a payment default and cross acceleration provisions, the bankruptcy provisions with respect to Significant Subsidiaries and the judgment default provision described under "Events of default" above and the limitations contained in clause (3) under "Certain covenants--Merger and consolidation" above ("covenant defeasance").
The Company may exercise its legal defeasance option notwithstanding its prior exercise of its covenant defeasance option. If the Company exercises its legal defeasance option, payment of the notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default with respect to the notes. If the Company exercises its covenant defeasance option, payment of the notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in clause (4), (5), (6), (7) (with respect only to Subsidiaries), or (8) under "Events of default" above or because of the failure of the Company to comply with clause (3) under "Certain covenants--Merger and consolidation" above.
In order to exercise either defeasance option, the Company must irrevocably deposit in trust (the "defeasance trust") with the Trustee money or Government Obligations denominated in euro for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the notes to redemption or maturity, as the case may be, and must comply with certain other conditions, including delivery to the Trustee of (1) an Opinion of Counsel from the United States to the effect that holders of the notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to U.S. Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred. In the case of legal defeasance only, such Opinion of Counsel must be based on a ruling of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other change in applicable U.S. Federal income tax law and (2) an Opinion of Counsel from Swedish Counsel stating that holders will not recognize income, gain or loss for Swedish tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to Swedish taxes on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same time as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred.
No personal liability of directors, officers, employees and shareholders
