In order to exercise either defeasance option, the Company must irrevocably deposit in trust (the "defeasance trust") with the Trustee money or Government Obligations denominated in euro for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the notes to redemption or maturity, as the case may be, and must comply with certain other conditions, including delivery to the Trustee of (1) an Opinion of Counsel from the United States to the effect that holders of the notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to U.S. Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred. In the case of legal defeasance only, such Opinion of Counsel must be based on a ruling of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other change in applicable U.S. Federal income tax law and (2) an Opinion of Counsel from Swedish Counsel stating that holders will not recognize income, gain or loss for Swedish tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to Swedish taxes on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same time as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred.
No director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder, as such, of the Company shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the notes, the Indenture for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each holder by accepting a note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the United States federal securities laws and it is the view of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that such a waiver is against public policy.
Concerning the trustee
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited is the Trustee under the Indenture.
Governing law
The Indenture provides that it and the notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Certain definitions
"Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Average Life" means, as of the date of determination, with respect to any Indebtedness or Preferred Stock, the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the sum of the products of the numbers of years from the date of determination to the dates of each successive scheduled principal payment of such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment with respect to such Preferred Stock multiplied by the amount of such payment by (2) the sum of all such payments.
