(6) Liens securing Permitted Capital Markets Indebtedness; and
"Permitted Shareholder Group" means (1) Sten Allan Olsson, (2) the descendants of Sten Allan Olsson, (3) a husband or wife or former husband or wife or widower or widow of any of the persons named in clauses (l) and (2), (4) the estates or legal representatives of the persons named in clauses (1), (2) and (3), and (5) trusts (whether arising under settlement, declaration of trust or instrument by whomsoever or wheresoever made or under a testamentary disposition or on an intestacy) under which no immediate beneficial interest in the property which is the subject of such trust is for the time being vested in any person other than the persons named in clauses (1), (2) (3) and (4); provided, however, that for purposes of this definition a step-child, adopted child or illegitimate child of any person shall be deemed to be a lineal descendant of such person and of the lineal ancestors of that person.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.
"Post-Delivery Financing" means Indebtedness Incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to finance the total Ready for Sea Cost of a Vessel or group of Vessels. "Post-Delivery Financing" shall include the amount of any Construction Financing with respect to any Vessel or group of Vessels, but only to the extent that fully committed Post-Delivery Financing for such Vessel or group of Vessels has been arranged at such time.
"Preferred Stock," as applied to the Capital Stock of any Person, means Capital Stock of such Person of any class or classes (however designated) that ranks prior, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such Person, to shares of Capital Stock of any other class of such Person.
"Rating Agencies" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, Inc. and Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or if Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, Inc. or Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or both shall not make a rating on the notes publicly available, a nationally recognized statistical rating agency or agencies, as the case may be, selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Board of Directors) which shall be substituted for Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, Inc. or Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or both, as the case may be.
"Ready for Sea Cost" means, with respect to a Vessel or Vessels to be acquired or leased (pursuant to a Capitalized Lease Obligation) by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, the aggregate amount of all expenditures Incurred to acquire or construct and bring such Vessel or Vessels to the condition and location necessary for its or their intended use which would be classified and accounted for as "property, plant and equipment" in accordance with GAAP.
108
"Refinancing Indebtedness" means Indebtedness that is Incurred to refund, refinance, replace, exchange, renew, repay or extend (including pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism) (collectively, "refinance," "refinances," and "refinanced" shall each have a correlative meaning) any Indebtedness existing on the Issue Date or Incurred in compliance with the Indenture (including Indebtedness of the Company that refinances Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary and Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness of another Restricted Subsidiary) including Indebtedness that refinances Refinancing Indebtedness, provided, however, that:
