7
offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo interbank market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the day that is two (2) Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office o f each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean o f the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Oselvar Development" means the development into production of the Oselvar Field.
"Oselvar Field" means the hydrocarbon field within PL 274 and PL 274 cs discovered in 1991 and located 250 kilometers southwest of Stavanger in the southern Norwegian section o f the North Sea, close to the border to the United Kingdom, and which does not include the Ipswich Discovery. The Oselvar Field is located 23 kilometers from the Ula field, to which it will, according to current plans, be tied in via a subsea pipeline. The water depth at location o f the Oselvar Field is 72 meters.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or otheiwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by tire Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf o f the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
