on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention), and (ii) in respect of the Fixed Tranche, that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o f Business Day).
"Calculation Dates" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year.
"Change of Control" means (i) that any person or group of persons (which are under single control, affiliated with each other and should be consolidated under the terms of the Companies Act § 1-3), is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer (ii) or that a de-listing of the Issuer's shares takes place.
"Companies Act" means the Norwegian Private Limited Companies Act o f 13 June 1997 No. 44 (No. aksjeloven) and/or Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 45 (No. allmennaksjeloven), as applicable.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 (Form o f Compliance Certificate).
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, YAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Dong" means Dong E&P Norge AS, a private limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws o f Norway with company registration number 931 713 671, being the current operator of both PL 274 and PL 274cs.
"Earnings Account" means a bank account held in the name of Altinex Oil Norway, in which Altinex Oil Norway shall procure that all License Proceeds shall be paid by the relevant contracting party, and which shall be pledged (but not blocked) with first priority in favour o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
4
