applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors).
11.3 If the Bonds are declared due and payable pursuant to Clause 11.1, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the Bonds' Nominal Amount plus the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Clause 4 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to and including the payment date if that that date is falling on or before 12 May 2012, or otherwise, if the payment date is falling after 12 May 2012, at the relevant redemption price set forth in Clause 6.2 plus the accrued interest referred to in the said Clause.
11.4 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 11.1 (a)-(b) and, in respect of a Group Company, on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 11.1 (c)-(i), may however only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it could adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration.
11.5 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
11.6 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 11.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a compliance certificate substantially in a form set out in Appendix 1 and regarding the circumstances dealt with in Clause 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Clause 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Clause.
11.7 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or otherwise has considered right to termination to occur according to this Clause 11, the Agent shall consider, within ten (10) Banking Days of
8
FINAL VERSION (SECOND AMENDMENT WITH EFFECT FROM 8 AUGUST 2013)
the day of notification or consideration, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 11. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's judgement has ceased before the termination, the Agent is not liable to execute the termination. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If any Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the Holders who have decided to terminate the Bonds in writing undertake to indemnify the Agent from any loss or cost as a consequence of such termination and grant security which, in the Agent's sole discretion, is sufficient for such undertaking.
