FINAL VERSION (SECOND AMENDMENT WITH EFFECT FROM 8 AUGUST 2013)
12 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.
12.1 General
Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority.
Upon the request of the Agent, each Holder shall issue such separate powers of attorney or other authorisation documents as the Agent may reasonably require to carry out its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to any power of attorney authorising the Agent to represent such Holder in court or before an executive authority in every matter concerning the Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent shall have no obligation to represent any Holder which has not issued such power of attorney or authorisation document as the Agent has required in accordance with the foregoing.
12.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which evidences the holdings of Bonds of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order, the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. The Agent shall not be obligated to proceed as aforesaid if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it is manifestly clear that the meeting is unlikely to approve the proposal(s) (having regard to previous meetings or procedures in writing).
(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Clause 14 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for written replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the
9
