(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Clause 14 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for written replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the
FINAL VERSION (SECOND AMENDMENT WITH EFFECT FROM 8 AUGUST 2013)
last day for written replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for written replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation). Each Holder entitled to vote shall have (1) one vote per SEK ten thousand (10,000) of the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds held by such Holder. A Holder that holds more than (1) one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may cast differentiated votes for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group Company shall not entitle to any voting rights and shall not be considered when calculating whether necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds. In respect of the below issues, the following qualified majority is required among the votes cast and the answers received in order for a resolution to be validly passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds when (1) the condition in Clause 10 is waived, (2) change of Agent upon demand by the Company, (3) a condition of this Clause 12 is amended, subject to (ii) below;
(ii) three quarters when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any payment day for principal or interest amount and (3) amendment of the conditions in this Clause 12.2(c).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent), will prevail.
(d) Quorum exists where (i) Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least half of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the time fixed for the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at the expiry of the deadline set for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Clause 14. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
10
