(d) Quorum exists where (i) Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least half of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the time fixed for the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at the expiry of the deadline set for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Clause 14. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
FINAL VERSION (SECOND AMENDMENT WITH EFFECT FROM 8 AUGUST 2013)
(e) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that other individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a person present appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a person present appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is chaired by that person until the Holders present (in person or by proxy) have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions have been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and prepare minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request additions and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where right to vote may not be verified by reviewing the material provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(f) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a meeting may be combined with a procedure in writing such that there shall be a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
(g) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding to all Holders irrespective of their having been present or represented at the meeting or if having participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
(h) The Company shall bear all cost for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
12.3 Replacement of Agent and Issuing Agent
The Agent may not resign as agent or transfer its position as agent, unless the Company has given its prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, save where the Agent is obliged to resign or transfer its position as agent by operation of law or regulation or where the Company has, in a not immaterial way, failed to fulfil its obligations towards the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Agent has made the Company aware thereof. No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing
