The Agent may not resign as agent or transfer its position as agent, unless the Company has given its prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, save where the Agent is obliged to resign or transfer its position as agent by operation of law or regulation or where the Company has, in a not immaterial way, failed to fulfil its obligations towards the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Agent has made the Company aware thereof. No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
11
FINAL VERSION (SECOND AMENDMENT WITH EFFECT FROM 8 AUGUST 2013)
Agent within thirty (30) days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions (to the extent that such rights have occurred prior to the date of resignation). The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
If the Agent or the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Agent or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent or Issuing Agent as Agent or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The Company may also appoint a new Agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent, if the Agent has, in a material way, failed to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Company has made the Agent aware thereof.
12.4 The Agent's obligations and liabilities towards the Holders, right to engage third parties etc.
(a) The Agent's obligations towards the Holders are exhaustively regulated herein. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's or the Group's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
(b) The Agent shall not be bound to account to any Holder for any sum received by it for its own account.
(c) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
