Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption. The settlement date of the mandatory redemption shall be carried out on or about the fifth Banking Day after the occurrence of the event triggering the mandatory redemption.
10.4 On 26 March 2012, an amount of USD 37,000,000 (the "Settlement Paydown") from the Settlement Amount shall be applied by the Borrower in partial redemption of the Loan at par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
305676742
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption.
10.5 On each Interest Payment Date commencing on and from (and including) 14 May 2012, any Excess Cash of the Group shall be applied by the Borrower in redemption of the Loan (in part or in whole) at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount), and the Borrower shall provide the Loan Trustee with a detailed calculation of the Cash within the Group and an analysis of its availability as Excess Cash for the purpose of this Clause 10.5.
10.6 Upon a Change of Control Event or a FPSO Front Puffin Deployment Event, the Borrower must redeem the Loan in full at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption. The settlement date of the mandatory redemption shall be carried out on or about the fifth Banking Day after the occurrence of the event triggering the mandatory redemption.
10.7 Following the Settlement Payment Date, the Group shall be permitted to retain up to USD 18,000,000 to meet certain obligations of the Group under the Settlement (such retained amount, the "Settlement Retention"). The Settlement Retention shall be solely used to secure by way of set-off the obligations of the Group in respect of the bank guarantee required to be issued in connection with the obligations of the Group under the Settlement. Upon the final determination of the obligations of the Group under the Settlement, any amount of the Settlement Retention that is not used to satisfy the obligations of the Group under the Settlement shall be immediately applied by the Borrower in partial redemption of the Loan at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
