4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to, and including, the Redemption Date. Any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue will, however, bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to, and including, the Redemption Date. The interest will be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated on a 30/360-days basis.
6 Bonds in electronic book-entry form
6.1 The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in electronic book-entry form and will be registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Foraldrabalken 1949:381), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
6.2 The Company and the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok). At the request of the Agent or the Issuing Agent, the Company shall request and provide such information to the Agent or the Issuing Agent or provide the Agent or the Issuing Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information.
7 Redemption of the Bonds and payments
7.1 Redemption at maturity
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount on the Final Redemption Date or, to the extent such day is not a Banking Day, on
13
