10.2 Bonds held by the Company and by any of the other Group Companies will cease to carry the right to attend and vote at the Holders'meetings and will not be taken into account, inter alia, for the purposes of Section 15.
11.1 Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Company shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest; during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following a notice from the Company of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Section 12.1 (m). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
11.2 The notice from the Company pursuant to Section 12.1 (m) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Company, the Company, or a person designated by the Company, shall
15
repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Company pursuant to Section 12.1 (m). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Banking Days after the end of the period referred to in Section 11.1.
11.3 The Company shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Section 11, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 11 by virtue of the conflict.
11.4 Any Bonds repurchased by the Company pursuant to this Section 11 may at the Company's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Section 10.
12 Special undertakings
12.1 So long as any Bonds remain outstanding, the Company undertakes:
