preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to and including the payment date.
13.4 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
13.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 13.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Section 13.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 13.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 13.
13.6 The Company is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Section 13.5 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm.
13.7 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 13.1, the Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 15. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not
20
be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 15, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
13.8 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 13 without relevant decision by the Agent or by the Holders' meeting pursuant to Section 15.
14 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Agent etc.
