(d) Notwithstanding Section 14.1 (c) above and without having to observe the provisions in Section 13.8 and 14.1, the Holders may jointly (i) take actions to enforce their rights under these Terms and Conditions against the Company if the Agent does not have legal right (Sw. taleratt) to bring an action or initiate a procedure under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions before any courts or other authorities and if the Agent has not been granted a power of attorney to do so, (ii) take any actions which the Agent has refrained from taking if the Agent has been instructed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take such actions and the Agent has refrained from taking the actions within a reasonable time in breach of these Terms and Conditions, and (iii) represent their own holdings of Bonds against the Company if the Agent has notified the Holders that it will not take further actions in accordance with Section 14.4 ((i), (ii) and (iii) are together and individually referred to as a "Relevant Action"). However, any Relevant Action may only be taken after a Holders' meeting has decided to take such action. The Holders' meeting shall be convened in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, a Holders' meeting pursuant to this Section can be convened by the Agent (or by a Holder in accordance with Section 15 (k)) irrespective of whether the requesting Holders represents ten (10.00) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount or not. Further, a resolution at a Holders' meeting in accordance with this Section may be passed with simple majority.
(a) The Agent shall monitor the compliance by the Company of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 15 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
22
(b) In performing its obligations, the Agent has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of another Holder or Holders. The Agent may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until the matter has been decided upon at a Holders'meeting.
(c) The Agent may act as agent for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Agent may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(d) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Agent does not limit the Agent's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(e) The Agent may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Agent is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
14.3 Replacement of Agent and Issuing Agent
(a) The Agent and the Issuing Agent can be replaced by another Agent and/or Issuing Agent by the Holders in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 15.
