14.3 Replacement of Agent and Issuing Agent
(b) The Agent may resign as agent and/or transfer its position as agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Agent shall take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) calendar days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. Until the resigning Agent has been replaced by a new Agent, the resigning Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but
23
shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
(c) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. Until the resigning Issuing Agent has been replaced by the new Issuing Agent, the resigning Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
(d) If the Agent or the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Agent or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent or Issuing Agent as Agent or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(e) The Company may also appoint a new Agent or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent or Issuing Agent, if the Agent or Issuing Agent has, in a material way, failed to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Company has made the Agent or the Issuing Agent aware thereof. If a new Agent is appointed, the Company may recover all costs, remuneration, fees and expenses payable by the Company in relation to the new Agent under Sections 14.4 and 16 from the replaced Agent, provided that such costs, remuneration, fees and expenses exceed the costs, remuneration, fees
24
and expenses that would have been payable if the Agent had not been replaced.
