24
(f) If the Agent or the Issuing Agent have resigned or been replaced in accordance with Sections 14.3 (a)-(e), the Agent and the Issuing Agent shall deliver all documents and provide all information to the new Agent or Issuing Agent that are necessary for them to perform their obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
14.4 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is, according to a separate agreement between the Company and the Agent, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Section 13.7 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
15 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Agent and Holders representing at least ten (10.00) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and notified in accordance with Section 20, to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Agent establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Agent must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Agent determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
25
(b) Notice shall be given by the Agent to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 20 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which Banking Day that will constitute the Voting Record Date for the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing) (in relation to a procedure in writing, such Voting Record Date must fall no earlier than one (1) Banking Day after the effective date of the notice), and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. Further, the notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content of each proposal (if any). The Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to Nasdaq Stockholm for publication.
(c) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth (5th) Banking Day prior to the Holders'meeting or, in respect of a procedure in writing, on the Banking Day specified in the notice sent out according to Section 15 (b) are entitled to vote at the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing) ("Voting Record Date"). The Agent shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) showing the registered Holders on the relevant Voting Record Date.
