(ix) within a reasonable time, provide such information about its financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
(c) The Issuer and the Parent shall in connection with the issue of its Semi-annual Financial Reports under clause 13.2.1. (a) (iv) (each a "Reporting Date"), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's and the Parent's compliance with the covenants in clause 13.2.4. (a). Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 and 2 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Ultimate Parent. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer and/or the Parent has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
13.2.2 General Covenants
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's, Parent's and Polarcus 6' obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Mergers The Issuer, the Parent or Polarcus 6 shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating their respective assets and obligations with any other company or entity if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. Solvent intragroup reorganization shall be permitted. The Issuer, the Parent or Polarcus 6, as the case may be, shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction other than solvent intragroup reorganization,
26
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer, the Parent or Polarcus 6 shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer, the Parent or Polarcus 6 (as the case may be) into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. Solvent intragroup reorganization shall be permitted. The Issuer, the Parent or Polarcus 6 shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction other than solvent intragroup reorganization, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
