(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a written notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
15.5 The allocation of proceeds received after the enforcement of any of the Security Interests shall be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. In case partial payments are received for the indebtedness pursuant to this Bond Agreement, such payments shall first be allocated to pay the Bond Trustee for incurred fees, and thereafter to settle any other outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee the accumulated fees, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to seek funding for such fees from other sources. In such case the providers of such funding shall have the right of subrogation into the position of the Bond Trustee but be subordinated any further expenses and fees of the Bond Trustee.
16 Bondholders' meeting
16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting
16.1.1
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.
16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders ' meetings
