(xi) subject to paragraph (e) below, a pledge over each Obligors' operating bank accounts (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any bank accounts pledged to banks in connection with property rental guarantees);
17
EXECUTION VERSION
(xiii) joint and several unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantees (No. selvskyldnerkausjori) from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations o f the Guarantors.
(b) The Transaction Security Documents shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document.
(c) The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than the day before the Issue Date.
(d) The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to (or as the case may be, in connection with) the release of Hinds from the Escrow Account, at which time the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as Security Agent) shall have the right (acting in its sole discretion) to release the Pre-Settlement Security. Perfection of the Transaction Security on first priority (i.e. subject to release/transfer of the Existing Security and the existence of the Intercompany Security) shall be established as soon as possible on or after the first release o f funds from the Escrow Account according to the terms of the closing procedure approved by the Bond Trustee.
(e) If and when the Issuer establishes a cash pooling arrangement for the Group, and to the extent the relevant operating accounts of any of the Obligors cannot continue to be pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee, because of requirements set by the provider of the cash pooling arrangement, the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as Security Agent) shall release the Security established in the operating accounts of any Obligor, or accept a security interest ranking behind the bank offering the cash pooling service.
(f) The Security over Intercompany Loans shall not prevent the Group from converting such Intercompany Loans to equity after 31 December 2018 if the Group risks significant tax consequences unless such Intercompany Loans are converted to equity. If new shares are issued in connection with such conversion they shall be pledged to the Trustee for and on behalf of the Bondholders immediately after issuance of such new shares. Such conversion does not require any consent or approval from the Trustee or Bondholders. Until and unless an Event ofDefault has occurred and is continuing, Intercompany Loans may be serviced by interest and principal payments.
