27
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 {Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice o f such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.1{Conditions precedent fo r disbursement to the Issuer) have not been fulfilled within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall immediately redeem the Bonds at a price of 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest, by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
10.6 Voluntary Partial Redemption
The Issuer may redeem Outstanding Bonds in an amount not exceeding in aggregate an amount o f NOK 12,000,000 on one or more Interest Payment Date(s) in any twelve (12) month period at a price equal to 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount of each redeemed Bond together with accrued and unpaid interest on such redeemed Bonds. Such redemptions shall be applied pro rata between the Bondholders from time to time in accordance with the procedures of CDS. Written notice must be given at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed repayment date for such voluntary partial redemption.
28
EXECUTION VERSION
