28
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, or sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, the first time in connection with the Annual Financial Statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2018 and thereafter in connection with each publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 {Financial Reports), each a "Reporting Date", a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the relevant Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Financial Reports are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.15 {Financial Covenants) as at such date.
