"Maintenance Test" means the financial test as set out in Clause 12.1 (Maintenance Test).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions, or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Material Asset" means an asset contributing with more than 5.00 per cent. of the total revenue of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Material Group Company" means each of the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 10.00 of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) or EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"MTF" means any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bonds after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner (if the Sole Bookrunner has requested that their respective fees and costs shall be deducted) and the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of each Bond the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partly amortised or redeemed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
