(e) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within thirty (30) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall (i) redeem all Bonds (which have not been purchased pursuant to the Exchange Offer) at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and the funds on the Escrow Cash Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer and any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer and (ii) the Exchanged Existing Bonds, standing on the Escrow VP Account, shall, together with accrued interest on such Exchanged Existing Bonds and interest paid under such Exchanged Existing Bonds since the First Issue Date standing to the credit of the Escrow Interest Account, be released to the respective Existing Bondholders of such Exchanged Existing Bonds. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(e). The redemption date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
