(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event, an Equity De-listing Event, a Listing Failure or a Bond De-listing Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be redeemed at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the relevant Change of Control Event, Equity De-Listing Event, Listing Failure or Bond De-listing Event (as applicable) pursuant to Clause 11.1(c) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(c) shall specify the redemption date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be redeemed. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Bonds and the redemption
20
amount shall fall due on the redemption date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(c). The redemption date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.4(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the redemption of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.4 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
10. Transaction Security and Guarantee
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer, HLM Malta Ltd. and the Guarantors (subject to applicable corporate law limitations) grants on or about the First Issue Date the Transaction Security and the Guarantee to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
