(c) subject to paragraph (d) below, 100 per cent. plus 10 per cent. of the coupon to be inserted of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby:
(e) the Main Shareholder decrease its ownership to such extent it no longer controls the Group; or
(f) one or more persons, acting together, acquire control over the Group;
and in both cases "control" means (a) directly or indirectly, controlling more than 50.00 per cent. of the voting shares of the Group, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Group.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) the satisfaction of the Maintenance Test (including calculations and figures in respect of the relevant financial tests and the basis on which they have been calculated), (ii) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (iii) if provided in connection with the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness that requires that the Incurrence Test is met that the Incurrence Test is met. The Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Senior Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
3
"Convertible Loan" means the originally SEK 140,000,000, fixed coupon of 9.50 per cent., due on 15 October 2019, subordinated convertible loan issued by the Issuer on 11 October 2016.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
