(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent) that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Agent may only act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies where these issues are ranked pari passu and do not otherwise entail any obvious conflicts of interest for the Agent.
20.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security and Guarantee pursuant to the Security Documents and the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security or the Guarantee on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Agent's duties under these Terms and Conditions are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
(c) The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(d) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry
35
