!i/hf
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Sparebank 1 Markets AS.
"Margin" means 5 per cent. (5 %) per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability o f any o f the Finance Documents.
"Material Subsidiary" means any subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5% of the total consolidated assets of the Group and/or any subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5% of the total consolidated net sales of the Group, always provided that subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20% o f the consolidated turnover, gross assets or net assets of the Group.
"Maturity Date" means 31 March 2015. Any adjustment will he made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average o f the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
