"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner [ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" occurs if any person or persons, acting collectively, acquires or takes Control over the Issuer. Fiowever the aforementioned shall not apply should Control be acquired or taken by a company (i) that is a real estate company incorporated under the laws of Sweden and (ii) whose shares are listed on Nasdaq s Nordic Mid Cap or Nasdaq's Nordic Large Cap. Should Control have been acquired or taken by a company (i) that is a real estate company incorporated under the laws of Sweden and (ii) whose shares are listed on Nasdaq's Nordic Mid Cap or Nasdaq s Nordic Large Cap, this Change
of Control Event provision shall apply mutatis mutandis to subsequent changes of Control in the new listed owner.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, satisfactory to the Agent (in its reasonable opinion) and substantially in a form attached to these Terms and Conditions as Appendix 1, signed by the CEO or the CFO or any authorised signatory of the Issuer certifying that (i) no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing and if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (ii) the financial undertakings set out in Clause 12 (Financial Undertakings) as applicable are met.
"Control" means (i) acquire or otherwise obtain control over, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent, of the total outstanding voting rights in the Issuer or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or discharge all or a majority of the members of the board of directors in the Issuer.
