"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, satisfactory to the Agent (in its reasonable opinion) and substantially in a form attached to these Terms and Conditions as Appendix 1, signed by the CEO or the CFO or any authorised signatory of the Issuer certifying that (i) no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing and if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (ii) the financial undertakings set out in Clause 12 (Financial Undertakings) as applicable are met.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191,101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Delisting Event" occurs if at any time: (i) the Issuer's Class A and B ordinary shares are not listed on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market, or (ii) trading with the Issuer's Class A and B ordinary shares on Nasdaq Stockholm is suspended during a period of more than 15 trading days when the Nasdaq Stockholm is at the same time open for trading. However (i) and (ii) shall not apply should the de-listing or trading suspension occur as a result of a public offer for the shares in the Issuer by a company (i) that is a real estate company incorporated under the laws of Sweden and (ii) whose shares are listed on Nasdaq's Nordic Mid Cap or Nasdaq's Nordic Large Cap, in which case (i) and (ii) above shall apply mutatis mutandis to a de-listing or trading suspension relating to the shares in the new listed owner.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 13.1.
"Equity" means the total consolidated equity of the Group in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Equity Ratio" means Equity divided by Total Assets excluding financial assets and cash equivalents according to the Accounting Principles.
"Final Maturity Date" means 26 February 2021.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders) as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means indebtedness for or in respect of:
