"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Owning Company and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or the Owning Company's and/or the Bareboat Charterer's (if party to a Charter) ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement and/or the Intercompany Loan and/or any Security Document; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement and any Security Document.
"Mortgage" means the first priority ship mortgage to be registered against the Vessel in the Norwegian Ordinary ship registry, including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessel under Norwegian or other applicable law.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Merest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised
#2896211/1
9 (44) 0/
exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Bank to provide a quotation on its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the aritlunetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for the Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian Kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
