"C harter" means any charter contract for the employment of the Vessel, being both intra group bareboat charters entered into between the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer, and Employment Contracts.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Delivery Date" means the expected delivery date for the Vessel, being on or about end May 2011.
"Earnings Account(s)" means the Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account and the Owning Company's Earnings Account.
"Employment Contract" means employment contracts, to be entered into between either the Owning Company or the Bareboat Charterer (as the case may be) and the relevant contracting party (including, but not limited to, the Initial Charterer) in respect of the Vessel.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Equity Ownership Share" means (i) a 100 % ownership share in the Vessel, and (ii) a 100 % equity ownership and voting rights in the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter).
"Escrow Account" means a blocked escrow account established by the Issuer prior to the issuance of the Bonds, into which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of fees, legal costs and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be transferred once all the Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent have been satisfied. The Escrow Account shall be pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee under the Escrow Account Pledge and blocked so that no withdrawals can be made therefrom without the written consent of the Bond Trustee.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account.
