2.5 2.6
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
Status of the Notes
The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
The initial nominal amount of each Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
Provided that the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test (tested pro forma including such Subsequent Notes), the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may be set to par, at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Notes (the Initial Notes and all Subsequent Notes) may not exceed SEK 600,000,000 unless consent from the Noteholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 16.5(a). Each Subsequent Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
