A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4 is irrevocable and shall specify the relevant Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a Person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date, and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or De listing Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, Listing Failure, or De-listing Event (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants
16
Execution version
9.5.3
9.5.4 9.5.5 10 10.1 10.1.1
Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days following the lapse of such notice period referred to in Clause 9.5.1.
If Noteholders representing more than 90 per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall send a notice to the remaining Noteholders giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following such notice. Such notice shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5.3. The repurchase date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period of thirty (30) Business Days referred to in this Clause 9.5.3.
