(y) not make any payments or transfers of value whatsoever, whether in cash or in kind, to Rubicon Offshore International Pte. Ltd. or its Affiliates (other than reimbursement of costs and expenses incurred on or after 22 June 2017 and paid by such entities for or on behalf of Puffin in respect of the operations of the Vessel up to a maximum amount of USD 50,000 for the period up to and including the Maturity Date).
13.4 During the term of the Loan, the Guarantors shall, and the Borrower shall procure that the Guarantors shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the covenants set out in Clauses 8.4, 13.1, 13.2(a) to (y) and 13.3 (as applicable to each Guarantor) and shall not make any investments or engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the Vessel.
13.5 The Borrower shall use reasonable endeavours to initiate proceedings for the windingup, liquidation or striking off of each of Melrose Shipping Company Limited and Langford Shipping Company Limited within 180 days of the execution of this Loan Agreement provided, however, that no Event of Default shall occur in relation to this covenant if, at any time after the expiry of such 180 day period, the Borrower shall (i) have procured that each of Melrose Shipping Company Limited and Langford Shipping Company Limited have entered into the Inter-company Liabilities Security and the Subordination Agreement; or (ii) have commenced winding up, liquidation or
305790393
striking off proceedings for each of Melrose and Langford and be pursuing such proceedings in good faith.
14. Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses incurred in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository. Fees and expenses payable to the Loan Trustee which, due to the Borrower's insolvency or for other similar reasons, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
