(b) 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date; and
"Cash" means cash in hand held by the Group Companies or with a reputable bank credited to an account in the name of a Group Company, also including amounts that can be freely drawn upon in relation to revolving credit facilities or working capital facilities, and in each case to which a Group Company is beneficially and legally entitled and which is immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of the Bonds or payment of interest (for the avoidance of doubt, not including, e.g., any cash subject to a pledge or similar arrangement, any amount standing on client accounts or construction credits (Sw. byggnadskreditiv)).
"Cash Equivalents" means, in respect of the Group, (i) immediately available funds at bank or postal accounts and (ii) marketable debt securities held for cash management purposes that can be realised promptly and which has a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investor Services Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper or debt securities, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating.
"Cash Position" means the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash Equivalents held by the Group calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with the latest Financial Report (as applicable).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) the ordinary shares in the Issuer is not listed on NASDAQ OMX First North Premier or a Regulated Market or (ii) one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting
2
together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and, (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, that the Maintenance Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
