"Maintenance Test" is met if and (i) the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets at all times is at least 0.25; and (ii) the Cash Position amounts to not less than SEK 30,000,000 on the last day of each interim quarter. The Issuer may in its sole discretion chose to calculate the Maintenance Test in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date, or the Accounting Principles as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time.
(a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 104.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining Interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders);
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent. of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) the net profit of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
5
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420 8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
