16.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. The notice from the Issuer or the Agent shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall apply.
17 DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
17.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
17.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
17.3 The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws or regulations.
17.4 Should the Agent not convene a Bondholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 17.3 being applicable, the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) requesting a decision by the Bondholders may convene such Bondholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The Issuing Agent shall upon request provide the convening Bondholder(s) with the information available in the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds in order to convene and hold the Bondholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
17.5 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1 or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending communication in accordance with Clause 19.1, in both cases with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for a Bondholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append information from the Agent together with the notice or the communication.
17.6 Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 7 (Right to act on behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 18.2, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
