The Issuer appoints the Security Agent to act as representative (Dk. fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of and for the benefit of the Bondholders pursuant to Chapter 4 cf. Section 1(3) of the Danish Capital Markets Act (Dk. Lov om kapitalmarkeder) as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Security Agent accepts such appointment. The Security Agent shall be registered with the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Dk. finanstilsynet) in accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act and the Issuer and the Security Agent shall provide all information required by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. The Security Agent shall receive and hold any security interest created or purported to be created under any of the Security Documents governed or purported to be governed by Danish law (whether agreed in contract or implied pursuant to conflict of law rules) and the Security Agent shall enter into and enforce such documents on behalf of and for the benefit of the Bondholders.
21.2.1
The Security Agent will represent the Secured Parties in inter alia, holding the Encumbrance under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement on behalf of itself and the Bondholders, and where relevant, enforcing the Encumbrance under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
21.2.2
The Agent and the Security Agent is not responsible for the content, valid execution, creation, perfection or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the validity or perfection of the T ransaction Security. The Agent or the Security Agent does not review any documents or evidence from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders. The Agent or the Security Agent is never acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
21.2.3
The Agent's and the Security Agent duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent and the Security Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents.
21.2.4
The Agent and the Security Agent is not obliged to actively assess or monitor (i) the financial condition of the Issuer or any Group Company, (ii) the compliance by the Issuer or a Guarantor of the Finance Documents (unless expressly set out in the Finance Documents) or (iii) whether an Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred or not.
