22.2 The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
23 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
23.1 The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations applicable to the Bonds.
23.2 The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds on the Regulated Market. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act (Sw.
47
lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and be authorised as a central securities depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
24 NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
24.1 A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or any Guarantor or with respect to the Transaction Security or the Guarantees to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or any Guarantor in relation to any of the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent and , as applicable, the Security Agent.
24.2 Clause 24.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 21.1.5), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.12, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.13 before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 24.1.
