24.1 A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or any Guarantor or with respect to the Transaction Security or the Guarantees to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or any Guarantor in relation to any of the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent and , as applicable, the Security Agent.
24.3 The provisions of Clause 24.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put options)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
25 PRESCRIPTION
25.1 The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
25.2 If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
48
26 NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
26.1 Notices
26.1.1 Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
