"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being the Main Shareholder, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Completion Date" means the date of the Agent's approval of the disbursements of the proceeds from the Escrow Account.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the form appended to these Terms and Conditions as Schedule 4 (Form of Compliance Certificate) signed by the CEO or the CFO or any other authorised signatory of the Issuer on behalf of the Issuer, certifying among other things (a) that, so far as the Issuer is aware, no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (b) that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect thereof, if relevant.
"Conditions Precedent Failure" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.4.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Bonds from time to time.
"Dutch Security Documents" means the Security Documents under paragraph (f) and (g) thereof and any other Security Document purporting to create a Dutch law security interest over any asset.
"EBITDA" has the meaning set forth in Clause 14.1 (Definitions).
