(b) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures or other steps (other than (A) proceedings which are not vexatious or frivolous or are being disputed in good faith and are discharged within ninety (90) calendar days, and (B), taken in relation to Subsidiaries of the Company, solvent liquidations that are permitted under the Secured Finance Documents) in relation to (i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or similar (by way of voluntary arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Subsidiary, and (ii) the appointment of a
liquidator, administrator, or other similar officer in respect of any Material Subsidiary or any of its assets or any analogous procedure; or
(c) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other relevant jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Bondholders and creditors under the Secured Debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other relevant jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Instructing Party" means the Senior Agent or, following replacement in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable), the Super Senior Representative.
"Intercompany Debt" means all present and future moneys, debts and liabilities due, owing or incurred from time to time under any loan granted by an ICA Group Company to another ICA Group Company.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement to be entered into upon request by the New Overdraft Lender, whereunder Encumbrance provided towards the benefit of the Bondholders under the Security Documents and guarantees provided under the Guarantee Agreement will be shared between the New Overdraft Lender and the Bondholders, between, amongst others, the Issuer, the New Overdraft Lender, the Security Agent and the Agent (representing the Bondholders), substantially in the form and terms as set out in the Intercreditor Term Sheet.
"Intercreditor Term Sheet" means the agreed form intercreditor term sheet setting out the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.3.
