Nominal Amount as if such payment had taken place on the First Call Date; and
both calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment. "Margin" means 6.25 per cent. per annum.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness in the form of commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term bond programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on any Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment undertakings under the Finance Documents
7
or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or (d) the effectiveness or ranking of any Transaction Security.
"Material Subsidiary" means (i) a Guarantor and (ii) a Subsidiary of the Issuer which, together with its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, has earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated on the same basis as EBITDA representing 5 per cent. or more of EBITDA or has turnover or gross assets representing 10 per cent. or more of the turnover or gross assets of the Group, in each case calculated on a consolidated basis, calculated by reference to the financial statements most recently made available on the Issuer's website in accordance with Clause 12.1.1 and which will be confirmed by the Issuer in a compliance certificate to be delivered in connection with the financial statements in accordance with Clause 12.1.3. As at the date of these Terms and Conditions, each company listed in Schedule 1 (Material Subsidiaries) is a Material Subsidiary.
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the auditors of the Issuer will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB, Reg. No. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden.
