The Issuer and any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full:
(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Bond equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(b) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 103.125 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling thirty-six (36) months after the Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 102.1875 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(d) any time from and including the first Business Day falling thirty-six (36) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling forty-two (42) months after the Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.25 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(e) any time from and including the first Business Day falling forty-two (42) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100.625 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(f) notwithstanding paragraph (e) above, provided that the redemption is partially financed by way of one or several Market Loan issues, at any time from and including the first Business Day falling six (6) months before the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice and not more than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
