Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Bondholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.6.1 and 10.6.2.
10.6.4
If Bondholders representing more than eighty-five (85) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Bonds held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.6, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.6.1 or 10.6.2, send a notice to the remaining Bondholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity to request that Bonds held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.6.4. The Redemption Date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 10.6.4.
10.6.5
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.6, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.6 by virtue of the conflict.
10.6.6 Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
10.6.7
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Bonds pursuant to this Clause 10.6, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event offers to purchase the Bonds in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 10.6 (or on terms more favourable to the Bondholders) and
