15.2 The Agent may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
15.3 The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (and in respect of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure and an IPO Event, also the Bondholders) (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
15.4 The Agent shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement.
15.5 If the Bondholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall, provided that the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement have been complied with, promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
15.6 If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
15.7 In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 15, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at an amount:
(a) if the acceleration occurs prior to the First Call Date, equal to 104.6875 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; or
(b) if the acceleration occurs on or after the First Call Date, equal to the redemption amount specified under Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (American call options)), as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs.
16 DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
