2.3 2.4 2.5 3.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 350,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of an initial nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 300,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The nominal amount of each Bond will be the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partly redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.4 ( Voluntary partial redemption by the Issuer) (the "Nominal Amount"). The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0007953922. The minimum permissible investment (e.g., subscription and allotment) in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
The Issuer may at one or more occasions after the Issue Date issue Subsequent Bonds under these Terms and Conditions (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals SEK 350.000.000. Any Subsequent Bonds shall be issued subject to the same Terms and Conditions as the Initial Bonds. The price of Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms these Terms and Conditions.
