Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled, except in connection with a full redemption of the Bonds.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Voluntary partial redemption by the Issuer
The Issuer may, on one occasion, redeem a total amount of SEK 100,000,000 (in whole but not in parts) of principal debt outstanding under the Bond Issue. The redemption shall be made on an Interest Payment Date, at a price equal to one hundred and three (103.50) per cent, of the repaid Nominal Amount, resulting in partial redemption of all Bonds by way of reduction of the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded off to a multiple of SEK 1,000).
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.4 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all or some of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of fifteen (15) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.9.1 (e). The fifteen (15) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.9.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase
