"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of additional Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Issue Date" means 22 February 2016.
"Issuer" means Studsvik AB (publ) (reg. no. 556501-0997, P.O. Box 556, SE-611 82 Nykoping, Sweden).
"Issuing Agent" means Swedbank AB (publ), reg. no. 502017-7753, SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Listing Failure" means the situation where the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than five (5.00) per cent, of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA of the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB, reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden.
