20.2 Duties of the Trustee
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Trustee's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Trustee only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions. In particular, the Trustee in not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
(d) The Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(e) The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
38
(g) The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Trustee and the Issuer. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(h) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
