"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 17.
"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.
"Cash Collateral Loan" means an intra-group b a n between the Parent as lender and the Issuer as borrower in the amount of the Excess Amount.
"Cash Sweep Amount" means any amounts exceeding USD 10,000,000 deposited on the Debt Service Account on the tenth Business Day prior to each Interest Payment Date from and including the Interest Payment Date in February 2016.
"Change of Control Event" means an event where any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian limited liabilities companies act (Nw: aksjeloven) section 1-3, cf. 1-5) acting on concert, directly or indirectly obtains a controlling interest o f more than 50.0% of the issued share capital or the voting rights of the Parent, other than (i) if Ocean Champion Holdings Ltd, or together with any other affiliated company acting in concert, directly or indirectly, gains control, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0% of the issued share capital or the voting rights of the Parent or (ii) if any shareholder obtains a controlling interest of more than 50.0% of the issued share capital or the voting rights of the Parent in connection with a listing of the Parent on the Oslo Stock Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, shares held by senior management and the board of directors of the Parent as per the date of this Bond Agreement shall not be deemed to be shares held by a "group" or by persons "acting in conceit".
"Convertible Loans" means the Parent's indebtedness to its shareholder Ocean Champion Holdings Ltd. pursuant to two convertible loan agreements in the approximate amount of USD 31,700,000 (on the date of this Bond Agreement).
"Debt Service Account" means the Issuer's debt service account held with the Paying Agent, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents,
