(a) The Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
(c) Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act, (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), (e) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the U.S. Securities Act and (f) to the Issuer.
(d) The Issuer makes no representation as to the availability of an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 of the U.S. Securities Act.
6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code {foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Trustee when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register [skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Trustee.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
18
