22.2
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 20.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agree otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE PAYING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Paying Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.
The Paying Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Paying Agent at the same time as the old Paying Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Paying Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Paying Agent as paying agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
The Paying Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement, the CSD Regulations applicable to the Paying Agent and the Securities Register Act, as may be necessary in order for the Paying Agent to carry out its duties under the Terms and Conditions.
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS
A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against any of the Parent, any Group Company or any other security provider or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Parent or any Group Company in relation to any of the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer, the Parent or such Group Company under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.
