stipulated in this Clause 10.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
Equity Clawback
The Issuer may at any time, use the net cash proceeds received from an Equity Listing Event only, to repay at a price of the lower of (i) 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount and (ii) the amount payable to repurchase Notes under Clause 10.3.1 at the time of such repayment, up to 100 per cent. of the Notes at the sole discretion of the Issuer.
The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event).
Redemptions pursuant to this Clause 10.6 must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the CSD).
Exercise of the option pursuant to this Clause 10.6 shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Agent and the Noteholders at least ten days, but no more than 60 days prior to the settlement date of the prepayment. Such notice shall include details of the relevant Redemption Date and Record Date relating to such repayment.
TRANSACTION SECURITY
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall procure that the Parent and any other shareholders (direct or indirect) of the Issuer grants, on or before the Issue Date, in relation to the Share Pledge Agreement, and promptly following the making of any Shareholder Loan, in relation to a Shareholder Loan Pledge Agreement, the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent. The Transaction Security shall be provided and perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into between the Issuer, the Parent and any other shareholders (direct or indirect) of the Issuer and the Agent, acting on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
The Agent shall, on behalf of the Secured Parties, keep all certificates and other documents that are bearers of rights relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody.
