The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause ll. lO . l( v ) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause ll. lO . l( v ) . The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
13
10.4.4 Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 10.2.
11. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 11.
11.1 Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay principal or pay interest under any Shareholder Loan, (v) grant any loans except to Group Companies or (vi) make any other similar distributions or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's or the Subsidiaries' direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment, by:
(p) any Group Company, provided that such Restricted Payment is made to a Group Company and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis; and
