12.2 If the Notes are declared due and payable pursuant to Condition 12.1, the Company shall redeem the Notes at a redemption amount equal to the Notes' Nominal Amount plus a surcharge of three (3) per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest).
12.4 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to exist.
12.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent of any circumstance of the type specified in Condition 12.1 or Condition 9.1 occurring immediately upon gaining knowledge of the relevant circumstance having occurred. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Condition 12.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may reasonably request regarding any circumstances referred to in
10
Condition 12.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Condition provided that information made public to the shareholders of the Company shall be deemed to have been already delivered to the Agent.
12.6 If a right to accelerate the redemption of the Notes according to this Condition 12 (Acceleration of the Notes) exists, the Agent shall consider, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of gaining knowledge thereof, if the redemption of the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent has decided not to accelerate the redemption of the Notes, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that a circumstance described in Condition 12.1 exists and its decision to not take any action in relation thereto and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Condition 13 (The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.).
13 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.
13.1 General
13.1.1 Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Notes, whether or not in court or before an executive authority. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Holders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless it is explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions and the Holders potential to start actions on behalf of the Holders is set out in these Terms and Conditions. Without prejudice to Holders' rights under Condition 9.1, a Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions.
