13.3.5 The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under these Terms and Conditions.
13.3.7 Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Terms and Conditions but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Company and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
13.3.8 In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Condition 13.3 (Replacement of Agent), the Company shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions. Unless the Company and the new Agent
14
agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
13.4 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent, the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 12.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Notes against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 12 (Acceleration of the Notes) and 13.1 (General).
13.5 Funds received by the Agent
Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Notes constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedef) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds to the relevant person(s) as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt thereof.
