(f), (g), (h) and (i) above may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Bond Trustee's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned in Section 14.1 (d).
14.5 It is not necessary that a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for it to be a cause for termination.
14.6 The Company is obliged to inform the Bond Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 14,1 should occur. Should the Bond Trustee not receive such information, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Bond Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Bond Trustee is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Section 14.1. The Company shall further, at the request of the Bond Trustee, provide the Bond Trustee with details of any circumstances referred to in Section 14.1 and provide the Bond Trustee with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Section 14.
14.7 The Company is only obliged to inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 14.6 if informing the Bond Trustee would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with OMX or otherwise, the Company shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from OMX or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Bond Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 14.6.
14.8 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 14.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within 10 Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 16. If the Holders vote in favour of termination, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased.
14.9 If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 16, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Bond Trustee harmless from
any loss or liability and, if requested by the Bond Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
14.10 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in.this Section 14, the Bond Trustee shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
14.11 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 14 without relevant decision by the Bond Trustee or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Section 16.
