(ii) claim and enforce any payments which are due by the Company to some but not all Holders.
(a) The Bond Trustee shall arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 16 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions and, on behalf of the Company, manage administrative tasks in relation to the entering into of new Interest Periods. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is expressly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall cany out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
(b) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of one or more Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until a resolution has been passed on the matter at a Holders'meeting.
(c) The Bond Trustee may act as agent and/or security trustee for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
(d) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Bond Trustee does not limit the Bond Trustee's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(e) The Bond Trustee may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The costs of such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Bond Trustee is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
15.3 Replacement of Bond Trustee and Issuing Agent
(a) The Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent may be replaced by another Bond Trustee and/or Issuing Agent in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 16, provided however that the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions until the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent has been appointed.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign as agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Bond Trustee shall take effect until a new Bond Trustee has been appointed in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 16. The new Bond Trustee's remuneration shall be governed by an agent agreement between the new Bond Trustee
