(a) The Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent may be replaced by another Bond Trustee and/or Issuing Agent in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 16, provided however that the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions until the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent has been appointed.
and the Company, and absent such agreement the new Bond Trustee shall be entitled to the same remuneration as the resigning Bond Trustee. If a new Bond Trustee has not been appointed within 60 calendar days after the Bond Trustee has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Bond Trustee has the right to appoint a new Bond Trustee. Until the resigning Bond Trustee has been replaced by a new Bond Trustee, the resigning Bond Trustee shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Bond Trustee has been appointed, the resigning Bond Trustee shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Bond Trustee but shall continue to enjoy the rights and bear the responsibility under these Terms and Conditions for any acts or omissions whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The Bond Trustee's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Bond Trustee.
(c) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within 30 calendar days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. Until the resigning Issuing Agent has been replaced by the new Issuing Agent, the resigning Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Bond Trustee and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
(d) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction (Sw. joreiagsrekonstniktion) according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent as Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(e) A new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent may also be appointed to immediately replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent, if the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent materially fails to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and does not remedy such failure within a reasonable time after the Company has made the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent aware thereof. Under such circumstances, the Company is entitled to dismiss the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent and appointment of a new Bond Trustee shall be made in accordance with Section 15.3 (b) and appointment of a new Issuing Agent shall be made by the Company. The Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent shall, however, perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions until the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent has been appointed. If a new Bond Trustee is appointed, the Company may recover all costs and expenses incurred, and remuneration and fees payable, by the Company in relation to the new Bond Trustee under Sections 15.2 (e), f%
15,4 and 17 from the replaced Bond Trustee, provided that such costs, expenses, remuneration and fees exceed the costs, expenses, remuneration and fees that would have been incurred and payable if the Bond Trustee had not been replaced.
(f) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent have resigned or been replaced in accordance with Sections 15,3 (a)-(e), the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent shall deliver all documents and provide all information to the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent that are necessary for them to perform their obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
15.4 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee is, according to the Agent Agreement, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions. If the Bond Trustee, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent and not be able to reimburse the Bond Trustee for its costs and expenses (also taking into account the allocation of payments in Section 20.1 in such determination), the Bond Trustee is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Section 14.8 and 14.9 without first having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
