(i) two thirds (2/3) to (1) waive a breach of a special undertaking in Section 12, and (2) amend a provision in these Terms and Conditions, subject to (ii) below; and
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee), will prevail.
Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by any Group Company shall not be considered when calculating if necessaiy majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within 15 minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the reply period), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information
regarding extended period for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 21. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with Section 16(d), through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
At the meeting, the Company, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Bond Trustee may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Company and the Company's auditors may attend the meeting. The meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Bond Trustee and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman of the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall prepare a list of the Holders and representatives/proxies present and entitled to vote (the "Voting List"). The list shall include information on the Nominal Amount that each Holder (or, as the case may be, representatives/proxies) represents. The chairman shall further arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting. The minutes shall include the Voting List (which shall be approved by the Holders' meeting), any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed by the meeting to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee shall provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation of votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee may request supplements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Bond Trustee shall disregard any answers that deviate from the listed alternatives or from an alleged Holder whose voting right is not apparent from the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Bond Trustee. The relevant resolutions from the meeting shall also be sent to the Holders in accordance with Section 21.
If the Company and the Bond Trustee deem it appropriate, a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers through a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Bond Trustee at the address set out by the Bond Trustee in the notice which shall be sent to the Holders according to Section 16 (b). For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that deviate from listed alternatives (in a resolution form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section 16 (g).
(j) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution being or not being passed at the Holders' meeting.
