If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Bond Trustee at the address set out by the Bond Trustee in the notice which shall be sent to the Holders according to Section 16 (b). For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that deviate from listed alternatives (in a resolution form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section 16 (g).
(k) If tire Bond Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' meeting within 20 Banking Days after having received such request, the requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person referred to in Section 16 (g) exists, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting person.
(l) For the purpose of this Section 16, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 22 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee, or other sufficient evidence, (i) certifying, or evidencing, that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 22 and this Section 16(1).
(m) The Company shall bear all its and the Bond Trustee's costs in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.
17 Fees and expenses
17.1 Unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall cover all costs and expenses (including legal costs) incurred by it in connection with these Terms and Conditions and the fulfilment of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty) and the listing of the Bonds on OMX.
17.2 The fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Company and are set forth in the Agent Agreement.
17.3 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the
Holders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Company is not responsible A
