21.1 Notices from the Company or the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions shall be given in English to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD. Notices to the Holders shall be considered to be received by the Holders 3 Banking Days after they have been dispatched.
22 Nominee registration
In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting rights of the Holders in Section 16).
23 Limitation of liability etc.
23.1 The Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case
of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict.
23.2 The Bond Trustee, or any Affiliates to the Bond Trustee, shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by negligence or wilful misconduct. The CSD, the Issuing Agent, or any Affiliates to the CSD or the Issuing Agent, shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent, or any Affiliates to the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent, be liable for indirect damage.
23.3 Should the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any of the circumstances mentioned in Section 23.1, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event.
23.4 The provisions in this Section 23 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
