"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Issue Date" means 5 March 2018.
"Issuer" means Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 559135-0599.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"LTV Ratio" means at any time in relation to the Group, the aggregate of the Net Interest Bearing Debt of the Group as a percentage of the aggregate Value of the Properties.
"Maintenance Test" means the financial test as set out in Clause 11.1 (Maintenance Test).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programs and other market funding programs), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the undertakings as set out in Clause 12 (General Undertakings), or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer, a Subsidiary (on a consolidated basis) representing more than 5 per cent, of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report or a Subsidiary owning a Property.
