that equity of at least EUR 300,000,000 (less (i) any transaction costs for the Equity Issue and (ii) any amount allocated in the Equity Issue, but not paid-in, provided that an equivalent amount of the purchase
price for the Targets is paid for by way of a vendor note (excluding the Vendor Notes)) has been contributed in cash or in kind to the Issuer; and
(vi) duly executed copies of the Finance Documents.
(c) The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to this Clause 4 is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation and evidence. The Agent does not review the document and evidence referred to in this Clause 4 above from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.
(d) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the funds from the Proceeds Account in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Proceeds Account.
(e) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) no later than 21 March 2018, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to one hundred (100) per cent, of the Nominal Amount without any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(e). The repurchase date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after 21 March 2018.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
