"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
2
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, at anytime, (i) cash in hand held by the Group or with a reputable bank credited to an account in the name of the Group and in each case to which the Group is beneficially and legally entitled and which is immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of the Bonds or payment of Interest (for the avoidance of doubt, not including e.g. any cash subject to a pledge or similar arrangement (excluding legal right to set-off) or any amount standing on client accounts), and (ii) short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value of the Group.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with the publishing of a Financial Report, the Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test and if the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Restricted Payment include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191,101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
