(a) The Issuer will make the following information available to the Bondholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Group:
18
(ii) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, or the yearend report (Sw. bokslutskommunike), as applicable, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, for such period; and
(Hi) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market or the MTF on which the Bonds are admitted to trading.
(b) When and for as long as the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of either (A) Nasdaq Stockholm, the Financial Reports shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IFRS and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act, or (B) Nasdaq First North, the Financial Reports shall be made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq First North (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act.
(c) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Bondholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Property Event or a De-listing Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event.
(d) When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.1(a), the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent.
(e) The Issuer shall issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent (i) in connection with each Financial Report, (ii) in connection with a Restricted Payment and (iii) in connection with incurrence of Financial Indebtedness under item (j) of the definition of Permitted Debt.
(f) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
