of the Bondholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19.2(e), and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 15(c);
(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amount unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 14(a)(i), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 14(a)(i).
(c) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 14.
(d) If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7(a) shall apply and for any partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4 (Voluntary partial redemption) due but not made, the Record Date specified in Clause 9.4(b) shall apply.
15. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
