32
The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made waivers made in accordance with Clause 18(a), setting out the date from which the the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 10.3 (Publication of Finance DocumentsSub\ect to the restrictions of any applicable law and regulation, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
(c) Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
(d) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
19. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
19.1 Appointment of Agent
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder.
(b) By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf, as set forth in Clause 19.1(a).
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under any obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
