"Pre-approved Budget" means a monthly budget to be submitted on the first Business Day of each month by the Board of Directors of the Issuer to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and which has been approved by Bondholders representing at least 35% of the Outstanding Bonds.
7
Nordic Trustee ASA
"Retained Amounts" means the Bond Costs and the Dissolution Costs. "Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway. "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4. "Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests. "Security Interests" means the Initial Security and the Additional Security. "Share Charge" means a first priority Singapore law pledge granted by the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent over all the shares (100%) in the Guarantors. "Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence. "Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Vessel. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America. "Vessel" means the self-propelled drillship currently named "Jasper Explorer" registered in the name of the Owner under Singapore flag with call sign 9V7516 and IMO no. 7305980. "Vessel Management Agreement" means the technical and commercial vessel management agreement entered into between the Owner and the Charterer, pursuant to which the Charterer provides for the management and marketing of the Vessel. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds. 1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;
8
Nordic Trustee ASA
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and
(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).
