"Senior Bank Facilities Guarantees" means the Senior Parent Guarantees, the Senior Issuer Obligations, the Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees and the Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees.
"Senior Finance Parties" means the lenders, hedging providers and other finance parties under the Senior Bank Facilities.
"Senior Issuer Obligations" means the obligations (as borrower or guarantor) of the Issuer to any Senior Finance Party under any Senior Bank Facility.
"Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees" means the obligations (as borrower, or guarantor under each of the guarantees issued or to be issued) (i) to the Senior Finance Parties by a Subsidiary Guarantor who is a Vessel Owner and/or a Charterer in respect of a Vessel which is subject to a first priority Vessel mortgage in favour of the said Senior Finance Parties as security under the relevant Senior Finance Documents and (ii) to the Senior Finance Parties under the Revolving Credit Facility only, by any of Bluewater Services (UK) Limited, Bluewater Energy Services B.V. and Bluewater (Floating Production) B.V. as guarantees in respect of the obligations under the relevant Senior Finance Documents.
"Senior Parent Guarantees" means the guarantees issued or to be issued by the Parent Guarantor for the obligations of the borrower(s) to any Senior Finance Parties under any Senior Bank Facility.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Subsidiary Guarantees" means the Bond Subsidiary Guarantees, the Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees, the Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees, the Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees and the Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees.
(H
