9.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due under these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to the Interest Rate plus five (5.00) per cent., from, but excluding, the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
10 Early redemption by request of the Company
10.1 All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Company on any Banking Day (provided that the Company's maximum SEK 700,000,000 13% bonds 2010/2015 (ISIN SE0003617216) have been redeemed in full or that the special undertaking in Section 10.1 (f) of the terms and conditions for those bonds has been waived by the bondholders). The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days' notice in accordance with Section 21. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the date of early redemption and the relevant Record Date.
10.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 6 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to, and including, the date of early redemption.
11 Mandatory Early Redemption due to a Change of Control Event
If a Change of Control Event occurs without consent of Holders representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount represented at a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing pursuant to Section 16, the Company shall redeem all Bonds at the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. The redemption shall occur within twenty (20) Banking Days from the Change of Control Event. The Company shall give notice in accordance with Section 21 to the Agent and the Holders of the Change of Control Event at the latest immediately after its occurrence, which notice shall also state the date of early redemption and the relevant Record Date.
11
12 The Company's and the other Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
12.1 The Company and any of the other Group Companies may at any time purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Company or any of the other Group Companies, or surrendered by any of the other Group Companies, to the Company may at the Company's or any of the other Group Companies' discretion, as applicable, be retained or sold or, if held by the Company, be cancelled.
