"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Liquidity" means, at any given time and on a consolidated basis, the aggregate book value of the Group's freely available cash, readily marketable securities, and other free and unencumbered cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Margin" means 10 percentage points per annum.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Rigs in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Rigs obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers ( to be appointed among R.S. Platou Offshore, Feamley Offshore, Pareto Offshore and Clarkson). Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The valuation shall be dated no earlier than three months prior to the relevant Quarter Date, and indicate the Rigs' value per same date for all Rigs. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Debtor Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Document or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Finance Document.
"Maturity Date" means 17 November 2016 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means at the date of calculation, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Net Interest Costs" means for any Relevant Period, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate consolidated gross interest costs of the Group less the aggregate
