"Quotation Date" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day o f that period.
"Rating Agency Event" means a change in the rating methodology, or in the interpretation of such methodology, as the case may be, becoming effective after the Issue Date, as a result o f which the capital treatment assigned by a Rating Agency to the Notes or part thereof, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer and/or its Parent Company or as published by such Rating Agency, becomes, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially unfavourable, either for the Issuer or its Parent Company, when compared to the capital treatment assigned by such Rating Agency to the Notes (through the rating relating to the Parent Company), as notified by such Rating Agency to the Parent Company and/or the Issuer or as published by such Rating Agency, on or around the Issue Date.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 15 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Noteholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"SFSA" means Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen).
"Solvency IE" means Directive 2009/13 8/EC of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of business o f Insurance and Re-insurance (Solvency II) and is intended to be transposed by member states of the European Economic Area by 1 January 2016.
