The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents. The Agent shall represent the Noteholders, by holding the Transaction Security, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and the Guarantees pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement on behalf of the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security, the pledge over the Escrow Account and claim under the Guarantees on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, the perfection of the Transaction Security or the pledge over the Escrow Account, or the validity, enforceability or the due execution of any of the Finance Documents.
35
23.3.2
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
23.3.3
The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Noteholders or any other person and no opinion or advice by the Agent will be binding on the Noteholders.
23.3.4
The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Group Companies with the terms of the Finance Documents (unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents) or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent is entitled to assume that no Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred.
