Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Equity Claw Back (call option)
The Issuer may at any time from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the First Call Date on no less than ten (10) days' and no more than sixty (60) days' prior notice use the net cash proceeds received by the Group from an IPO or its 100 per cent. direct shareholder) or the equivalent amount of cash on balance sheet in an amount not exceeding thirty (30) per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount towards repayment of Notes at the price applicable at the First Call Date.
Redemption of the Notes shall be applied pro rata between the Noteholders in accordance with the procedures of the CSD, and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed shall be paid together with principal on the Redemption Date of such early redemption, provided that such interest shall not be included in the calculation of the amount of Notes the Issuer is permitted to repay in accordance with this provision.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The applicability of Clause 11.5.1 shall be supported by a legal opinion issued by a reputable law firm.
The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 11.5.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date (which shall not be less than twenty (20) Business Days following the provision of such notice) and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
20
