5.1 The Bonds will be registered on behalf of the Holders on a VP Account and no physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Föräldrabalken), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment.
6 Final redemption of the Bonds and payments
6.1 Redemption at maturity
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at their Nominal Amounts on the Final Redemption Date. Payment of the Nominal Amounts and interest accrued but unpaid up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date will be made to the persons who are Holders on the Record Date.
6.2 Payments of principal and interest
If a Holder has with its Account Operator registered that capital and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, deposits of principal and interest will be effected by the CSD on the relevant Interest Payment Date or Redemption Date (as applicable). In other cases, payments of principal and interest will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of the relevant amount, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person who was not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the CSD has acted with normal care.
7 Default interest
7.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount on the relevant due date, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to STIBOR plus two (2) percentage units, from (but excluding) the relevant due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment. STIBOR shall be determined for each weekly period of delay. Default interest shall, however, subject to Condition 7.2, never be less than the Interest Rate plus two (2) percentage units. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
7.2 If the delay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Agent or the CSD, respectively, as set out in Condition 18.1, the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
