7.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount on the relevant due date, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to STIBOR plus two (2) percentage units, from (but excluding) the relevant due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment. STIBOR shall be determined for each weekly period of delay. Default interest shall, however, subject to Condition 7.2, never be less than the Interest Rate plus two (2) percentage units. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
5
8 Early redemption in the event of change of control
8.1 Provided that the Agent has given notice to the Holders that someone is unconditionally obligated to make an offer to the relevant stock market to acquire all of the shares of the Company pursuant to the Swedish Act on Public Acquisition Offerings (2006:451) each Holder may individually within 30 Banking Days from being so notified call for an early redemption of all Bonds of that Holder in their entirety. A call for early redemption shall be made in writing in accordance with Condition 16.
8.2 The Company shall redeem the relevant Bonds according to Condition 8.1 on the last Banking Day which falls in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which the relevant notice for an early redemption call was received, provided that the relevant Holder's Bonds have been blocked for further transfer not later than on the fifth (5th) Banking Day preceding such date. Each Bond shall be redeemed at the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Condition 4.
9 Early redemption by the Company
The Company may redeem all, but not less than all, Bonds on any Banking Day falling after the second (2nd) anniversary of the Issue Date by giving the Holders notice in accordance with Condition 16 not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the proposed Early Redemption Date. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the Early Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date. Each Bond shall be redeemed at an early redemption amount equal to:
(a) 104.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount, if early redemption occurs during the period from the second (2nd) anniversary of the Issue Date up to and including the third (3rd) anniversary of the Issue Date;
(b) 102.50 per cent of the Nominal Amount, if early redemption occurs during the period from the third (3rd) anniversary of the Issue Date up to and including the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Issue Date; and
