11.6
8
action in relation thereto and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Condition 12. If the Holders decide to accelerate the redemption of the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds redeemable in accordance with Condition 11.1. If the relevant circumstance described in Condition 11.1 is then no longer continuing according to the Agent's appraisal, the Agent is not liable to execute the acceleration of the early redemption of the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the relevant circumstance described in Condition 11.1 is then no longer continuing. If any Holders, without prior initiative from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding early redemption of the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds early redeemable. The Agent is, however, not liable to take action if the Agent considers a cause for termination not to be at hand.
12 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.
12.1 General
Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Holders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless it is explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions and the Holders potential to start actions on behalf of the Holders is set out in these Terms and Conditions.
12.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand from the Agent that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it is clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Condition 16 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote, in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
