(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand from the Agent that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it is clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.
9
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder is entitled to vote. Each Bond shall entitle its Holder to one vote. A Holder that holds more than one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative which represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by the Company or by a company within the same group as the Company (as this term is defined in Chapter 1 Section 11 and 12 in the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)) shall not entitle any voting right and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds. In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds when (1) one of the situations from a special undertaking in accordance with Condition 10 is waived, (2) change of Agent upon demand by the Company or the Holders, (3) amendment of a condition in these Terms and Conditions, subject to (ii) below; or
(ii) three quarters when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount and (3) amendment of the conditions in this Condition 12.2 (c).
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
(d) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through a ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(e) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is lead by that person until present and represented Holders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that has been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and draw up minutes in
10
