(e) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is lead by that person until present and represented Holders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that has been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and draw up minutes in
respect of the calculation. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard from unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard from answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(f) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate, a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
(g) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding on all Holders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
(h) The Company shall bear all cost for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
12.3 Replacement of Agent
The Agent may retire from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions provided that the Company has approved that a leading Swedish or international business bank or securities institution accedes as new agent at the same time as the present Agent retires. If the Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority or if a resolution is passed through Qualified Majority to replace the Agent, the Company shall immediately appoint a new issuing agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent as agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
12.4 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent, the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 11.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 11 and 12.1.
