"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
1
Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and, (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available or the payment of a Restricted Payment or any Subsequent Bond Issue, which requires that the Maintenance Test is met, that the Maintenance Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bering Debt to Property Value, the Interest Coverage Ratio and the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"De-listing Event" means the situation where (i) the shares in the Issuer are not listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm or another Regulated Market or (ii) trading in the shares in the Issuer on the relevant Regulated Market is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
