"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for the relevant period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze and adjusted for any repayment of such interest bearing debt or incurrence of new interest bearing debt, respectively, during the period starting on the day falling immediately after the last day of the period covered by the latest consolidated Financial Report and ending on the relevant record date.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 4 {Use o f proceeds).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set forth in item (b) of the definition "Financial Indebtedness" above.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Profit Before Tax" means, for the Relevant Period, the Group's consolidated profit Jpefore tax (Sw. resultatföre skatt) according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
