13.5.1 Value Adjusted Equity Ratio
13.5.2 Liquidity
The Issuer shall ensure that it maintains Cash and Cash Equivalents in an amount of no less than NOK 75 million on an unconsolidated basis, at all times. 13.5.3 Gross Unsecured Debt Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the ratio of Gross Unsecured Debt to Value Adjusted Total Assets (on a consolidated basis) shall not exceed 20%. at all times. The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be certified by the Issuer with each annual and quarterly financial statement. 13.6 Vessel Covenants 13.6.1 Vessel Management The Issuer shall carry out all operational, technical and commercial management of the Vessels according to existing Management Agreements or any new Management Agreements which shall be entered into on no less favourable terms as being the practise of the Issuer at the time o f the Bond Issue. The Issuer shall ensure that no changes or amendments are made to any Management Agreement which may have a Material Adverse Effect. 13.6.2 Insurances The Issuer shall procure that each subsidiary will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its vessels, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practise. 13.6.3 Areas of operation The Issuer shall ensure that none o f the Vessels are operating in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country being subject to Sanctions.
NT
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective o f such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder o f any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
