12
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Subordinated Loans" means (i) any loans of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such loans (A) according to its terms and pursuant to an intercreditor agreement satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably) between the relevant creditor and the Agent, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (B) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date, and (C) according to its terms yield payment-in-kind interest, (ii) Shareholder Loans, (iii) Remaining Mezzanine Debt, (iv) Vendor Loans, (v) Convertible Debt Instruments and (vi) any loan incurred on a deeply subordinated basis (Sw. förlagslån).
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiaries Permitted for Discontinuation" means means Candyking Czech Republic, reg.no. 24743747, Candyking Poland Sp. z o o , reg. no. 0000347591, Candyking Slovakia S.r.o., reg. no. 45896054 and Candyking Hungary Kft., reg. no. 01-09-973837.
"Subsidiary" means a subsidiary of the Issuer according to Chapter 1 Section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act (or under such provision as may replace this provision).
"Swedish Government Note Rate" means the interpolated SGB rate between the SGB 12 July 2016 (series 1050) and the SGB 12 August 2017 (series 1051) (mid rates), as determined by the Issuing Agent on or about 11.00 am on the date of the notification of redemption. If a quote for any aforementioned SGB rate is unavailable on the relevant date, the Issuing Agent may select a SGB rate it deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably).
