following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
10.5 Mandatory Partial Redemption due to a Cash Sweep Event
(a) If the Group, according to a Cash Report delivered to the Agent, holds Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments in excess of SEK 50,000,000 (a "Cash Sweep Event"), the Issuer shall make a partial prepayment in the amount of the Prepayment Amount by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata, provided that no such prepayment shall be made (a) before the date falling twelve (12) months after the First Issue Date or (b) with proceeds from an Equity Listing Event. The prepayment shall be made together with accrued but unpaid interest on the Prepayment Amount plus a premium of two (2.00) per cent. of the Prepayment Amount.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.5(a) shall be made by the Issuer on the first Interest Payment Date falling after the delivery of the Cash Report to the Agent and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant repayment date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
10.6 Mandatory Total Prepayment upon minimum outstanding Bonds
(a) If the Total Nominal Amount falls below twenty (20) per cent. of the initial aggregate Nominal Amount on the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all outstanding Bonds in full with an amount per Bond equal to 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Prepayment in accordance with Clause 10.6(a) shall be made by the Issuer without undue delay (but in any case within sixty (60) Business Days) following the event set out in Clause 10.6(a) and giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
10.7 Voluntary Partial Prepayment upon an Equity Listing Event
(a) The Issuer may, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds by up to forty (40) per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount, provided that such repayment is made with funds in an
