(b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of six (6) months has elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange.
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 103.25 per cent, of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds, less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the Call Option Repayment Date, to the First Call Date,
where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macauley duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation), and where the interest rate applied for the remaining interest payments shall equal the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Margin (however so that the interest rate can never fall below the Margin).
"Manager" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA .
"Management Agreement" means any agreement from time to time entered into with the Vessel Managers for technical and operational management of the Vessels.
"Mandatory Prepayment" means prepayment of bonds made in accordance with Clause 10.4.
"Margin" means 4.50 per cent, per annum.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Group's Vessels in USD, determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Vessels obtained from two Approved Shipbrokers. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually on each Calculation Date, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
