11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
30 (54)
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata or on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata or on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports), however only once for each relevant reporting period as per Clause 13.20, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto with supporting documentation (including valuations stipulating the Market Value of the Vessels) evidencing compliance with the Minimum Liquidity, the Vessel LTV Ratio no later than 30 days after the relevant Calculation Dates, upon a Permitted Disposal (and the corresponding Mandatory Prepayment) or Tap Issue Test A occurring. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying i.a that the Financial Statements are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.17 {Financial Covenants) as at such date.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 {Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
