3. Ranking and priority:
5. Shareholder Loans:
EXECUTION VERSION
Parties will (to the extent permitted by applicable law and practically possible) be a single security package on first priority, in respect of the Secured Obligations, which will be held pursuant to applicable law and the intercreditor arrangements of the Intercreditor Agreement, and the Security Agent will be appointed as initial security agent to hold the security to be provided under the Security Documents (unless otherwise set out in the Intercreditor Agreement for any Permitted Security not to be shared among the Secured Parties) on behalf of each of the Secured Parties.
The waterfall arrangements in the Intercreditor Agreement will reflect the super senior ranking of the Revolving Credit Facility and any Permitted Hedging Obligations (pari passu). The Intercreditor Agreement will incorporate, amongst others, the principles set out in the following paragraphs.
Each of the Parties will agree that (i) the Secured Obligations arising out of the Bond Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility, the Permitted Hedging Obligations and any New Debt (the "Senior Secured Obligations") shall rank in right and priority of payment (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, including the principles set out in "Payment waterfall" below regarding super senior ranking of the Revolving Credit Facility and any Permitted Hedging Obligations with respect to application of Enforcement Proceeds) pari passu and without any preference between them.
Each of the Parties will agree that the security granted by the Obligors under the Security Documents, shall be on first priority and rank and secure the Secured Obligations (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) pari passu and without any preference between them (to the extent that such Security Documents are expressed to secure those liabilities). The security shall be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement.
Any Intercompany Loan granted to the Issuer or a Material Group Company shall be fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations and subject to first priority assignment in favour of the Senior Creditors, subject to the "Payment waterfall" below. The Intercreditor Agreement shall include provisions for turnover of payments received under any Intercompany Loan in conflict with these intercreditor principles or the Term Sheet.
Any Shareholder Loan shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations and subject to first priority assignment in favour of the Senior Creditors, subject to the "Payment waterfall" below. Any repayment of, or payment of interest under, any Shareholder Loan shall (unless such repayment or payment is a Permitted Distribution) be subject to all present and future obligations and liabilities under the Secured Obligations having been discharged in full. The Intercreditor Agreement shall include provisions for turnover of payments received under any Shareholder Loan in conflict with
