"Group Net Debt" means, on a Group consolidated basis, (i) the aggregate amount of all interest-bearing obligations (including financial lease obligations which according to the Accounting Principles shall be treated as debt, however, not including current or future leases, which as of the date hereof are considered as not being financial leases) less (ii) cash in hand, immediately available funds, and any other liquid and marketable instruments, securities and other short term investments equivalent to cash.
"Guaranteed Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities owed by the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.3.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Financial Net Payable.
"Interest Payment Date" means 25 April, 25 July, 25 October and 25 January of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date shall be 25 July 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Maturity Date (or any Redemption Date prior thereto).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus 3.00 per cent. per annum.
