(b) any distribution (as further described in sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vii) of the definition of Restricted Payment, a distribution) does not in aggregate during any Financial Year (including the distribution in question) exceed 50 per cent. of the Group's consolidated net cash flow for the previous Financial Year calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Listing Failure" means that the Issuer on the date falling one hundred twenty (120) calendar days from the Issue Date has failed to ensure that the Notes are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or, if such listing is not possible to obtain, on another Regulated Market in accordance with Clause 13.12 (Listing o fNotes).
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, affecting the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions, or (b) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer and each of the Restricted Companies, as well as any other Group Company with earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated on the same basis as EBITDA representing five (5) per cent. or more of EBITDA, or has total assets representing five (5) per cent. or more of the total assets of the Group, calculated on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the issue of the Notes which, after deduction has been made for certain agreed Transaction Costs and subject to satisfaction of the conditions for disbursement set out in Clause 4 (Conditionsfor disbursement), shall be transferred to the Issuer in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of each Note the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which that Note has been redeemed in part pursuant to Clause 10.1 (Scheduled redemption) or Clause 10.5 (Mandatory partial redemption).
"Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee förvaltare) with respect to a Note.
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Noteholders'Meeting).
LEGAL#9321348v 15
