"Cash" means cash in hand held by the Issuer or with a reputable bank credited to an account in the name of the Issuer and in each case to which the Issuer is beneficially and legally entitled and which is immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, not including e.g. any cash subject to a pledge or similar arrangement or any amount standing on client accounts).
(a) one person (or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related, (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert), acquiring 50 per cent. or more of the shares in the Issuer or otherwise establishing control over 50 per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer; or
(b) all or part of the shares in the Issuer cease to be listed on a Regulated Market.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer (i) certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available or following the request of the Agent, including relevant calculations and figures, as specified in a template form attached to the Agency Agreement or as otherwise agreed between the Agent and the Issuer.
"Crane Lease" means the lease made between Arise Kran AB as lessee and Nordea Bank AB (publ) as lessor of a crane used for erecting wind turbine generators.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Deposit Account" means a bank account held in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank and pledged under the Deposit Account Pledge Agreement.
"Deposit Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Agent and the Issuer prior to the Issue Date pursuant to which the Issuer pledges with first ranking security the Deposit Account and all funds credited to the Deposit Account from time to time, in favour of the Secured Parties.
