(c) The Trustee may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.2(b) is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Trustee does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation and evidence. The Trustee does not have any obligation to review the document and evidence referred to in Clause 4.2(b) above from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.
(e) If the documentation and evidence delivered pursuant to Clause 4.2(b) have not been fulfilled within sixty (60) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Trustee when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Trustee.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Trustee, as notified by the Trustee, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such
16
