14.10 Acceleration of the Bonds
(b) The Trustee may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14.10(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(c) The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Trustee decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
29
(d) If the Bondholders instruct (representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such instruction may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly)) the Trustee to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall, provided that the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any) has been complied with, promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as, in the opinion of the Trustee, may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 14.10, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with a premium on the due and payable amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the Make Whole Amount (plus accrued and unpaid Interest).
15. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) Subject to the clause regulating Application of Proceeds under the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), upon enforcement of Transaction Security and/or Guarantee or other enforcement action, all proceeds shall be made and/or distributed in the following order of priority:
