(d) All financial statement information shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS as in effect on the date of such report or financial statement (or otherwise on the basis of IFRS as then in effect) and on a consistent basis for the periods presented, except as may otherwise be described in such information; provided, however, that the reports set forth in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of Section 4.10(a) may, in the event of a change in IFRS, present earlier periods on a basis that applied to such periods. References to the Issuer in Section 4.10(a)(ii) will be deemed to be references to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer with respect to the quarter ending September 30, 2015; provided that such report and financial statements shall include a reasonably detailed description of the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries. In addition, to the extent comparable consolidated or condensed financial information of the Issuer does not exist for any prior period, the combined financial information of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may be provided in lieu thereof. No report need include separate financial statements for any Subsidiaries of the Issuer or any disclosure with respect to the results of operations or any other financial or statistical disclosure not of a type included in the Offering Memorandum. In addition, the reports set forth above will not be required to contain any reconciliation to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
- 105 -
(e) At any time that any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries are Unrestricted Subsidiaries and any such Unrestricted Subsidiary or a group of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, would (if it were restricted) constitute a Significant Subsidiary of the Issuer, then the quarterly and annual financial information required pursuant to Section 4.10(a) shall include a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, of the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer.
(f) All reports provided pursuant to this Section 4.10 shall be made in the English language.
(g) In the event that (i) the Issuer becomes subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or elects to comply with such provisions, for so long as it continues to file the reports required by Section 13(a) with the SEC or (ii) the Issuer elects to provide to the Trustee reports which, if filed with the SEC, would satisfy (in the good faith judgment of the Issuer) the reporting requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (other than the provision of U.S. GAAP information, certifications, exhibits or information as to internal controls and procedures), for so long as it elects, the Issuer will make available to the Trustee such annual reports, information, documents and other reports that the Issuer is, or would be, required to file with the SEC pursuant to such Section 13(a) or 15(d). Upon complying with the foregoing requirement, the Issuer will be deemed to have complied with the provisions set forth in this Section 4.10.
(h) Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee's receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including Issuer's compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer's Certificates).
Section 4.11. Investment Grade Status.
Suspension of Covenants on Achievement of
If, on any date following the Completion Date, the Notes have achieved Investment Grade Status, and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (a "Suspension Event"), then, beginning on that day and continuing until such time, if any, at which the Notes cease to have Investment Grade Status (the "Reversion Date""), Section 4.01, Section 4.02, Section 4.04, Section 4.05, Section 4.06 and Section 5.01(a)(i)(C) of this Indenture and, in each case, any related default provision of this Indenture, will cease to be effective and will not be applicable to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Such sections and any related default provisions will again apply according to their terms from the first day on which a Suspension Event ceases to be in effect. Such sections will not, however, be of any effect with regard to actions of the
