(g) The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Section 4.15. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of this Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions of this Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
Subject to the Agreed Security Principles, the Issuer and each Guarantor shall (and the Issuer shall procure that each of its Subsidiaries take all such action as is available to it (including making all filings and registrations) as may be reasonably necessary for the purpose of the creation, perfection, protection or maintenance of any Collateral conferred or intended to be conferred on the Security Agent by or pursuant to the Security Documents.
Section 4.17. Compliance Certificate. The Issuer will deliver to the Trustee no later than the date on which the Issuer is required to deliver annual reports pursuant to Section 4.10, an Officer's Certificate stating that in the course of the performance by the relevant officers of their respective duties as an officer of the Issuer they would normally have knowledge of any Default and whether or not such officers know of any Default that occurred during such period and, if any, specifying such Default, its status and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.
- 114 -
LO\5845724.11
Section 4.18. Limitation on Activities of Cayman 1 Prior to the Debt Assumption. On or prior to the Completion Date:
(a) Cayman 1 shall not engage in or undertake any activity, except (i) any activity reasonably relating to, or undertaken with the purpose of, and related to, fulfilling any obligations relating to (x) the offering, sale, issuance and servicing, purchase, redemption or retirement of the Notes, lending or otherwise advancing or transferring the proceeds thereof to Verisure Midholding AB (publ) in connection with the Debt Assumption and (y) the Transactions described in the Offering Memorandum; (ii) any activity undertaken with the purpose of fulfilling any other obligations under the Notes and any other document to which it is a party; (iii) any activity related to the establishment and/or maintenance of the Issuer's corporate existence or otherwise complying with applicable law; and (iv) other activities not specifically enumerated above that are de minimis in nature.
(b) Cayman 1 shall not transfer or assign any of its assets except to effect, or otherwise in connection with, the Debt Assumption.
(c) Cayman 1 (to the extent it is within its power to do so) shall not commence or take any action or facilitate a winding-up, liquidation or other analogous proceeding in respect of Cayman 1.
