(b) Cayman 1 shall not transfer or assign any of its assets except to effect, or otherwise in connection with, the Debt Assumption.
Following consummation of the Debt Assumption, this Section 4.18 will be of no further force or effect.
Section 4.19. Debt Assumption. In connection with the Debt Assumption and upon the occurrence of the Effective Date, (1) Verisure Midholding AB (publ) and the Trustee will execute and deliver a Note Accession Agreement in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit A-2, pursuant to which Verisure Midholding AB (publ) will accede to the Notes, as issuer, and (2) Verisure Midholding AB (publ) and the Trustee will execute and deliver an Accession Agreement in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit C pursuant to which Verisure Midholding AB (publ) will accede to this Indenture, as issuer, and assume (on the date of such Accession Agreement) all of the obligations of Cayman 1 under the Notes and this Indenture. Upon the occurrence of the Effective Date (as defined in the Release Letter), Cayman 1 shall be fully released from all of its obligations under the Notes and this Indenture.
(a) In connection with the Debt Assumption and upon the occurrence of the Effective Date, Verisure Midholding AB (publ), as issuer, will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under this Indenture, and upon such substitution, the predecessor Issuer will be released from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes. Each Holder by accepting a Note agrees to Verisure Midholding AB (publ) succeeding to the obligations of Cayman 1.
(b) In connection with the Debt Assumption and upon the occurrence of the Effective Date, without the consent of any Holder, the Initial Guarantor shall
- 115 -
LO\5845724.11
execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental Indenture in the form set forth in Exhibit C hereto.
(c) The Trustee will sign any Note Accession Agreement, the Accession Agreement and supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Section 4.19. In executing a Note Accession Agreement, Accession Agreement and supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive and (subject to Section 7.01) will be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section 13.03, an Officer's Certificate and Opinions of Counsel.
