execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental Indenture in the form set forth in Exhibit C hereto.
(d) In connection with the Debt Assumption, the Trustee and the Security Agent will execute the Intercreditor Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof. In executing the Intercreditor Agreement (or any accession deed or other agreement or document to accede to the Intercreditor Agreement), the Trustee will be entitled to receive and (subject to Section 7.01) will be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section 13.03, an Officer's Certificate and Opinions of Counsel.
(e)
In connection with the Debt Assumption, the Security Agent will
execute the Security Documents listed in Schedule 1 hereto pursuant to the terms thereof.
Section 4.20. Maintenance of Listing. The Issuer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market for so long as such Notes are outstanding; provided that if at any time the Issuer determines that it will not list the Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, it will obtain prior to the delisting of the Notes from the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and thereafter use its commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain, a listing of such Notes on such other "recognized stock exchange" as defined in Section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 of the United Kingdom.
Section 4.21. Maintenance of Rating. The Issuer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Notes are continuously rated by any two of (a) S&P, (b) Moody's, (c) Fitch and (d) any other Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Agency for so long as the Senior Secured Notes issued in connection with the Transactions following the Completion Date (or any senior secured notes issued to refinance such Senior Secured Notes) are remain rated by any two such Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Agencies.
LO\5845724.11
- 116 -
