Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if a Default occurs for a failure to deliver a required certificate in connection with another default (an "Initial Default") then at the time such Initial Default is cured, such Default for a failure to report or deliver a required certificate in connection with the Initial Default will also be cured without any further action and (ii) any Default or Event of Default for the failure to comply with the time periods prescribed in Section 4.10, or otherwise to deliver any notice or certificate pursuant to any other provision of this Indenture shall be deemed to be cured upon the delivery of any such report required by such covenant or notice or certificate, as applicable, even though such delivery is not within the prescribed period specified in this Indenture.
Section 6.03. Acceleration. (a) If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in Section 6.01(e) or Section 6.01(f) above) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Issuer or the Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate euro equivalent principal amount of the outstanding Notes under this Indenture (calculated by reference to the Completion Date Conversion Rate) by written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such Holders shall,
- 123 -
LO\5845724.11
declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Notes under this Indenture to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration, such principal, premium and accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable immediately. In the event of a declaration of acceleration of the Notes because an Event of Default described in Section 6.01(d) has occurred and is continuing, the declaration of acceleration of the Notes shall be automatically annulled if the event of default or payment default triggering such Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(d) shall be remedied or cured, or waived by the holders of the Indebtedness, or the Indebtedness that gave rise to such Event of Default shall have been discharged in full, within 30 days after the declaration of acceleration with respect thereto and if (1) the annulment of the acceleration of the Notes would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) all existing Events of Default, except nonpayment of principal, premium or interest on the Notes that became due solely because of the acceleration of the Notes, have been cured or waived.
(b) If an Event of Default described in Section 6.01(e) or Section 6.01(f) above occurs and is continuing, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holders.
Section 6.04. Other Remedies. Subject to Articles XI and XII and to the duties of the Trustee as provided for in Article VII, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of principal of or interest on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture.
The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. No remedy is exclusive of any other remedy. All available remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law.
To the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee may direct the Security Agent (subject to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) to take enforcement action with respect to the Collateral if any amount is declared or becomes due and payable pursuant to Section 6.02 (but not otherwise).
