The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. No remedy is exclusive of any other remedy. All available remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law.
Section 6.05. Waiver of Past Defaults. Holders of a majority in aggregate euro equivalent principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (calculated by reference to the Completion Date Conversion Rate) by notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, waive all past or existing Defaults or Events of Default (except with respect to nonpayment of principal, premium, interest or Additional Amounts, if any, which shall require the consent of each Holder affected thereby unless
- 124 -
LO\5845724.11
Holders of not less than 90% in then outstanding aggregate euro equivalent principal amount (calculated by reference to the Completion Date Conversion Rate) waive such Default or Event of Default) and rescind any such acceleration with respect to such Notes and its consequences if rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction.
Section 6.06. Control by Majority. The Holders of a majority in euro equivalent principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (calculated by reference to the Completion Date Conversion Rate) may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture or, subject to Section 7.01, that the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders or would involve the Trustee in personal liability; provided, however, that the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction.
Section 6.07. Limitation on Suits. (i) Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal or interest when due, no Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes unless:
(A) the Holder has previously given to the Trustee notice that an Event of Default is continuing;
(B) the Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate euro equivalent principal amount of the outstanding Notes then outstanding (calculated by reference to the Completion Date Conversion Rate) make a request to the Trustee to pursue the remedy;
