Holder.
LO\5845724.11
Section 6.08. Rights of Holders to Receive Payment. Subject to Section 9.02, the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of and interest on the Notes held by such Holder, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in the Notes, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.
Section 6.09. Collection Suit by Trustee. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Issuer or any other obligor on the Notes for the whole amount then due and owing (together with interest on any unpaid interest to the extent lawful) and the amounts provided for in Section 7.07.
Section 6.10. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee may file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and take such actions as may be necessary or advisable (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) in order to have the claims of the Trustee and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer (or any other obligor upon the Notes) or any Guarantor, their creditors or their property and, shall be entitled and empowered to collect, receive and distribute any money or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and any custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee consents to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities of any series or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.
Section 6.11. Priorities. If the Trustee or the Security Agent collects any money or property pursuant to this Article VI, it shall, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, pay out the money or property in the following order:
- 126 -
LO\5845724.11
FIRST: to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Security Agent for amounts due under Section 7.02, Section 7.07 and Section 11.06;
