LO\5845724.11
SECOND: to Holders for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal and interest, ratably, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement;
THIRD: to the Issuer or to such party as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct.
The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders pursuant to this Section 6.11. At least 15 days before such record date, the Trustee shall mail to each Holder and the Issuer a notice that states the record date, the payment date and amount to be paid.
Section 6.12. Undertaking for Costs. In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee or the Security Agent for any action taken or omitted by it as the Trustee or the Security Agent, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 6.12 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, the Security Agent or a Paying Agent, a suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 6.08 or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.
Section 6.13. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws. The Issuer (to the extent it may lawfully do so) shall not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Issuer (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and shall not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.
Section 6.14. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Trustee or the Security Agent or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or the Security Agent or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Issuer, any Guarantor, the Trustee, the Security Agent and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee, the Security Agent and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.
Section 6.15. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or
- 127 -
