Section 6.15. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or
LO\5845724.11
stolen Notes in Section 2.08, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee, or the Security Agent or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.
Section 6.16. Delay or Omission Not Waiver. No delay or omission of the Trustee, or the Security Agent or of any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article VI or by law to the Trustee, or the Security Agent or to the Holders, may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be.
Section 6.17. Indemnification of Trustee. Prior to taking any action under this Article VI, the Trustee shall be entitled to indemnification or other security satisfactory to it in its sole discretion against all losses, liabilities and expenses caused by taking or not taking such action.
ARTICLE VII
TRUSTEE
Section 7.01. Duties of Trustee. (i) If an Event of Default, of which the Trustee has actual knowledge, has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture or an indenture supplement hereto and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person's own affairs.
(ii) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:
