a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall be specifically notified in writing of such Default or Event of Default by the Issuer or by the Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate euro equivalent principal amount of the outstanding Notes then outstanding (calculated by reference to the Completion Date Conversion Rate), at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture.
(xxiv) The Agents shall only be obliged to perform those duties expressly set out in this Indenture and no implied obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Agents. No Agents shall have any fiduciary duty or other obligation towards, or have any relationship of agency or trust, for or with any party other than the Issuer or, pursuant to Section 7.12 hereof, the Trustee.
Section 7.03. Individual Rights of Trustee. The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, any Agent, Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Authenticating Agent, Calculation Agent or Registrar may do the same with like rights.
Section 7.04. Trustee's Disclaimer. The Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Documents or the Notes or the Guarantees or any other Senior Notes Document or the Collateral, it shall not be accountable for the Issuer's use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Issuer or upon the Issuer's direction under any provision of this Indenture, and it shall not be responsible for any statement of the Issuer in this Indenture, the Offering Memorandum or any document issued in connection with the sale of the Notes or in the Notes other than the Trustee's certificate of authentication if signed by the Trustee. The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of the identity of any Significant Subsidiary unless either (a) an Officer shall have actual knowledge thereof or (b) the Trustee shall have received notice thereof in accordance with Section 13.01 hereof from the Issuer or any Holder. Nothing hereunder shall require the Trustee to file any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or otherwise perfecting or maintain the perfection of any Lien or security interest in the Collateral.
Section 7.05. Notice of Defaults. If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and a Responsible Officer of the Trustee is informed of such occurrence by the Issuer, the Trustee must give notice of the Default to the Holders within 60 days after being notified by the Issuer. Except in the case of a Default in
- 135 -
LO\5845724.11
payment of principal of or interest or premium, if any, on any Note, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its trust officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Holders.
Section 7.06. [Reserved].
