payment of principal of or interest or premium, if any, on any Note, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its trust officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Holders.
Section 7.07. Compensation and Indemnity. The Issuer, or, upon the failure of the Issuer to pay, each Guarantor (if any), jointly and severally, shall pay to the Trustee from time to time such fees, costs, expenses and compensation as the Issuer and Trustee may from time to time agree for its acceptance of this Indenture and services hereunder and under the Senior Notes Documents. The Trustee's compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust.
In the event of the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Trustee considering it expedient or necessary or being requested by the Issuer to undertake duties which the Trustee reasonably determines to be of an exceptional nature or otherwise outside the scope of the normal duties of the Trustee, the Issuer, or, upon the failure of the Issuer to pay, each Guarantor, jointly and severally, shall pay to the Trustee promptly upon request for all such additional remuneration for such duties. Such expenses include the properly incurred compensation, disbursements, expenses and advances of the Trustee's agents, counsel, accountants and experts.
The Issuer and each Guarantor (if any), jointly and severally, shall reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all properly incurred disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it (as evidenced in an invoice from the Trustee), including costs of collection, in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the properly incurred compensation and expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee's agents, counsel, accountants and experts. The Issuer and each Guarantor (if any), jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Trustee, the Agents and their respective officers, directors, agents and employers against any and all loss, liability, taxes or expenses (including properly incurred attorneys' fees) incurred by or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture and the Senior Notes Documents, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Issuer (including this Section 7.07) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Issuer or any Holder or any other person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, under the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or the Senior Notes Documents, as the case may be.
The Trustee shall notify the Issuer of any claim for which it may seek indemnity promptly upon obtaining actual knowledge thereof; provided, however, that any failure so to notify the Issuer shall not relieve the Issuer or any Guarantor of its indemnity obligations hereunder, under the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or any other Senior Notes Documents, as the case may be. Except in cases where the interests of the Issuer and the Trustee may be adverse, the
- 136 -
LO\5845724.11
Issuer shall defend the claim and the indemnified party shall provide reasonable cooperation at the Issuer's and any Guarantor's expense in the defense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such indemnified party may, in its sole discretion, assume the defense of the claim against it and the Issuer and any Guarantor shall, jointly and severally, pay the properly incurred fees and expenses of the indemnified party's defense (as evidenced in an invoice from the Trustee). Such indemnified parties may have separate counsel of their choosing and the Issuer and any Guarantor, jointly and severally, shall pay the properly incurred fees and expenses of such counsel (as evidenced in an invoice from the Trustee). The Issuer need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Issuer need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by an indemnified party through such party's own willful misconduct, gross negligence or bad faith.
To secure the Issuer's and any Guarantor's payment obligations in this Section 7.07, the Trustee and the Agents have a lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee other than money or property held in trust to pay principal of and interest on particular Notes.
