Issuer shall defend the claim and the indemnified party shall provide reasonable cooperation at the Issuer's and any Guarantor's expense in the defense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such indemnified party may, in its sole discretion, assume the defense of the claim against it and the Issuer and any Guarantor shall, jointly and severally, pay the properly incurred fees and expenses of the indemnified party's defense (as evidenced in an invoice from the Trustee). Such indemnified parties may have separate counsel of their choosing and the Issuer and any Guarantor, jointly and severally, shall pay the properly incurred fees and expenses of such counsel (as evidenced in an invoice from the Trustee). The Issuer need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Issuer need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by an indemnified party through such party's own willful misconduct, gross negligence or bad faith.
The Issuer's and any Guarantor's payment obligations pursuant to this Section and any lien arising thereunder shall survive the satisfaction or discharge of this Indenture, any rejection or termination of this Indenture under any Bankruptcy Law or the resignation or removal of the Trustee and the Agents. Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee and the Agents under applicable law, when the Trustee and the Paying Agents incur expenses after the occurrence of a Default specified in Section 6.01(e) and Section 6.01(f) with respect to the Issuer, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Law.
For the avoidance of doubt, the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee in this Section 7.07, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, under the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and by each Agent, custodian and other Person employed with due care to act as agent hereunder. For purposes of this Section 7.07, "Trustee" shall include any predecessor Trustee; provided, however, that the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Trustee shall not affect the rights of any other Trustee hereunder.
Section 7.08. Replacement of Trustee. (i) The Trustee may resign at any time by so notifying the Issuer. The Holders of a majority in euro equivalent principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (calculated by reference to the Completion Date Conversion Rate) may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and may appoint a successor Trustee. The Issuer shall be entitled to remove the Trustee or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder for not less than six months may petition any court for removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee, if:
(A) the Trustee has or acquires a conflict of interest that
- 137 -
LO\5845724.11
is not eliminated;
(B) the Trustee is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent;
