is not eliminated;
(C) a receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or;
(D) the Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting as Trustee hereunder.
(ii) If the Trustee resigns, is removed pursuant to Section 7.08(i) or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason (the Trustee in such event being referred to herein as the retiring Trustee), the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee.
(iii) A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuer. Thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture and the Senior Notes Documents. The successor Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided that all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the lien provided for in Section 7.07.
(iv) If a successor Trustee does not take office within 30 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, (i) the retiring Trustee or the Holders of 10% in principal amount of the Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee, or (ii) the retiring Trustee may appoint a successor Trustee at any time prior to the date on which a successor Trustee takes office; provided that such appointment is reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer.
(v) Notwithstanding the replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Issuer's obligations under Section 7.07 shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.
(vi) For the avoidance of doubt, the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee in this Article VII, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by each Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar employed to act hereunder.
Section 7.09. Successor Trustee by Merger. If the Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all its
