(vi) For the avoidance of doubt, the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee in this Article VII, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by each Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar employed to act hereunder.
- 138 -
LO\5845724.11
corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation or banking association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation without any further act shall be the successor Trustee.
In case at the time such successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor to the Trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have.
Section 7.10. [Reserved].
Section 7.11. Certain Provisions. Each Holder by accepting a Note authorizes and directs on his or her behalf the Trustee to enter into and to take such actions and to make such acknowledgements as are set forth in this Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement or other documents entered into in connection therewith.
The Trustee shall not be responsible for the legality, validity, effectiveness, suitability, adequacy or enforceability of the Security Documents or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created thereby or pursuant thereto or any security or the priority thereof constituted or purported to be constituted thereby or pursuant thereto, nor shall it be responsible or liable to any person because of any invalidity of any provision of such documents or the unenforceability thereof, whether arising from statute, law or decision of any court. The Trustee shall be under no obligation to monitor or supervise the functions of the Security Agent under the Security Documents and shall be entitled to assume that the Security Agent is properly performing its functions and obligations thereunder and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any diminution in the value of or loss occasioned to the assets subject thereto by reason of the act or omission by the Security Agent in relation to its functions thereunder. The Trustee shall have no responsibility whatsoever to the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Holder as regards any deficiency which might arise because the Trustee is subject to any tax in respect of the Security Documents, the security created thereby or any part thereof or any income therefrom or any proceeds thereof.
Section 7.12. Agents; General Provisions.
