previously given or to take any such action, whether or not such Persons
valid or effective for more than 120 days after such record date.
Section 9.04. Notation on or Exchange of Notes. If an amendment changes the terms of a Note, the Trustee may require the Holder of the Note to deliver it to the Trustee. The Trustee may place an appropriate notation on the Note regarding the changed terms and return it to the Holder. Alternatively, if the Issuer or the Trustee so determines, the Issuer in exchange for the Note shall issue and the Trustee or an Authenticating Agent shall authenticate a new Note that reflects the changed terms. Failure to make the appropriate notation or to issue a new Note shall not affect the validity of such amendment.
Section 9.05. Trustee and Security Agent to Sign Amendments. The Trustee, the Issuer and the Security Agent shall sign any amendment authorized pursuant to this Article 9 if the amendment does not impose any personal obligations on the Trustee or the Security Agent or adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee and the Security Agent under this Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable. If it does, the Trustee or the Security Agent may, but need not, sign it. In signing such amendment the Trustee and the Security Agent shall be entitled to receive an indemnity and/or security satisfactory to it and to receive, and (subject to Section 7.01) shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that such amendment complies with this Indenture and that such amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered and is the legally valid and binding obligation of the Issuer and the Guarantors (if any) enforceable against them in accordance with its terms, subject to customary exceptions. Subject to this Section 9.05 and the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent shall at the direction of the Issuer sign amendments to this Indenture.
ARTICLE X
GUARANTEES
Section 10.01. Guarantees.
- 148 -
LO\5845724.11
