guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders, the Security Agent, and the Trustee, on the other hand,
(B) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article VI, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) will forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of this Guarantee. The Guarantors will have the right to seek contribution from any non paying Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantee.
(vii)
Each Guarantor also agrees to pay any and all costs and
expenses (including attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred by the Trustee
or the Security Agent in enforcing any rights under this Section.
Section 10.02. Successors and Assigns. This Article X shall be binding upon each Guarantor and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Trustee, the Security Agent and the Holders and, in the event of any transfer or assignment of rights by any Holder or the Trustee, the rights and privileges conferred upon that party in this Indenture and in the Notes shall automatically extend to and be vested in such transferee or assignee, all subject to the terms and conditions of this Indenture.
Each party to this Indenture hereby agrees and undertakes to execute and deliver all such documents and do all such acts and things which are legally required to fully and effectively give effect to this Section 10.02.
Section 10.03. No Waiver. Neither a failure nor a delay on the part of the Security Agent, the Trustee or the Holders in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Article X shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise of any right, power or privilege. The rights, remedies and benefits of the Security Agent, the Trustee and the Holders herein expressly specified are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights, remedies or benefits which either may have under this Article X at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.
