Each party to this Indenture hereby agrees and undertakes to execute and deliver all such documents and do all such acts and things which are legally required to fully and effectively give effect to this Section 10.02.
Section 10.04. Modification, No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Article X, nor the consent to any departure by any Guarantor therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed
- 151 -
LO\5845724.11
by the Trustee, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice to or demand on any Guarantor in any case shall entitle such Guarantor to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances.
Section 10.05. Execution of Supplemental Indenture for Guarantors. Each Subsidiary which is required to become a Guarantor pursuant to this Indenture shall promptly execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form attached to this Indenture as Exhibit B pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall become a Guarantor under this Article X. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of such supplemental indenture, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel and an Officer's Certificate to the effect that such supplemental indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Subsidiary and that, subject to the application of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or transfer and other similar laws relating to creditors' rights generally to the principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity, and any other matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations as to matters of law of general application, the Guarantee of such Guarantor is a legally valid and binding obligation of such Guarantor, enforceable against such Guarantor in accordance with its terms and to such other matters as the Trustee may reasonably request. The obligations of a Guarantor executing and delivering a supplemental indenture to this Indenture providing for a Guarantee of the Notes under this Article X shall be subject to such limitations as are mandated under applicable laws in addition to the limitations set forth in Section 10.07 and set out in the relevant supplemental indenture.
Section 10.06. Release of the Guarantees. (a) The Guarantee of a Guarantor will terminate:
(1)
upon a sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation
