For the purpose of this Section 10.07(f), "On-Lending Facilities''' means, in respect of a French Guarantor, the loans made available to such French Guarantor and/or its Subsidiaries as borrowers (including all interest, commissions, costs, fees, expenses and other sums accruing or payable in connection with such amount) to the extent that such loans are financed by way of amounts which are made available to such French Guarantor and/or its Subsidiaries by a Borrower (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreements and/or in the Senior Secured Bridge Facility Agreement (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement)) with the proceeds of any Facility (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreements and/or in the Senior Secured Bridge Facility Agreement (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement)) and/or by the Issuer with the proceeds of the Notes and/or by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer with the proceeds of the Senior Secured Notes, and on-lent (either directly or through one or more other Subsidiaries of the Borrower (as such terms are defined in the Senior Facilities Agreements and/or in the Senior Secured Bridge Facility Agreement (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement)) and/or the Issuer and/or the Senior Secured Notes Issuer) to, or used to refinance any indebtedness previously on-lent directly or indirectly to, such French Guarantor and/or its Subsidiaries.
Section 10.08. Non-Impairment. The failure to endorse a Guarantee on any Note shall not affect or impair the validity thereof.
- 157 -
LO\5845724.11
Section 10.09. Subordination of Guarantees. The obligations of each Guarantor under its Guarantee pursuant to this Article X will be subject to the terms of Article XII and to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement).
ARTICLE XI
COLLATERAL, SECURITY DOCUMENTS AND THE SECURITY AGENT
Section 11.01. Collateral and Security Documents.
(i) On the Completion Date, the payment obligations of the Issuer and each of the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees and this Indenture will, subject to the Agreed Security Principles and the Legal Reservations and subject to the limitations on obligations of Guarantors set out in Section 10.07 above, benefit from Liens granted under the Security Documents set forth in Schedule 1 on a second ranking priority basis pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement (the "Collateral'). If the First Lien Collateral extends to Liens over any rights, title and interest of the Issuer in respect of Indebtedness owed to it by a Restricted Subsidiary, the Issuer shall grant equivalent Liens in respect of the Notes on a second ranking basis pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement.
