Section 11.01. Collateral and Security Documents.
(ii) Each of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders agree that the Security Agent shall be the joint creditor (together with the Holders) of each and every obligation of the parties hereto under the Notes and this Indenture, and that accordingly the Security Agent will have its own independent right to demand performance by the Issuer of those obligations, except that such demand shall only be made with the prior written notice to the Trustee and as permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement. However, any discharge of such obligation to the Security Agent, on the one hand, or to the Trustee or the Holders, as applicable, on the other hand, shall, to the same extent, discharge the corresponding obligation owing to the other.
(iii) The Security Agent agrees that it will hold the security interests in the Collateral created under the Security Documents to which it is a party as contemplated by this Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement, and any and all proceeds thereof, for the benefit of, among others, the Trustee and the Holders, without limiting the Security Agent's rights including under Section 11.02, to act in preservation of the security interest in the Collateral. The Security Agent will, subject to being indemnified and/or secured in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, take action or refrain from taking action in connection
- 158 -
LO\5845724.11
therewith only as directed by the Trustee, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
(iv) Each Holder, by accepting a Note, shall be deemed to have agreed to all the terms and provisions of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement entered into in compliance with Section 4.12. The claims of Holders will be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement entered into in compliance with Section 4.12.
(v) Subject to Section 4.03(b) and Section 4.07, the Issuer is permitted to pledge the Collateral in connection with future issuances of its Indebtedness or Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any Additional Notes, in each case, permitted under this Indenture and on terms consistent with the relative priority of such Indebtedness.
Section 11.02. Suits To Protect the Collateral. Subject to the provisions of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent shall have power to institute and to maintain such suits and proceedings as it may deem expedient to prevent any impairment of the Collateral by any acts which may be unlawful or in violation of any of the Security Documents or this Indenture, and such suits and proceedings as the Security Agent, in its sole discretion, may deem expedient to preserve or protect the security interests in the Collateral created under the Security Documents (including power to institute and maintain suits or proceedings to restrain the enforcement of or compliance with any legislative or other governmental enactment, rule or order that may be unconstitutional or otherwise invalid if the enforcement of, or compliance with, such enactment, rule or order would impair the Lien on the Collateral or be prejudicial to the interests of the Holders or the Trustee).
