(v) Subject to Section 4.03(b) and Section 4.07, the Issuer is permitted to pledge the Collateral in connection with future issuances of its Indebtedness or Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any Additional Notes, in each case, permitted under this Indenture and on terms consistent with the relative priority of such Indebtedness.
Section 11.03. Resignation and Replacement of Security Agent. Any resignation or replacement of, the Security Agent shall be made in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
Section 11.04. Amendments. Subject to the rights and obligations of the Security Agent under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent agrees that it will enter into an amendment to the Intercreditor Agreement or enter into or amend any other Additional Intercreditor Agreement entered into in accordance with Section 4.12 upon a direction of the Trustee to do so, given in accordance with Section 4.12. The Security Agent shall sign any amendment authorized pursuant to Article 9 if the amendment does not adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Security Agent, subject to the rights and obligations of the Security Agent under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
Section 11.05. Release of Liens.
- 159 -
LO\5845724.11
(a) The Issuer and the Guarantors will be entitled to release the Security Interests in respect of the Collateral under any one or more of the following circumstances:
(1) in connection with any sale or other disposition of Collateral to (a) a Person that is not the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (but excluding any transaction subject to Article V), if such sale or other disposition does not violate Section 4.05 or is otherwise permitted in accordance with this Indenture or (b) any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that this clause (1)(b) shall not be relied upon in the case of a transfer of Capital Stock or of accounts receivable to a Restricted Subsidiary (other than in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing) unless the relevant property and assets remain subject to, or otherwise become subject to, a Lien in favor of the Notes following such sale or disposal;
(2) in the case of a Guarantor that is released from its Guarantee pursuant to the terms of this Indenture, the release of the property and assets, and Capital Stock, of such Guarantor;
