the Intercreditor Agreement, the authority granted to the Security Agent and the Trustee
Section 11.06. Compensation and Indemnity. The Issuer, failing which the Guarantors, if any, if any, to the extent legally possible and subject to the Agreed Security Principles and the Legal Reservations, shall pay to the Security Agent from time to time compensation for its services, subject to any terms of the Intercreditor Agreement as in effect from time to time which may address the compensation of the Security Agent. The Security Agent's compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer and each Guarantor, if any, jointly and severally, if any, to the extent legally possible and subject to the Agreed Security Principles and the Legal Reservations, shall reimburse the Security Agent upon request for all out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred or made by it (as evidenced in an invoice from the Security Agent), including costs of collection, in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the properly incurred compensation and expenses, disbursements and advances of the Security Agent's agents, counsel, accountants and experts. The Issuer and each Guarantor, if any, jointly and severally shall indemnify the Security Agent and its officers, directors, agents and employers against any and all loss, liability or expense (including properly incurred attorneys' fees) incurred by or in connection with its rights, duties, and obligations under this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or the Security Documents, as the case may be, including the properly incurred costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any such rights, powers or duties. The Security Agent shall notify the Issuer of any claim for which it may seek indemnity promptly upon obtaining actual
- 161 -
LO\5845724.11
knowledge thereof; provided, however, that any failure so to notify the Issuer shall not relieve the Issuer or any Guarantor of its indemnity obligations hereunder, under the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or the Security Documents, as the case may be. The Issuer shall defend the claim and the indemnified party shall provide cooperation at the Issuer's and any Guarantor's expense in the defense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such indemnified party may, in its sole discretion, assume the defense of the claim against it and the Issuer and each Guarantor, if any, shall, jointly and severally, pay the properly incurred fees and expenses of the indemnified party's defense (as evidenced in an invoice from the Security Agent). Such indemnified parties may have separate counsel of their choosing and the Issuer and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, if any, to the extent legally possible and subject to the Agreed Security Principles and the Legal Reservations, shall pay the properly incurred fees and expenses of such counsel (as evidenced in an invoice from the Security Agent). The Issuer need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Issuer need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by an indemnified party through such party's own willful misconduct or gross negligence.
To secure the Issuer's and any Guarantor's payment obligations in this Section 11.06, the Security Agent shall subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, have a lien on the Collateral and the proceeds of the enforcement of the Collateral for all monies payable to it under this Section 11.06.
The Issuer's and any Guarantor's payment obligations pursuant to this Section 11.06 and any lien arising hereunder shall, if any, to the extent legally possible and subject to the Agreed Security Principles and the Legal Reservations, survive the satisfaction or discharge of this Indenture, any rejection or termination of this Indenture under any bankruptcy law or the resignation or removal of the Security Agent. Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Security Agent under applicable law, when the Security Agent incurs expenses after the occurrence of a Default specified in Section 6.01(e) or Section 6.01(f) with respect to the Issuer, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Law.
Section 11.07. Conflicts. Each of the Issuer, the Guarantors (if any), the Trustee and the Holders acknowledge and agree that the Security Agent is acting as security agent and trustee not just on their behalf but also on behalf of the creditors named in the Intercreditor Agreement and acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent may be required by the terms thereof to act in a manner which may conflict with the interests of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders (including the Holders' interests in the Collateral and the Guarantees) and that it shall be entitled to do so in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
Section 11.08. Parallel Debt. (a) Without prejudice to the provisions of this Indenture and the Security Documents and for the purpose of preserving the initial
