Section 11.07. Conflicts. Each of the Issuer, the Guarantors (if any), the Trustee and the Holders acknowledge and agree that the Security Agent is acting as security agent and trustee not just on their behalf but also on behalf of the creditors named in the Intercreditor Agreement and acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent may be required by the terms thereof to act in a manner which may conflict with the interests of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders (including the Holders' interests in the Collateral and the Guarantees) and that it shall be entitled to do so in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
- 162 -
LO\5845724.11
and continuing validity of the security rights granted and to be granted by the Issuer and each Guarantor to the Security Agent, an amount equal to and in the same currency of the obligations under the Notes and the Guarantees from time to time due by the Issuer or such Guarantor in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes and Guarantees, including for the avoidance of doubt, the limitations set out under Section 10.07, shall be owing as a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and each Guarantor to the Security Agent (such payment undertaking and the obligations and liabilities which are the result thereof, the "Parallel Debt").
(b) The Issuer, each Guarantor and the Security Agent acknowledge that for this purpose the Parallel Debt undertakings set out in Section 19.3 (Parallel Debt (Covenant to pay the Security Agent)) of the Intercreditor Agreement are hereby expressly acknowledged and agreed to in respect of the Notes.
ARTICLE XII
SUBORDINATION
Section 12.01. Agreement to Subordinate. The Issuer and the Guarantors, if any, and each Holder by accepting a Note each agree, that the Indebtedness evidenced by the Guarantees is subordinated in right of payment, to the extent and in the manner provided in the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, to the prior payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness of the Guarantors (whether outstanding on the date hereof or hereafter created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed), and that the subordination is for the benefit of the holders of Senior Indebtedness of such Guarantors. Each Holder, by accepting the Notes, shall be deemed to have agreed to and accepted the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
Section 12.02. Authorization to Effect Subordination. Each Holder of Notes, by the Holder's acceptance thereof, authorizes and directs the Trustee on such Holder's behalf to take such action as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the subordination, as provided in the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and this Indenture, and appoints the Trustee to act as such Holder's attorneyin-fact for any and all such purposes.
