Section 12.01. Agreement to Subordinate. The Issuer and the Guarantors, if any, and each Holder by accepting a Note each agree, that the Indebtedness evidenced by the Guarantees is subordinated in right of payment, to the extent and in the manner provided in the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, to the prior payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness of the Guarantors (whether outstanding on the date hereof or hereafter created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed), and that the subordination is for the benefit of the holders of Senior Indebtedness of such Guarantors. Each Holder, by accepting the Notes, shall be deemed to have agreed to and accepted the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
Section 12.03. Reliance by Holders of Senior Indebtedness. Each Holder of Notes, by the Holder's acceptance thereof, acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing subordination provisions are, and are intended to be, an inducement and a consideration to each holder of Senior Indebtedness of the Guarantors, if any, regardless of whether such Senior Indebtedness was acquired before or after the issuance of any relevant Guarantee, to acquire and continue to hold, or to continue to hold, such Senior Indebtedness and such holder of Senior Indebtedness shall be deemed conclusively to have relied on such subordination provisions in acquiring and continuing to hold or in continuing to hold, such Senior Indebtedness.
- 163 -
LO\5845724.11
Section 12.04. Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement. This Indenture is entered into with the benefit of and subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything else contained herein or the Intercreditor Agreement, the rights, duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be governed by this Indenture.
ARTICLE XIII
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 13.01. Notices. Any notice or communication shall be in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first-class mail addressed as follows:
if to the Issuer:
