- 165 -
Any notice or communication sent to a Holder of Definitive Registered Notes shall be in writing and shall be made by first-class mail, postage prepaid, or by hand delivery to the Holder at the Holder's address as it appears on the registration books of the Registrar, with a copy to the Trustee.
For so long as any of the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, notices with respect to the Notes of the Issuer will be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, such notices will be posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In addition, for so long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes, all notices to Holders of the Notes will be delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, in lieu of the aforesaid mailing.
Notices given by first-class mail, postage prepaid, will be deemed given five calendar days after mailing. Notices given by publication will be deemed given on the first date on which any of the required publications is made, or if published more than once on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made; provided that, if notices are mailed, such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the later of such publication and the seventh day after being so mailed. Any notice or communication mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to such Person by first-class mail or other equivalent means and shall be sufficiently given to such Holder if so mailed within the time prescribed. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
Section 13.02. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. Upon any request or application by the Issuer to the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action under this Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee:
(i) an Officer's Certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and any other matters that the Trustee may reasonably request; and
(ii) if requested by the Trustee, an Opinion of Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent have been complied with and any other matters that the Trustee may reasonably request.
LO\5845724.11
- 166 -
