LO\5845724.11
Section 13.03. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion. Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a covenant or condition provided for in this Indenture shall include:
(i) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition;
(ii) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;
(iii) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, such Person has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable that Person to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and
(iv) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such covenant or condition has been complied with.
Section 13.04. When Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Issuer or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding, except that, for the purpose of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes which the Trustee knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Subject to the foregoing, only Notes outstanding at the time shall be considered in any such determination.
Section 13.05. Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent and Registrar. The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or a meeting of Holders. The Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent may make reasonable rules for their functions.
Section 13.06. Legal Holidays. If a payment date is a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening period. If a regular record date is not a Business Day, the record date shall not be affected.
