Section 13.05. Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent and Registrar. The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or a meeting of Holders. The Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent may make reasonable rules for their functions.
Section 13.07. Governing Law. This Indenture and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Section 13.08. Consent to Jurisdiction and Service. The Issuer and each Guarantor (if any) irrevocably (i) agree that any legal suit, action or proceeding against the Issuer or any Guarantor arising out of or based upon this Indenture, the Notes or any Guarantee or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in any U.S.
- 167 -
LO\5845724.11
Federal or state court in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York court and (ii) waive, to the fullest extent they may effectively do so, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding. Cayman 1 has appointed (and Verisure Midholding AB (publ) and any Subsidiary becoming a Guarantor shall appoint) CT Corporation, 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011, as their authorized agent (the "Authorized Agent") upon whom process may be served in any such action arising out of or based on this Indenture, the Notes or the transactions contemplated hereby which may be instituted in any New York court, expressly consent to the jurisdiction of any such court in respect of any such action, and waive any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto. Such appointment shall be irrevocable. The Issuer and each Guarantor represents and warrants that the Authorized Agent has agreed to act as such agent for service of process and agrees to take any and all action, including the filing of any and all documents and instruments that may be necessary to continue such appointment in full force and effect as aforesaid. Service of process upon the Authorized Agent and written notice of such service to the Issuer and each Guarantor, if any, shall be deemed, in every respect, effective service of process upon the Issuer and each Guarantor, if any.
Section 13.09. No Recourse Against Others. No director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of the Issuer, Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor under this Indenture or any Senior Notes Documents, or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.
Section 13.10. Successors. All agreements of the Issuer and each Guarantor, if any, in this Indenture and the Notes shall bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors.
Section 13.11. Multiple Originals. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. One signed copy is enough to prove this Indenture.
