A-1-6
The term "Issuer" means, prior to the completion of the Debt Assumption and the other Transactions, Cayman 1 only (not including any of its Subsidiaries) and after the consummation of the Debt Assumption and the other Transactions, Verisure Midholding AB (publ) (not including any of its Subsidiaries) and, in each case, any and all successors thereto.
1. Interest.
The Issuer promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note (i) entirely in cash ("Cash Interest") or (ii) by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding Notes or by issuing PIK Notes in a principal amount equal to such interest ("PIK Interest") in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of this Note and the Indenture.
[Interest on the Euro Senior Note will accrue at the Euro Applicable Rate] / [Interest on the SEK Senior Note will accrue at the SEK Applicable Rate]. The Issuer shall pay interest on this Note quarterly in arrears on [November 1, February 1, May 1 and August 1], commencing on _____________. The Issuer will make each interest payment to Holders of record of on the [October 15, January 15, April 15 and July 15] immediately preceding the related interest payment date. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for or, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the date the Notes were authenticated until the principal hereof is due. The Issuer will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to time on demand at a rate that is 1% per annum in excess of the rate then in effect, to the extent lawful. The Issuer will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue instalments of interest and Additional Amounts, if any (without regard to any applicable grace periods), at the same rate to the extent lawful. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360day year and the actual number of days elapsed.
Interest on the Notes will be payable, at the election of the Issuer for each interest period, entirely in the form of Cash Interest or entirely in the form of PIK Interest (in increments of 1 or SEK 1, as applicable) (the "PIK Toggle Option'"), but the Issuer may not exercise the PIK Toggle Option in respect of more than four quarterly interest periods and not in in respect of consecutive quarters. Except as provided pursuant to the PIK Toggle Option, interest on the Notes shall be payable entirely in the form of Cash Interest. Subject to the foregoing, the Issuer may elect the form of interest payment with respect to each interest period by delivering a notice to the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent at least ten Business Days prior to any interest payment date on which such interest will be paid. The Principal Paying Agent will promptly deliver a corresponding notice to the Holders of the Notes. With respect to any Additional Notes issued in payment of PIK Interest, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, and, in the case of Notes in the form of Global Notes, to Euroclear and Clearstream, no later than one Business Day prior to the relevant interest payment date, (i) if the Notes are in the form of Global Notes, an
A-1-7
LO\5845724.11
order to increase the principal amount of any such Global Note by an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable interest period (rounded up to the nearest 1 or SEK 1, as applicable) or, if necessary, to authenticate a new Global Note executed by the Issuer under this Indenture with such increased principal amounts, and (ii) if the Notes are in the form of Definitive Registered Notes, Additional Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable interest period (rounded up to the nearest 1 or SEK 1, as applicable) as Definitive Registered Notes, dated as of the applicable interest payment date, and an order to authenticate such notes. The Trustee (or the Authenticating Agent) shall, at the written order of the Issuer, authenticate and deliver any such Additional Notes in the form of Definitive Registered Notes for original issuance to the Holders on the relevant record date, as shown by the records of the register of Holders.
