LO\5845724.11
[For Euro Senior Notes only: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on each Determination Date, determine the Euro Applicable Rate and calculate the aggregate amount of interest payable in respect of the following Interest Period (the "Euro Interest Amount"). The Euro Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Euro Applicable Rate to the principal amount of each Euro Senior Note outstanding at the commencement of the Euro Interest Period, multiplying each such amount by the actual amounts of days in the Euro Interest Period concerned divided by 360. All percentages resulting from any of the above calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with five one millionths of a percentage point being rounded upwards (e.g., 4.876545% (or .04876545) being rounded to 4.87655% (or .0487655). The determination of the Euro Applicable Rate and the Euro Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of willful default, bad faith or manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. In no event will the rate of interest on the Euro Senior Notes be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall not be responsible for verifying that the rate of interest on the Euro Senior Notes is permitted under any applicable law.
For the purposes of this Section 1:
"Determination Date" means, with respect to an Euro Interest Period, the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days preceding the first day of such Euro Interest Period.
"EURIBOR" with respect to an Euro Interest Period, means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in euro for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date that appears on Reuters Page 248 as of 11:00 a.m. Brussels time, on the Determination Date. If Reuters Page 248 does not include such a rate or is unavailable on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will request the principal London office of each of four major banks in the euro zone inter bank market, as selected by the Issuer, to provide such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such Determination Date, to prime banks in the euro zone inter bank market for deposits in a Euro Representative Amount in euro for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the
A-1-8
LO\5845724.11
Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the Euro Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in London, as selected by the Issuer, to provide such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such Determination Date, for loans in a Euro Representative Amount in euro to leading European banks for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such rates are so provided, the rate for the Euro Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such rates. If fewer than two such rates are so provided then the rate for the Euro Interest Period will be the rate in effect with respect to the immediately preceding Euro Interest Period. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this definition, EURIBOR with respect to any Euro Interest Period shall not be less than 1.00% per annum.
"Euro Applicable Rate" means a rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to (i) the greater of three-month EURIBOR and 1.0% plus (ii)(A) in the case of Cash Interest, 7.25% and (B) in the case of PIK Interest, 8.00%.
