Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the Euro Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in London, as selected by the Issuer, to provide such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such Determination Date, for loans in a Euro Representative Amount in euro to leading European banks for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such rates are so provided, the rate for the Euro Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such rates. If fewer than two such rates are so provided then the rate for the Euro Interest Period will be the rate in effect with respect to the immediately preceding Euro Interest Period. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this definition, EURIBOR with respect to any Euro Interest Period shall not be less than 1.00% per annum.
"Euro Interest Period" means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on and including the day immediately preceding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first Euro Interest Period shall commence on and include the Completion Date and end on and exclude February 1, 2016.
"Euro Representative Amount" means the greater of (i) 1.0 million and (ii) an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
"Reuters Page 248" means the display page so designated on Reuters (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor).
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open.] /
[For SEK Senior Notes only: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on each Determination Date, determine the SEK Applicable Rate and calculate the aggregate amount of interest payable in respect of the following SEK Interest Period (the "SEK Interest Amount"). The SEK Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the SEK Applicable Rate to the principal amount of each SEK Senior Note outstanding at the commencement of the SEK Interest Period, multiplying each such amount by the actual amounts of days in the SEK Interest Period concerned divided by 360. All percentages resulting from any of the above calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with five one millionths of a percentage point being rounded upwards (e.g., 4.876545% (or .04876545) being rounded to 4.87655% (or .0487655). The determination of the SEK Applicable Rate and the SEK Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of willful default, bad faith or manifest error, be final and binding on
A-1-9
LO\5845724.11
all parties. In no event will the rate of interest on the SEK Senior Notes be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall not be responsible for verifying that the rate of interest on the SEK Senior Notes is permitted under any applicable law.
