LO\5845724.11
For the purposes of this Section 1:
"Determination Date" means, with respect to an SEK Interest Period, the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days preceding the first day of such SEK Interest Period.
"Reuters Page Side" means the display page so designated on Reuters (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor).
"SEK Applicable Rate" means a rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to (i) the greater of three-month STIBOR and 1.0% plus (ii)(A) in the case of Cash Interest, 7.25% and (B) in the case of PIK Interest, 8.00%.
"SEK Interest Period" means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on and including the day immediately preceding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first SEK Interest Period shall commence on and include the Completion Date and end on and exclude February 1, 2016.
"SEKRepresentative Amount" means the greater of (i) SEK 10,000,000 and (ii) an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
"STIBOR" with respect to an SEK Interest Period, means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in SEK for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date that appears on Reuters Page Side as of 11:00 a.m. Stockholm time, on the Determination Date. If Reuters Page Side does not include such a rate or is unavailable on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will request the principal Stockholm office of each of four major banks in the Stockholm inter bank market, as selected by the Issuer, to provide such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on such Determination Date, to prime banks in the Stockholm inter bank market for deposits in a SEK Representative Amount in SEK for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the SEK Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in Stockholm, as selected by the Issuer, to provide such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on such Determination Date, for loans in a SEK Representative Amount in SEK to leading European banks for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such rates are so provided, the rate for the SEK Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such
A-1-10
