"STIBOR" with respect to an SEK Interest Period, means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in SEK for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date that appears on Reuters Page Side as of 11:00 a.m. Stockholm time, on the Determination Date. If Reuters Page Side does not include such a rate or is unavailable on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will request the principal Stockholm office of each of four major banks in the Stockholm inter bank market, as selected by the Issuer, to provide such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on such Determination Date, to prime banks in the Stockholm inter bank market for deposits in a SEK Representative Amount in SEK for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the SEK Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in Stockholm, as selected by the Issuer, to provide such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on such Determination Date, for loans in a SEK Representative Amount in SEK to leading European banks for a three month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such rates are so provided, the rate for the SEK Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such
LO\5845724.11
rates. If fewer than two such rates are so provided then the rate for the SEK Interest Period will be the rate in effect with respect to the immediately preceding SEK Interest Period. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this definition, STIBOR with respect to any SEK Interest Period shall not be less than 1.00% per annum.
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open.]
2. Method of Payment.
Holders must surrender Notes to the relevant Paying Agent to collect principal payments. The Issuer shall pay principal, premium, Additional Amounts, if any, and interest (if payable in cash) in [For Euro Senior Notes only: euro][For SEK Senior Notes only: SEK]. Principal, interest (if payable in cash), premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) will be made by one or more Paying Agents by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof (being the common depositary or its nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream).
Principal, interest (if payable in cash), premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Definitive Registered Notes will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents maintained for such purposes in London. In addition, interest (if payable in cash) on the Definitive Registered Notes may be paid by check mailed to the person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes.
If interest is payable in the form of Additional Notes, any such Additional Notes shall, after being executed and authenticated pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Indenture, be (i) deposited into the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof as of the relevant record date if the Notes are then held in the form of Global Notes, or, alternatively, the Issuer may direct the Principal Paying Agent to make the appropriate amendments to the schedule of principal amounts of the relevant Global Notes outstanding and arrange for deposit into the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof as of the relevant record date, or (ii) mailed to the person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes if the Notes are then held in the form of Definitive Registered Notes. Payment shall be made in such form and upon such terms as specified in the Indenture and the Issuer shall and the Principal Paying Agent may take additional steps as are necessary to effect such payment.
If the due date for any payment in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
