If interest is payable in the form of Additional Notes, any such Additional Notes shall, after being executed and authenticated pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Indenture, be (i) deposited into the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof as of the relevant record date if the Notes are then held in the form of Global Notes, or, alternatively, the Issuer may direct the Principal Paying Agent to make the appropriate amendments to the schedule of principal amounts of the relevant Global Notes outstanding and arrange for deposit into the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof as of the relevant record date, or (ii) mailed to the person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes if the Notes are then held in the form of Definitive Registered Notes. Payment shall be made in such form and upon such terms as specified in the Indenture and the Issuer shall and the Principal Paying Agent may take additional steps as are necessary to effect such payment.
LO\5845724.11
A-1-11
3. Paying Agent and Registrar.
Initially, Citibank N.A., London Branch, will act as Principal Paying Agent and Transfer Agent, and Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG will act as Registrar. The Issuer may appoint and change any Registrar, Transfer Agent or Paying Agent. The Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may act as Registrar, Transfer Agent and Paying Agent.
4. Indenture.
The Issuer issued the Notes under the Indenture dated as of October 21, 2015 (the "Indenture"), among, the Issuer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the "Trustee"), Wilmington Trust (London) Limited, as security agent (the "Security Agent"), Citibank N.A., London Branch, as authenticating agent, Citibank N.A., London Branch, as principal paying agent and transfer agent, Citibank N.A., London Branch, as calculation agent, and Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG, as registrar. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. Terms defined in the Indenture and not defined herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all terms and provisions of the Indenture, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms and provisions. In the event of a conflict, the terms of the Indenture control.
The Notes are general senior obligations of the Issuer. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Indenture. The Notes and, if issued, any Additional Notes are treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided for therein.
5. Optional Redemption.
