6. Optional Tax Redemption.
(1) any change in, or amendment to, the law or treaties (or any regulations, protocols, or rulings promulgated thereunder) of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined below) affecting taxation; or
(2) any change in position regarding the official application, administration or written interpretation of such laws, treaties, regulations or rulings (including a holding, judgment or order by a court of competent jurisdiction) (each of the foregoing in clauses (1) and (2), a "Change in Tax Law"),
A-1-14
LO\5845724.11
the Issuer or any Guarantor (including, in each case, any successor entity) with respect to any Guarantee, as the case may be, is, or on the next interest payment date in respect of the Notes would be, required to pay Additional Amounts (but in the case of any Guarantor, only if such amount payable cannot be paid by the Issuer or another Guarantor who can pay such amount without the obligation to pay Additional Amounts), and such obligation cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer or such Guarantor (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the appointment of a new Paying Agent where this would be reasonable).
Such Change in Tax Law must have become effective on or after the Completion Date. Notice of redemption for taxation reasons will be published in accordance with the procedures described in Section 8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such notice of redemption will be given (a) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Payor would be obliged to make such payment of Additional Amounts and (b) unless at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts remains in effect. Prior to the publication or mailing of any notice of redemption of the Notes pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer will deliver to the Trustee (a) an Officer's Certificate stating that it is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to its right so to redeem have been satisfied and (b) an opinion of an independent tax counsel of recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be, has been or will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts as a result of a Change in Tax Law. The Trustee will accept such Officer's Certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent described above, without further inquiry, in which event it will be conclusive and binding on the Holders.
7. Sinking Fund.
The Issuer is not required to make mandatory redemption payments or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.
