If any Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption shall state the portion of the principal amount to be redeemed. In the case of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of any Definitive Registered Note redeemed in part will be issued in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Definitive Registered Note. In the case of a Global Note, an appropriate notation will be made on such Global Note to decrease the principal amount thereof to an amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof. Subject to the terms of the applicable redemption notice, Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.
9. [Reserved].
10. Additional Amounts.
All payments made by a Payor on the Notes or any Guarantee, as applicable, will be made free and clear o f and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes in accordance with Section 4.14 of the Indenture.
A-1-16
LO\5845724.11
11. Repurchase of Notes at the Option of Holders upon (i) a Change of Control and (ii) the occurrence of certain Asset Sales.
If a Change of Control occurs, each Holder of Notes will have the right, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture, to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part of such Holder's Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date) as provided in, and subject to the terms of, the Indenture.
In accordance with Section 4.05 of the Indenture, the Issuer will be required to, or may be permitted to, offer to purchase Notes upon the occurrence of certain events, including certain Asset Dispositions.
