If a Change of Control occurs, each Holder of Notes will have the right, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture, to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part of such Holder's Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date) as provided in, and subject to the terms of, the Indenture.
12. Security.
The Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by the Collateral. Reference is made to the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement for terms relating to such security, including the release, termination and discharge thereof. Enforcement of the Security Documents is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement. The Issuer shall not be required to make any notation on this Note to reflect any grant of such security or any such release, termination or discharge.
13. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form without interest coupons [in minimum denominations of 100,000 and multiples of 1 in excess thereof] / [in minimum denominations of SEK 1,000,000 and multiples of SEK 1 in excess thereof]. Additional Notes may be issued [in minimum denominations of 1] [in minimum denominations of SEK 1]. A Holder may transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. In connection with any such transfer or exchange, the Indenture will require the transferring or exchanging Holder to, among other things, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, furnish information regarding the account of the transferee at Euroclear or Clearstream, where appropriate, furnish certain certificates and opinions, and pay any taxes, duties and governmental charges in connection with such transfer or exchange. Any such transfer or exchange will be made without charge to the Holder, other than any taxes, duties and governmental charges payable in connection with such transfer.
14. Persons Deemed Owners.
Except as provided in Section 2, the registered Holder of this Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes.
A-1-17
LO\5845724.11
