any Guarantee of a Significant Subsidiary ceases to be in full force and
A-1-20
LO\5845724.11
invalid or unenforceable in a judicial proceeding or any Guarantor denies or disaffirms in writing its obligations under its Guarantee and any such Default continues for 10 days.
The foregoing shall constitute Events of Default whatever the reason for any such Event of Default and whether it is voluntary or involuntary or is effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court of any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, a default under clauses (c), (d) or (g) above will not constitute an Event of Default until the Trustee or Holders holding at least 25% of the aggregate euro equivalent principal amount of the total Notes then outstanding (calculated by reference to the Completion Date Conversion Rate), notify the Issuer (with a copy to the Trustee) of the default and, with respect to clauses (c), (d) or (g), the Issuer does not cure such default within the time specified in clauses (c), (d) or (g), as applicable, after receipt of such notice.
19. Trustee Dealings with the Issuer
The Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with and collect obligations owed to it by the Issuer or its Affiliates and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee.
20. No Recourse Against Others.
No director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of the Issuer, Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor under the Indenture or any Senior Notes Documents, or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws, and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy.
