WHEREAS, the Issuer has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the "Indenture"), dated as of October 21, 2015 providing for the issuance of (a) 400,000,000 Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2023 (the "Euro Senior Notes"") and (b) SEK 2,816,400,000 Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2023 (the "SEK Senior Notes"", and, together with the Euro Senior Notes, the "Notes");
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Issuer, any Guarantor and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, any Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows:
1. CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
2. Agreement to Guarantee. The Guarantor hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Note Guarantee and in the Indenture including but not limited to Article 10 thereof.
3. No Recourse Against Others. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of any Guarantor, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor under the Notes, the Indenture, the Note Guarantees or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under applicable securities laws.
LO\5845724.11
4. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.
5. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or proceeding arising out of, related to, or in connection with the Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees or the transactions contemplated hereby, and any action arising under U.S. federal or state securities laws, may be instituted in any U.S. federal or state court located in the State and City of New York, Borough of Manhattan; irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding; and irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The Issuer and each of the Guarantors has appointed CT Corporation, 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011, as its authorized agent upon whom process may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding which may be instituted in any federal or state court located in the State of New York, Borough of Manhattan arising out of or based upon the Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture, the Notes or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and any action brought under U.S. federal or state securities laws (the "Authorized Agent'). The Issuer and each of the Guarantors expressly consents to the jurisdiction of any such court in respect of any such action and waives any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto and waives any right to trial by jury. Such appointment shall be irrevocable unless and until replaced by an agent reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The Issuer and each of the Guarantors represents and warrants that the Authorized Agent has agreed to act as said agent for service of process, and the Issuer agrees to take any and all action, including the filing of any and all documents and instruments, that may be necessary to continue such appointment in full force and effect as aforesaid. Service of process upon the Authorized Agent and written notice of such service to the Issuer shall be deemed, in every respect, effective service of process upon the Issuer and any Guarantor.
