2012, 2013 and 2014, respectively. By dividing CPA by the EPC generated within our Portfolio Services segment, we can approximate the minimum period we need to retain each customer in order to break even on our investment. Based on our results for the six months ended June 30, 2015, on average, a customer needed to remain a customer for 4.1 years in order for us to recover our net investment in acquiring that customer. In addition to the pay back period we are also focused on maximizing the return on invested capital on a per customer basis, which is impacted by the average life of our customers in addition to CPA and EPC. We currently estimate that the average expected subscription life is 5 to 8 years for our small business customers and 8 to 16 years for our residential customers, yielding fully-loaded internal rate of return of approximately 20%, based on a median subscriber life of 12 years.
Factors Affecting Our Business and Operations
General Market Conditions
While our business model has generally performed well under different macroeconomic environments, economic conditions in the geographic regions in which we operate can affect the result of our operations. While we believe we have a resilient business model as compared to other industries, during periods of economic downturn, we have experienced higher cancellation rates than during periods of economic growth in some markets. As customers seek to minimize their expenses, we may determine that more should be spent on marketing and sales per new customer, which may, in turn, increase our CPA. Economic downturns have historically impacted our small business customers more than our residential customers, as small businesses often cut spending or are more likely to go out of business during economic downturns. Our overall cancellation rates, on a twelve month trailing basis were 8.9%, 9.4%, 7.3% and 6.8% in the years ended December 31,2012, 2013 and 2014 and the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2015, respectively. Spain, which is our largest market, representing 40.2% of our customer portfolio as of June 30, 2015, was the most severely impacted of the markets in which we operate by the economic recession, and in Spain we had cancellation rates, on a twelve-month trailing basis of 12.1%, 11.6%, 8.6% and 7.8% (9.4%, 7.9%, 6.8% and 6.3% for residential customers) in the years ended December 31, 2012, 2013 and 2014 and the twelve months ended June 30, 2015, respectively. We view these cancellation rate increases as relatively modest in light of the macroeconomic environment in Spain, which we believe is due to the fact that our residential customers often view the services we provide as vital security solutions that help protect the safety and security of their homes and families.
Mix of Residential and Small Business Customers
Monthly subscription and installation fees generated from small businesses are generally slightly higher than from residential customers. However, the retention life of our residential customers is typically longer (currently estimated by us to be 8 to 16 years depending on the geography) than that of our small business customers (5 to 8 years). Over the long term, our return on invested capital from our residential customers has historically been higher than from our small businesses customers given its longer average retention life. Factors that impact our customer mix include our marketing focus and desire to grow our business with different types of customers in different regions and general economic conditions, which tend to cause more fluctuations in renewal rates among our small business customers.
Monthly Subscription Fees Charged by Us
The monthly subscription fees that we charge are normally reviewed annually, and we seek to increase them at minimum to remain in line with applicable inflation indices. Annual price increases in-line with consumer price indices or cost development are generally provided for in our customer contracts. Further, our pricing levels are impacted by our ability to drive the introduction of new technologies and features to enhance our value proposition to customers. Our ability to maintain
58
