The monthly subscription fees that we charge are normally reviewed annually, and we seek to increase them at minimum to remain in line with applicable inflation indices. Annual price increases in-line with consumer price indices or cost development are generally provided for in our customer contracts. Further, our pricing levels are impacted by our ability to drive the introduction of new technologies and features to enhance our value proposition to customers. Our ability to maintain
high customer satisfaction levels with respect to our products and services and competition in our market also impact pricing. Potential increases in fees may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction depending on local conditions, and we have and will seek to continue to differentiate the pricing within each segment to reflect service and value proposition provided and between residential and small business customers to compensate for the shorter life span of small business customers. Further, our pricing levels are also impacted by our ability to deliver quality products and services to our customers. From time to time over the last several years, in certain markets we have implemented price increases in excess of inflation indices without a significant impact on our cancellation rate.
Cost to Acquire New Customers
Key components of our net costs to sell and install our products include sales commissions, administration and marketing costs, the cost of security alarm equipment we source from our supplier network, labor costs related to new installations and the prices we charge for installations. The costs of acquiring new customers varies according to a number of factors, including market competition, cost development, our overall growth strategy and investments in marketing. Any increase in these costs or a reduction in our installation fees may increase the amount of time it takes for us to recoup the upfront cost of acquiring customers. The cost of acquiring new customers has increased in recent years (without taking currency fluctuations into account) while the amount of time it has taken to recoup the investment has remained relatively stable over time, which reflects the fact that increases in the cost of acquiring new customers has been offset by increases in the profitability per customer.
Growth in Customer Portfolio
Growth in our customer portfolio results from our addition of customers in excess of our cancellation rate. We incur significant expenditures to grow our customer portfolio, including expenses to market our products and services and to purchase the equipment used in our security systems. We also incur costs to develop new products. Following any successful expansion of our customer portfolio, we expect to generate increased revenue from customer fees and, because our business model is scalable with costs that are semi-fixed or fixed, improvements in our profit margin. As a result, changes in our growth strategy impact our Adjusted EBITDA and cash flow from operations from period to period. Our customer growth will vary based on numerous factors, including actions by competitors in our markets, economic conditions and our growth strategy, and we may not in the future grow as rapidly as we have done in the past.
Number o f Customer Cancellations
Our cancellation rates are a key factor impacting our business, since the total sales derived by our Portfolio Services segment are directly related to the number of installed customers. We review our cancellation rates in order to determine our need to acquire new customers, and thus expend funds to market our products and services and invest in new customers.
Factors influencing customer cancellations often differ between our customer types and markets, and to a certain extent also vary over time. For residential customers, the main reasons for cancelling a subscription include factors such as moving to a new home, financial distress or dissatisfaction with customer service or prices. For small businesses, cancellations are usually related to financial distress, the failure, closure or relocation of the business or dissatisfaction with customer service or prices.
