Our employees in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, France, Belgium and the Netherlands have a pension plan, whereas our employees in Chile, Brazil, Spain, Portugal, Italy, UK, Finland and Peru do not. We offer both defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans. Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit schemes under which we pay fixed contributions into a separate legal entity and have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions. Costs for defined contribution schemes are expensed in the period during which the employee carried out his or her work. Costs are in line with the payments made during the period. Defined benefit plans are post employment benefit schemes other than defined contribution plans. For these plans, amounts to be paid as retirement benefits are determined by reference to a formula usually based on employees' earnings and/or years of service. All pension plans in foreign units are classified as defined contribution plans, with the exception of a limited defined benefit plan in France. All pension liabilities in Sweden are classified as defined contribution plans, except pensions for office-based staff which are through a national multi- employer pension plan, which is funded in the same manner as a defined contribution plan. The level of contribution is dependent upon, among other things, the level of employee participation and salaries in each country.
Interest Rate Risk
Our income and cash flow from financing activities are substantially dependent on changes in market interest rates. An increase in interest rates creates a risk of an adverse impact on customers' willingness to invest because their variable rate indebtedness and other interest rate driven costs increase. Moreover, some items on our balance sheet, such as cash and bank balances, interest bearing investments and borrowings, are exposed to interest rate risk.
In the past we have utilized derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps to limit the financial risks with respect to negative profit and loss effects as well as cash flow effects arising from interest payments. We have typically hedged approximately 90% of our variable rate exposure under our existing credit facilities by using interest rate swaps to move from floating interest rate to fixed interest rate, and intend to hedge our obligations going forward.
Borrowings under our Senior Credit Facilities and the Private Senior Notes will bear interest at varying rates, and as a result we have interest risk with respect to this debt. For fixed rate debt, interest rate changes affect the fair market value of such debt, but do not impact earnings or cash flow.
Currency Risk
As a result of our operations in various countries, we generate a portion of our sales and incur a portion of our expenses in currencies other than the euro. Our primary exposure, or translation risk, is to the SEK and NOK, and for the year ended December 31, 2014, 63% of our revenue was denominated in euro, 20% of revenue was denominated in SEK, 11% of revenue was denominated in NOK and 6% of revenue was denominated in other currencies. In the past we have hedged our
74
foreign exchange exposure when we have deemed it appropriate. We have limited foreign exchange tFirnaudnretshbaetecr,tdionaneltshrsoisukgishase3wu7re%o-inodcfueornuocrmosrientsvaetaenndud.ediesPridrvoeensfooumrbmisncaartipefotdior ninthfeeneosnT-rienauntrshoaecctluoiorcrnaesln,ccuiehrsore,wnethcvyeero,mf a2oj1uo%rritmy aoorffkeootuus.rr mindoevebmteednnetsssin FwXill rabteesdoennoamtriannasteadctioinnaSl EbaKs,is.which will provide a partial natural hedge against Translation Risk Translation risk is the risk that the value in euro of the consolidated income statement and statement ttorhafensfisnelaaentifocfeinacltospfcooasunitriobfneorsewiiggilnlniffilscuuacbntust.aidtTieahreideusse.ubtsAotsacnshtioaamnl gpeeosrotfioinonuforofrseouiugbrnsiindediaxercbiehtesadnongpeeessrraaitsteedsienncoonnmonnine-eacutteerodd imwniatehrukretoht.se, Transaction Risk sTecouotxrhabupensnorsitsdrautiiheacraestriinoei(nssot,,hrrtewhisineekfrueccinsfuuocrtrtrrhrieeoee,nnnncatrliiolysetkcsdsuooiorgfrtnneheionfexitcccryahhtneahotdnafgfgnoteehrtehouloesuss.rusetberusasrinodms)iaaaarcdireteiisosenbcyooennuxcpseoofrsnrnoulyemrdea..puvWBercerehycaablsueimesliseeitevatedrnadtnbhsaissasacilfseotisroimnninstohcwfeucirtuhrverarnoreictonhieucessyr
