77
ricaoasaUneivosnuznltiasndreahleuisbsbliassmicedlbsaeolopei,nlemesfrtdfiieftneospadicprnnetiaelnsrfiutnonoidgtdardjievaminmonecsedtagetshsetmemetdifdiorsmraooenwsgtmartaiiahnrstooenogensiwsddn,ut,tuoahrhtvsmhlpeoeoserag,amyuirgyitssstneentewcaosioffoltiurhnucesflisdahncmwttihnoeunhhetusdgeiwnsclpidettehsrhbosobobwafpocesetsneooheilvrsrineeetmisdie,vomeouwaenitncfraekottroodtteeukuhfdtebtriwssnpitebni,ataayhrhrdtnnethitieddschacertasiioirpccvusodroaoeetni-icmnmdopcaatntabpspifl.orrleeoetnidytntm.AiiattesiidtvtoInoahvnednutaeiitrltrdalpiciiegoioannerdhnoutddsatavs.u",oliRidssnaffWitaeosrrtycehdukep,teroadcFbctrreeaahoestssbce,mlocotswwowprdenirihebnalseaiectc.tbadrh"deheeetoleohsibenlehfbsavpoeasemmuuwsetblaaiddhosrlreikkcbboreoelneeeyttf
Introduction
We operate in the residential home and small business segment of the security market (the "RHSB market"). We are present in 11 countries in Europe and 3 countries in Latin America. The European RHSB monitored alarm sector generated 3.8 billion of revenue in 2013 (source: Berg Insight), of which approximately 30% was derived from equipment sales and systems installations, and the remaining approximately 70% was derived from recurring monthly subscription fees charged to subscribers with monitored alarm systems.
European sales of RHSB monitored alarms is expected to grow annually between 5% and 10% over the long term, driven by an increasing market penetration, adoption of additional technology enabled services and population growth (source: Berg Insight). We believe that a key driver of the market growth was the presence of large, established providers that actively drove overall market adoption by targeting new subscribers through marketing and direct sales (such as door-to-door and telesales), as well as general macroeconomic factors in Europe following the economic downturn in Europe between 2008 and 2010.
RHSB systems include those sold in conjunction with remote monitoring services as well as those that are unmonitored alarms. We operate in the monitored alarm segment. Monitored alarm systems typically incorporate, at a minimum, several motion sensors connected to a central control panel that communicates with a remote monitoring station either wirelessly or via a landline telephone or internet connection. Monitored RHSB service providers differ in the sophistication of the underlying detection technology (e.g. video cameras and jamming prevention), the range of additional services provided (such as smoke detection, remote access control and remote monitoring services over personal devices, including smartphones), as well as the quality of service provided (e.g. lifetime guarantees and maximum call-back times).
Monitored alarm providers typically make an upfront investment to acquire new subscribers (partly offset through installation fees) which is then recouped over time by charging subscribers on a monthly basis for the ongoing monitoring service. Monitored alarms are primarily sold by our salespeople, who are either independent local partners or our employees. Within direct sales, Securitas Direct focuses on face-to-face sales. After an alarm is sold and installed, subscribers are connected to a remote monitoring station where their property is monitored 24 hours a day, seven days a week by trained security technicians and call station operators. In the event that an alarm is triggered, these technicians use a variety of verification methods to confirm whether the incident is a true emergency or a false alarm and then forward the alarm to the police, fire services or private security guards, if necessary. Alarm providers typically also offer subscribers ongoing service and technical support to ensure their systems are functioning correctly.
Addressable Market
According to management estimates based on third-party data, in 2014 there were 218.8 million households and workplaces in Europe of which 75.5 million (34.5%) were in our largest four markets (Spain, Sweden, Norway and France) where we installed 1.4 million monitored alarms accounting for 82% of our revenues. The following chart illustrates the total number of households and workplaces in Europe by country.
