Source: Management estimates and third-party data.
We believe that sales and marketing expenditure is a key driver of adoption of security systems and explains some of the differential in penetration between markets. We believe there is significant opportunity for leading players like us to further drive adoption of security systems in Europe by further increasing consumer awareness and further leveraging our scale and leading market position.
While there are some demographic differences between the United States and Europe that could partly explain some of the difference in adoption between these two markets, we do not believe that these differences explain the significant penetration differential. For example in 2014, whereas crime rates (as measured by burglary rate per thousand population in 2011) tended to be in-line with the United States in certain areas of Europe (7.0% compared to 6.7% in the Netherlands, 7.2% in Belgium and 7.8% in Denmark), most European markets, including those with the highest burglary rates in Europe, have lower residential monitored alarm penetration rates compared to the United States (4.0% in the Netherlands, 4.0% in Belgium and 9.0% in Denmark compared to 20.0% in the United States), as demonstrated in the table below. Management believes this supports the view that the European security system market is very under-penetrated and that there is significant potential for increased adoption in many European geographies.
80
Penetration Rates vs. Burglary Rates by Country
Source: Management estimates and third-party data. Regulation
Regulation is increasing in certain of the European markets in which we operate. An increasing number of local governmental authorities have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, laws, regulations or policies aimed at reducing their perceived costs of responding to false alarm signals. For example, in France and Spain this type of regulation is already in place. While these regulations may make it more difficult to operate in this industry for certain players, they may also increase demand for certain types of monitored alarm solutions that we offer, including alarms with verification features such as image capture. The alarm verification requirement favors more established players who possess the ability to comply with the regulatory burdens and creates an incentive for potential customers to seek out a provider with monitoring capabilities. We believe that this regulatory trend will continue as governments focus on budget constraints and improving the efficiency in regard to various public services, including police and fire services.
Fragmented Provider Base Across Europe with Few Large Providers by Country
Our primary competitors in the markets in which we operate are generally regional or national companies with limited cross-border presence. We are one of the few pan-European residential and small business alarm monitoring providers. We believe the top three premium monitored alarm providers in our five largest markets are Securitas Direct, Prosegur and Sector Alarm who we estimate accounted for approximately 60-80% of the total RHSB market in 2014 in these markets. In our five largest markets, we believe we are the largest provider, representing approximately 40-50% of the market in terms of active subscribers in these markets. We estimate that based on our average number of customers in 2014, that we are approximately five times larger than our single nearest competitor operating across our five largest markets. Although the RHSB market is fragmented at a pan-European level, it is relatively consolidated in most of our individual country markets, where the top three alarm providers typically command a large share of the market. We are also the leading provider of RHSB services in four out of our top five markets in Europe (representing 72.4% of our revenue for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, annualized). The following chart shows our estimates of the market share and the market position of the top providers by subscribers in each of the top five European markets in which we operate.
