Fragmented Provider Base Across Europe with Few Large Providers by Country
81
Market Segment Analysis (Monitored residential and small business alarms, 2014)
Source: Management estimates and third-party data. Supplier-driven Industry Favoring Larger Providers
The monitored RHSB alarm business is a supplier-driven industry, in which the established providers have an opportunity to drive security system adoption in the market. Potential subscribers are frequently unfamiliar with the benefits and features of monitored alarms and therefore require significant consumer education. Larger companies more often have the ability to leverage the cash generation of their existing portfolio to make investments to run marketing campaigns to build a strong brand image and further create product awareness. Larger providers are also able to develop the sales force necessary to reach new subscribers as well as the technological infrastructure necessary to provide a compelling value proposition for subscribers. Further, given the importance of gaining subscriber trust, a company with a reputation for reliability and integrity is able to attract new subscribers more effectively than less established companies as shown in the chart below, which reflects our growth in Spain and France compared to the growth of the market:
82
RHSB Market (Number of Subscribers(l), '000)
Source: Management estimates and available third-party data. (1) Subscriber figures include small business and residential subscribers. Resilient Market
The European RHSB monitored alarm industry has historically been a resilient market. The durability of the demand for security systems is underpinned by the nature of the services we offer, as we address the safety of our subscribers' families (or businesses) and property, and hence our products and services are viewed by our subscribers as less discretionary. When faced with the need to make household budget cuts under economic pressure, residential consumers indicate that their monitored alarm system would be one of the last items they would eliminate. Our own subscriber base has historically churned at a rate of 7% or less per year for our residential customers and less than 16% per year for our small business customers from 2010-2014, and we currently estimate that the expected subscription life is between 8 and 16 years for our residential customers and 5 and 8 years for our small business customers. Appropriate customer selection is key to ensuring customer retention. As part of the customer selection process to help ensure subscriber loyalty, we, like many other leading providers charge upfront installation fees of several hundred euro or more, which helps us build a portfolio of more committed adopters and increases the likelihood of subscribers continuing to use our systems over the long term. In the six months ended June 30, 2015, our churn rate was 6.8%. These rates of customer attrition compare very favorably to industry competitors, particularly those in the United States, where attrition rates are more than twice as high. Fundamental differences in (i) sales channels, (ii) customer credit quality, (iii) required upfront installation fees, (iv) number of competitors, (v) fixed contract model and (vi) quality of customer service account for the significant differences in churn rates across the industry. Furthermore, our subscriber churn rates also compare favorably to other subscription services providers in European markets, including the mobile telecom, cable television and broadband industries, which are two or three times higher. The following chart shows our churn rates relative to other subscription service providers in the top European markets in which we operate:
