Source: Management estimates and available third-party data. (1) Subscriber figures include small business and residential subscribers. Resilient Market
83
Subscription Services Churn (%)(1)
(1) mBaestheoddoolnogpyuebmlicplyloyaevdaiblaybtlheedGartoau. p.Calculations of churn may be made on a different basis than the (2) Telecom / Cable (3) Mobile Telecom Flexible Growth Model
Generally speaking, RHSB monitored security providers conduct two main business activities: subscriber acquisition and ongoing subscriber portfolio monitoring and support, each of which has fundamentally different cash flow characteristics. The subscriber acquisition function typically uses more cash than it generates, as a result of upfront investments to obtain new subscribers. Most providers charge installation fees, but these fees typically cover only a portion of the overall subscriber acquisition cost. In certain markets, providers install equipment upfront for free with a view towards recouping their initial investment over the course of the customer's subscription life cycle. In contrast, providing ongoing portfolio management services is intended to generate a significant amount of cash once a subscriber has been acquired. For larger suppliers like us, with sufficient scale and excess monitoring capacity, each incremental new subscriber requires relatively limited additional cost to serve. As a result of the significant cash flow generation from their existing subscriber portfolio, RHSB monitored alarm providers have flexibility in managing cash to optimize specific financial objectives. During periods of slower growth or challenging economic environments, suppliers can choose to reduce subscriber acquisition investment while harvesting cash flow from ongoing portfolio management services, in an effort to increase the amount of cash they generate.
84
Potential New Market Participants and Opportunities
Telecom and cable providers
Various participants in the telecommunications market are seeking to enter the security and safety market in Europe by leveraging their existing customer base. In order to be successful, we believe these companies would need to possess an experienced local sales force on the ground as well as remote monitoring and service capabilities. Moreover, we believe that in the United States, most telecommunications companies that have sought to enter the security and safety market have not yet seen significant take-up of these services among their existing customer base. We believe that the European market is more fragmented than the U.S. market (which we attribute to language and purchasing behavior), with lower average price points for telecommunications products that may make it more difficult to upsell to high-priced alarm solutions.
