Telecom and cable providers
Participants in the connected home market
The connected home concept represents an amalgamation of several services, including those related to entertainment, safety and security, utility management and wellness management, delivered via smart appliances (i.e. devices that are linked to each other through the Internet).
During the past two years, several significant events have driven the acceleration of the connected home trend. Some of these developments include Samsung's and Apple's entry into the "smart home" market, and Google's acquisition of Nest followed by Nest acquiring Dropcam.
The connected home concept is growing rapidly in Western Europe, with annual consumer spend estimated to reach 12 billion, representing 27% of all Western European households, in 2019.
Within the connected home market, security and safety is the largest and fastest growing segment with the largest run-rate monetization potential.
The significant monetization potential of the security and safety segment is due to it being one of the only segments within the connected home market with recurring revenue potential, while most remaining segments are based on "apps" with one-time fees.
Several connected home market participants from different backgrounds (for example, technology, energy and electronics) addressing security and safety are competing against RHSB monitored alarm market participants, although the offerings are distinct.
We do not currently view self-monitored, self-installed or other "DIY" alarm systems as a threat to our business. While these companies typically benefit from low costs, associated only with product development and data collection and analysis, their product offerings are often standardized rather than tailored to customer needs, they typically generate a large number of false alarms and there is less of an emphasis on customer care. In contrast, while monitored alarm systems face significantly higher operating costs, the product and service offerings are typically more customized. Further, monitored alarm systems benefit from a layer of human judgment and typically generate lower false alarm rates.
