We launched limited operations in Brazil in 2011 and acquired a 90% stake in TeleAtlantic in the third quarter of 2014 to further build-out our Brazilian operations. TeleAtlantic had approximately 21,000 customers as of July 31, 2014 and we have also acquired a small portfolio of customers in Chile in 2014. We further added approximately 10,000 customers through our acquisition of Leadex Investments AB in Sweden in May, 2015. Since we first began operations, we have pursued a primarily organic growth strategy when expanding into new markets, including Peru and Italy, complemented by selective add-on acquisitions to bolster our position in existing markets.
We were founded in Sweden in 1988 as a division of Securitas AB, initially focusing on the Swedish residential home security market. Within our first ten years of operations, we had expanded our platform internationally, entering the home security markets of Norway, Spain, France and Finland, with subsequent expansion into Portugal and the Netherlands in 2001 and 2005, respectively. In September 2006, we separated from Securitas AB and were listed on the OMX Stockholm Nordic Exchange, before being taken private in an acquisition by EQT Holdings AB in August 2008. In 2009, we entered the Latin American market by establishing operations in Chile. We were acquired by Bain and H&F on September 2, 2011.
Our Strengths
We have identified several strengths that we believe have enabled our success historically and are key factors in our efforts to deliver future profitable growth.
Clear industry leader with scale and a track record of resilient growth
We are the leading provider of residential and small business monitored alarm solutions in Europe. We are present in 14 countries across Europe and South America and are the leading provider of premium monitored alarm services in four of our five largest markets in Europe, which together represented 72.4% of our revenue on a last quarter annualized basis, as shown in the following table:
88
= Market Position As of June 30; 2015
We estimate, based on available industry data, that we are approximately five times larger than our single nearest competitor across our five largest markets, on a combined basis, based on our average number of subscribers in 2014. We believe our leading market position in these markets and across Europe is due to our differentiated business model. We offer premium monitored alarm services that include high quality products tailored to the residential and small business markets. Our installation and subscription services are delivered by experienced face-to-face salespeople who serve as the customers' first point of contact.
