We have a geographically diversified portfolio of approximately 1.9 million customers as of June 30, 2015. Our focus on markets throughout Europe, including Scandinavia and Southern Europe, as well as certain markets in Latin America helps mitigate the risks of localized economic downturns. Our residential customers tend to be middle-to-higher income households with assets to protect and lower price sensitivity. In order to ensure subscriber loyalty, we charge upfront fees of several hundred euro or more, which helps screen for more-committed customers and, we believe, increases the likelihood of customers continuing to use our system over the long-term. The resilience of the demand for our security systems is underpinned by the strength and reputation of our brand and the nature of the services we offer, as we address the safety of our customers' families and property, and we believe customers view our solutions as less discretionary than other expenditures. As such, we believe that customers are less prone to cancel our services during economic downturns. Consequently, we currently estimate that our residential customers, which represented 76% of our total customers as of June 30, 2015, have an expected subscription life of between 8 and 16 years.
In addition to our diversified, high quality customer base, we have been able to drive down churn by focusing our sales incentive scheme on lower churn customers such as residential customers and professional services (e.g., doctors, lawyers) and reducing commissions for higher churn businesses. Management has also implemented other initiatives to reduce churn including data led predictive analytics which indicate when customers are at a higher risk of churning (e.g., long periods of inactivity), and specific initiatives for house moves. Our deep customer retention know-how and on going customer service efforts have facilitated the recent decrease in our cancellation rates (as shown in the chart below), and consequently, allowed for better revenue growth and greater cash flow generation.
T otal Churn
2010
2011
2012
2013
20U
June
