growth and value creation. Our strong culture and strategic alignment across geographies, including sharing of best practices, is another source of competitive differentiation.
Our Strategies
We intend to continue driving our customer-centred model to deliver peace of mind and protection to our customers through a technology enabled human services approach encompassing professional grade installation, professional monitoring, response and call outs. We aim to adapt our services based on deep customer insight. We are focused on continuing to develop first-to-market solutions that later become industry standards and ensure that we have a leading portfolio of security solutions. We have also developed and will seek to continue to effectively implement strategic initiatives to increase customer retention, such as facilitating the transfer of our services in connection with home moves and offering customers remote access to their alarm systems via the internet and the Verisure App.
cCuosnttoinmueerstoin iEnucrreoapseeanpdenLeattriantAiomn eorifcammonairtkoerted alarms for residential and small business
We believe significant growth opportunities remain in our existing markets, as evidenced by the low penetration rates compared to other jurisdictions. We aim to further expand our subscriber base in these markets in a measured manner by continuing to target potential customers who meet our customer demographics and economics criteria by increasing the quantity and quality of our leads and investing in our portfolio of brands. Moreover we may consider selective acquisitions to increase our subscriber base in certain regions. We believe many of our potential customers are not yet familiar with the benefits of having a monitored alarm system. Thus, we plan to use our large face-toface sales force, unique GTM model, strong brand and broad product offerings to continue to grow our subscriber base. Growing our subscriber base should enable us to increase our profit margins, because we will be able to benefit from the density and economies of scale of our Portfolio Services segment. Additionally, given that our average payback period (the time it takes to recover the cost of acquiring a new subscriber and installing an alarm system) is approximately 4 years and that we estimate that our residential customers will have subscription lives of between 8 and 16 years, we believe growing our subscriber base is a strategy worth pursuing.
Scutrsivtoemteorsprovide the best security solution available and do our utmost to protect our
Our in-house development teams cooperate closely with our network of equipment manufacturers to design and deliver new products and services to our customers. Our disciplined focus on research and development allows us to efficiently manage our new product development costs and strategically invest where we expect the returns will be the highest. We believe that our scale provides us with a significant competitive advantage in investing in product development, and we have introduced a number of successful innovations over the years (e.g., our Verisure "MyPages" home automation platform, which enables the customer to remotely access their premises over the internet or through the Verisure App on their smartphone). We plan to continue to invest in research and development to introduce new technologies and features into our alarm systems, thereby increasing up-selling and enhancing our customers' engagement and experience, which we believe will increase customer loyalty and reduce churn.
Focus on achieving the highest levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty in the industry
We recognize that customer satisfaction is directly proportional to customer loyalty and, therefore, we consistently strive to maintain the highest levels of customer satisfaction in the industry in order to reduce churn. As our first point-of-contact with our customers, our salespeople, some of whom are also responsible for installing our systems, provide ongoing customer assistance and are one of our greatest assets in achieving this goal. We have further implemented a sales incentive program that rewards our dedicated sales-force for identifying high quality customers while aligning the interests of our salespeople with our customers by measuring customer satisfaction at key points of interaction (including sales visits, service visits and customer service calls). In addition, we strategically focus
