Our Customer Acquisition segment comprises three primary operating activities: product development; manufacturing and supply; and sales and installation.
We use our in-house development team or contract with third parties to design our products. We actively drive development of next-generation products and applications to meet the changing needs of our customers. We also seek to develop products and applications that allow us to up-sell our existing customers and to attract new customers and we operate two development centers located in Malmo, Sweden and Madrid, Spain. We strive to develop products that can be brought to market quickly, with a focus on obtaining approvals from local governments and adhering to local regulatory requirements.
We have many innovative technologies, including movement detectors with built-in cameras and interconnected smoke detectors. We also have proprietary technology solutions, especially in our wireless communication and integrated solutions capabilities that govern the communication between the alarm system and the operator.
Manufacturing and Supply
We outsource the manufacture of our products to our network of electronic equipment manufacturers. Outsourcing the manufacturing of our alarm systems reduces our fixed costs and enhances our flexibility. We source our alarm systems primarily through a limited number of suppliers but have
95
contingency plans in place in case of a disruption in supply. For example, in some cases we have equivalent products that we are able to offer to our customers, and in others we have alternative suppliers for the affected products. We typically have exclusivity agreements with our suppliers with regard to our proprietary technologies. If a supplier fails to meet agreed upon delivery dates, we may terminate our agreement with that supplier and switch to a new supplier. We generally also have minimum purchase commitments with our suppliers.
Sales and Installation
Customer Qualification. Customer qualification is an essential component of our customer
