Sales and Installation
acquisition strategy, as we seek to attract customers who are more likely to value quality and retain our services over the long term. Consequently, we target households and businesses we believe will be long-term customers, such as residential customers living in wealthier areas and in owned single family dwellings and, to a lesser extent, owned apartments. We also selectively target small business customers. Our customer qualification process often involves credit checks, where allowed under local laws. Additionally, in the majority of cases, we typically charge a substantial upfront fee for installing an alarm system. We believe this upfront fee essentially acts as a qualifier, ensuring that we attract customers that are financially able and motivated to retain our services for the long term. This function is particularly important in the context of certain types of small businesses that tend to experience high turnover rates. We believe the success of our customer qualification process can be demonstrated through our customer retention rates.
Sales Approach and Marketing Strategy. Our sales efforts are conducted through our large network
of field salespeople (including both franchise partners and direct employees) and telesales channels, which seek to engage customers directly at their home. We generate the majority of our direct sales from leads generated by our field sales force. To maximize the potential for customer acquisition, each sales person goes through our rigorous training program, learning both the benefits of our products and the most effective way to communicate these to potential customers. We also provide our salespeople with sales coaches to help them reach sales targets. While we source the majority of our leads directly from our sales force, we also use a centralized lead-generation process through which we coordinate our various marketing efforts to generate prospects to further support our sales force, particularly our more junior salespeople. Our salespeople are evaluated by strict performance standards and are remunerated with a largely variable compensation package that is linked to attracting quality customers. This enables us to identify and appropriately compensate talented individuals, such that our most talented employees have an incentive to continue working with us on a long-term basis. Our core GTM approach centers on leads-based, face-to-face sales. Additionally, where possible we are employing a "sales-installer" approach, whereby the person responsible for selling an alarm system also has the responsibility for its installation. We gain several operational benefits from the sales-installer model, including reduced costs by combining the roles of salesperson and installer. Moreover, our sales-installers have a more comprehensive knowledge of the benefits and technical details of our offerings and their know-how and ability to deliver an effective security system lends credibility to themselves as sales-installers and to our product offerings. From the sales- installer's perspective, combining the sales and installer roles generates more income for the sales- installer and increases the sense of accountability among our sales force, further fostering a customer service oriented culture and enhancing the sales and service experience for our customers.
In the partner model, we cooperate with local entrepreneurs who sell, install and manage the ongoing customer service within their designated geographic area. The appropriate sales and service model for each market has been selected on the basis of local market characteristics. We predominantly use the partner model in Sweden and, partly, in Norway, Finland and Denmark, (although in Denmark, technical maintenance and customer support is performed by subcontractors). In Spain, Portugal, France and Chile, we primarily use our own employees to attract new customers.
Our partner model is particularly successful in mature markets, where it facilitates long-term customer relationships. Partners are typically local entrepreneurs who work exclusively with us and have the right to use our SECURITAS DIRECT trademark. Though these partners become our agents, they remain legally independent from us and we retain full ownership of the contracts negotiated between the partner and the customer on our behalf. Selection of partners involves a strict evaluation process that focuses on key attributes such as entrepreneurial and sales skills and knowledge of the regional area. Once selected, partners undergo rigorous training to ensure that they meet the same high standards we expect of our own employees. We design our compensation plans for our partners to align their goals with our targeted key performance indicators, which helps us generate quality accounts and encourages high quality customer service and long-term partnerships.
96
We design our marketing strategy to support our field sales and to grow our brand awareness. Tcimohmpeospreatanenieftfsocrto(sfmoorpfoteenxneanmitnpcolleuf,doeuutrilloitcmyaalarknTedVtiniangdsuvsertarratnistceeegmyce,onmatssp,aoonunierlisnw)e.ebmsOaitnreklisenteipnrgmovaaidrnkedetciinnogfooprimseraaattinoionninacwbreiothaustilnoocgualyrl aopmnuroodrndsiutbaocalrtenseskd-asna,indlasinrstamelmlrevsoriecssre.tvsiFcoaefunsrotdhaueemrrn,omanwbagelrekfweaptmoosrtielkitenowstiiagtahlencndvueassrratmiootemuasllelerbasaulldistaosinnbecaeosnsodpkoaawirntnncseeraerrlesas.,sseianncadluwdqaiurneagnlifeiincssasutirooanfncvpeirsoictfeobsmyspiooannneaielolsyf
Product Offerings and Product Strategy
