Notes to the Financial Statements
This interim report has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed by the European Union. The most important accounting principles under IFRS, which is the basis for the preparation of this interim report, can be found in note i1ni2n0t1h4e. annual report for 2014. The accounting policies are unchanged compared with those applied These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual report 2014. These financial statements have been reviewed by an auditor.
Note 1 Critical accounting estimates and judgments
When applying the group's accounting policies, management must make assumptions and estimates concerning the future that affect the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, the disclosure of contingencies that existed at the balance sheet date and the amounts of revenue and expenses recognised during the accounting period. Such assumptions and estimates are based on factors such as historical experience, the observance of trends in the industries in which the group operates and information available from the group's customers and other outside sources. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making assumptions and estimates, actual outcomes could differ from those assumptions and estimates. An analysis of key areas of estimation uncertainty at the balance sheet date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the group's assets and liabilities within the next financial year is discussed below.
Testing for impairment of goodwill and other assets
IFRS requires management to undertake an annual test for impairment of indefinite lived assets and, for finite lived assets, to test for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When testing for impairment of goodwill and other assets, the carrying amount should be compared with the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value-in-use. Impairment testing is an area involving management judgment, requiring assessment as to whether the carrying value of assets can be supported by the net present value of future cash flow derived from such assets using cash flow projections which have been discounted at an appropriate rate. Since there are normally no quoted prices available to estimate the fair value less costs to sell an asset, the asset's value-in-use is usually the value against which the carrying amount is compared for impairment testing purposes and is measured on the basis of assumptions and estimates. In calculating the net present value of the future cash flow, certain assumptions are required to be made in respect of highly uncertain matters, including management's expectations of:  long-term sales growth rates  growth in adjusted EBITDA  timing and quantum of future capital expenditures  change in working capital  the selection of discount rates to reflect the risks involved. The group prepares and approves formal four-year management plans for our operations, which are used in value-in-use calculations. For the purposes of the calculation, a long-term growth rate into perpetuity has been determined as:  an assumed 3% growth rate for the mature markets
F-7
 alatpersotje4cyteedarlopnlagn-tewrimth ceoxmtepnodeudndpaenrinoudaslfgorrodwetvherloapteinfgorcaodujnutsrtieesd. EBITDA in accordance with the faChosehrsnaiucmnmegpipranetigisromuntlhetssen.utTasweshasdesuyimneidtpaehtrneiloytincfiiamsesdpsh.aefillreomcwteenpdtrotbejeysctmtoioafnngsao,gocedomwueilldlnhts,aigisnnbipfeicaearntnictdluyolanarefftehincetthodeuisrtchiomirudpnaqtiurrmaatreetenart n2ed0v1ag4lur.oaNwtioothnnaeranetdde
Measurement of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
