· alatpersotje4cyteedarlopnlagn-tewrimth ceoxmtepnodeudndpaenrinoudaslfgorrodwetvherloapteinfgorcaodujnutsrtieesd. EBITDA in accordance with the faChosehrsnaiucmnmegpipranetigisromuntlhetssen.utTasweshasdesuyimneidtpaehtrneiloytincfiiamsesdpsh.aefillreomcwteenpdtrotbejeysctmtoioafnngsao,gocedomwueilldlnhts,aigisnnbipfeicaearntnictdluyolanarefftehincetthodeuisrtchiomirudpnaqtiurrmaatreetenart n2ed0v1ag4lur.oaNwtioothnnaeranetdde
The group is liable to pay income taxes in various countries. The calculation of the group's total tax charge necessarily involves a degree of estimation and judgment in respect of certain tax positions, the resolution for which is uncertain until an agreement has been reached with the relevant tax authority or, as appropriate, through a formal legal process. The final resolution of some of these items may give rise to material profits, losses and/or cash flows. The complexity of our structure following our geographic expansion makes the degree of estimation and judgment more challenging. The resolution of issues is not always within the control of the company and it is often dependent on the efficiency of the legal processes in the relevant taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. Issues can, and often do, take many years to resolve. Payments in respect of tax liabilities for an accounting period result from payments on account and on the final resolution of open items. As a result, there can be substantial differences between the tax charge in the consolidated income statement and tax payments. We also have exercised significant accounting judgment regarding net operating loss utilisation. The group also has exercised significant accounting judgment regarding the recognition of deferred tax assets. The recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon whether it is probable that sufficient and suitable taxable profits will be available in the future against which the reversal of deductible temporary differences can be realised. Where the temporary differences related to losses, the availability of the losses to offset against forecast taxable profits is also considered. Recognition therefore involves judgment regarding the future financial performance of the particular legal entity or tax group in which the deferred tax assets have been recognised. The amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements in respect of each matter are derived from the company's best estimation and judgment as described above. However, the inherent uncertainty regarding the outcome of these items means eventual resolution could differ from the accounting estimates and therefore impact the company's results and cash flow.
Measurement of provisions and allocation for accrued expenses
The group exercises judgment in connection with significant estimates in relation to staff-related costs and in measuring and recognising provisions and the exposures to contingent liabilities related to pending litigation or other outstanding claims subject to negotiated settlement, mediation, arbitration or government regulation, as well as other contingent liabilities. Judgment is necessary in assessing the likelihood that a pending claim will succeed, or a liability will arise, and to quantify the possible range of the financial settlement. Because of the inherent uncertainty in this evaluation process, actual losses may be different from the originally estimated provision.
Depreciation period for alarm equipment
The charge in respect of periodic depreciation for alarm equipment is derived after determining an estimate of expected useful life of alarm equipment and the expected residual value at the end of its life. Increasing expected life of an asset or its residual value results in a reduced depreciation charge recording in the consolidated income statement. The useful lives and residual values of our assets are determined by management at the time of acquisition and reviewed annually for appropriateness. The lives are based primarily on historical
F-8
eimxppearciet nthceeirinlifere, gsaurcdhs atos tchheanlifgeecsycinletoefchsunboslocgriybearnsdams wacerlol eascoannotimciipcaftaiocntorosf.future events which may
Note 2 Financial risk management
