-67 4,129
F-16
Notes to the Financial Statements
Verisure Holding AB (publ) ("the company") is an organised public limited liability company incorporated on 25 May 2011, in and under the laws of Sweden with the registration number 556854 1410 and its registered office in Malmo. Verisure Holding AB's address is Angbatsbron 1, Box 392, 201 23 Malmo. The company's ultimate parent entity is Dream LuxCo SCA ("LuxCo"), which operates in and under the laws of Luxembourg. LuxCo is owned by a consortium representing the interests of Bain Capital, Ltd ("Bain") and Hellman & Friedman LLC ("H&F"), global private equity investment firms, and management of the company.
Nature of operations
The group is a provider of high-quality monitored alarms based on a standardised range of alarm products to consumers and small businesses. The group operates in ten European countries and in three countries in Latin America. The European markets are Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, the BNreatzhiel.rlands, Belgium, Italy, France, Spain and Portugal. The Latin America markets are Chile, Peru and The core customer offering consists of three areas: professional monitored intrusion, fire and SOS alarms for the connected and protected home and business. Our core offering is complemented by smart home services and products such as smart plugs for controlling electric devices and appliances, integrated heating and cooling of the indoor climate and digital locks. Our specific offerings vary from omvaerrkteimt teo. market but the ambition is to launch all application areas to our entire geographical footprint The group is comprised of two business segments: customer acquisition and portfolio services. The customer acquisition segment sells and installs alarm systems for new customers in return for an ainsmtaolnlatthiolynsfuebe.scTrhipetiopnortfefoel.io services segment provides monitoring services to existing customers for
Basis of presentation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) approved by the EU. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments, which have been measured at fair value. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the assumption that the company is a going concern and will continue in operation for the foreseeable future. Management believes that the going concern assumption is appropriate for the company due to adequate liquidity, capital position, and continued improvement in operating results. Furthermore, management is not aware of any material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt upon the company's ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the financial statements continue to be prepared on the going concern basis.
Note 1 Accounting policies Summary of significant accounting policies
