These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) approved by the EU. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments, which have been measured at fair value. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the assumption that the company is a going concern and will continue in operation for the foreseeable future. Management believes that the going concern assumption is appropriate for the company due to adequate liquidity, capital position, and continued improvement in operating results. Furthermore, management is not aware of any material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt upon the company's ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the financial statements continue to be prepared on the going concern basis.
Verisure Holding applies the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) approved by the EU.
F-17
Basis of consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the results, cash flows and assets and liabilities of the group and entities controlled, both unilaterally and jointly, by the group. A subsidiary is an entity controlled, either directly or indirectly, by the group, where control is the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity so as to obtain benefit from its activities. The effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible is taken into account when determining whether the group has a controlling influence on another entity. Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the group has control. The group controls an entity when the group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. The accounting principles used by subsidiaries are adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with the principles applied by the group. All inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses attributable to inter company transactions are eliminated in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Business combinations Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration for the business combination is measured at fair value on the acquisition date, which is calculated as the sum on the acquisition date fair value of paid assets, liabilities that arise or are assumed and equity ownership issued in exchange for control of the acquired business. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in the income statement during the period in which they are incurred. Tanheacgorenesmideenrattcioonncaelsroniningclcuodnetsinfgaeirnvtacluoensoindethraetiaocnq. uisition date of the assets or liabilities arising from Changes to the fair value of a contingent consideration as a result of additional information, received post-acquisition, concerning facts and circumstances at the time on the acquisition date, qualify as adjustments during the assessment period and require retrospective restatement with corresponding adjustment of goodwill. All other changes to the fair value of an additional consideration that is classified as an asset or liability are recognised in accordance with the applicable standard. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and the subsequent settlement is recognised in equity. The identifiable acquired assets, assumed liabilities and contingent assets are recognised at fair value as at the acquisition date. Contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are recognised as existing liabilities arising from events that have occurred, if the fair value of which can be calculated in a reliable manner. In a business combination where the sum of the consideration, any non-controlling interests and the fair value on the acquisition date of previously-held equity interest exceeds the fair value on the acquisition date of identifiable acquired net assets, the difference is recognised as goodwill in the statement of financial position. If the difference is negative, the resulting gain on the acquisition is recognised as a bargain purchase in the income statement after review of the difference. In the case of each business combination, previously held non-controlling interests in the acquired company are measured either at fair value or at the value of the proportionate share of the non controlling interest of the acquired company's identifiable net assets.
F-18
Foreign currency translation Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented in euro (EUR), which is the parent company's functional and presentation currency.
Transactions and balances ffaTaerrrieenrtxoreccaacmeoonhntarggsaccafanninihnanciigssslatbeeeilsnoaaddtnctrlaeaaisaatidntneelscimtnsteioehteeipefttsnomhhrhtreieessenevrciefaogaucotifnrlnomiednicsnacegttdrtiuoeeoisavr.ncfrttiaeoadsttnlguhaecaneclmeyuilssderceraanooedrttmerenwacspotysehrafalenoltfnihninifnesegtalsthahn,teatreceanfoyiidndanrsldaeaiairinivgidncstinomdcteiouo.ictnmnahEuil.eserxcrtEcreofaohuxnmtracncivhncpfyeiagtnaidnoeaneegnnyxdneacpiuolifeadfsmencliifnrsuifeenegernxarrsetecpt,henneeewdccsnehysefrsierxeloiescncom.heenaaiWxvcnomcachgphbooeeealnernrndraesagattptiaaennernrecgsyddepipfiaittflrweeeireaimmrnivbtehgassinliilctatatiinhheerrgeeeess
Group companies The results and financial position of all group companies (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows: · Assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate on
