Transactions and balances ffaTaerrrieenrtxoreccaacmeoonhntarggsaccafanninihnanciigssslatbeeeilsnoaaddtnctrlaeaaisaatidntneelscimtnsteioehteeipefttsnomhhrhtreieessenevrciefaogaucotifnrlnomiednicsnacegttdrtiuoeeoisavr.ncfrttiaeoadsttnlguhaecaneclmeyuilssderceraanooedrttmerenwacspotysehrafalenoltfnihninifnesegtalsthahn,teatreceanfoyiidndanrsldaeaiairinivgidncstinomdcteiouo.ictnmnahEuil.eserxcrtEcreofaohuxnmtracncivhncpfyeiagtnaidnoeaneegnnyxdneacpiuolifeadfsmencliifnrsuifeenegernxarrsetecpt,henneeewdccsnehysefrsierxeloiescncom.heenaaiWxvcnomcachgphbooeeealnernrndraesagattptiaaennernrecgsyddepipfiaittflrweeeireaimmrnivbtehgassinliilctatatiinhheerrgeeeess
the date of that balance sheet. · Income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates. · All resulting translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income. On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of entities with a functional currency other than euro are expressed in euro using exchange rates prevailing on the end of reporting period date. Income and expense items and cash flows are translated at the average exchange rates for the period and exchange differences arising are recognised in comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or partially disposed of, translation differences that were recorded in equity are reclassified and recognised in the income statement as part of the gain or loss on sale. Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.
Segment reporting
The group's operating segments are identified by grouping together the business by revenue stream, as this is the basis on which information is provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) for the purposes of allocating resources within the group and assessing the performance of the group's businesses. The group has identified the management team as its CODM. The segments identified based on the group's operating activities are "customer acquisition" and "portfolio services" and are explained further below:
Customer acquisition This segment includes the part of the group that sells and installs wireless and wired alarms and security solutions for homes and small businesses. Sales and installations can be performed both by Verisure Holding's staff and by external partners. Each new customer generates installation income that is recognised when installation of the alarm equipment has been completed. The company's costs
F-19
for materials, installation, administration and marketing general exceed the non-recurring income, resulting in negative cash flow for the segment.
Portfolio services The portfolio services segment provides monitoring services to existing customers for a monthly subscription fee. We typically enter into self-renewing monitoring agreements with customers at the time of installation and the majority of customers pay via direct debit. We monitor our installed base of alarms through dedicated monitoring centres to verify alarms and initiate an appropriate response when an alarm is triggered. We also provide customer service and technical support for all our installed systems. Business segments are recognised using the same accounting policies as applied by the group.
Revenue recognition
