Portfolio services The portfolio services segment provides monitoring services to existing customers for a monthly subscription fee. We typically enter into self-renewing monitoring agreements with customers at the time of installation and the majority of customers pay via direct debit. We monitor our installed base of alarms through dedicated monitoring centres to verify alarms and initiate an appropriate response when an alarm is triggered. We also provide customer service and technical support for all our installed systems. Business segments are recognised using the same accounting policies as applied by the group.
tssaRrheeeceecrrcvvvoeceiigccponneetluelissesedcenhctdtaehaobtsemoiolngpiotflroycyivsocoaweudflsrhsurreeeet(hr-dvoeaeerdnattfdhhauneeeiedrdr,veriisagtwalihrushxeteeaptarosoeenofrrdsntethuhajedeaebcisrslcetyicvotoehanauessrensemidvutseircdh,eroeaadannst.nitcorldaeancpaotrsueffetacedaelr)i,saveateclhildcmeeesoipsnraataarlgteenirncecpgeeeriimvcspaeaerblnoeilsetvs,ifsfiwtxoihoerietndhthsidno,eertlsthidhvaeeeeletreycgorurmfoosgfuitnoopgamo,obdoealesrdnsdaahnnaoiddssr More specifically income is recognised as follows:
Alarm monitoring Income from alarm monitoring services is recognised during the period to which the service relates.
Installation fees As part of alarm installation, customers pay an installation fee and, in certain cases, payment for products sold. This fee is recognised when the installation is completed.
Interest income Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.
Financing The group from time to time offer financing to their customers. Some customers find it hard to pay the upfront fee. To minimise the risk to lose a customer because they cannot pay a high upfront fee the group decided to offer a financing solution to the customers in some markets. The decision to offer the financing alternative is thereby driven by our target to increase growth, not as a way to finance growth. There are two possible financing alternatives, internal and external financing.
External financing In the external financing, we offer the customer to pay part of the upfront fee over a certain period. The full amount is invoiced to the customer. The receivable is sold to a bank or some other finance institute. The bank will assume the receivable and the risk. We will account for this net and report the cash amount received from the bank as Installation revenue.
Internal financing orIunevscteinhergeivthaianebntlecearonpanapntlrrdaofincpthtarienapctereiirnsiokignd,tinewaroeneudsotrfrfrbeeaaprtelota.hrnteTechdece.uasAdstiofnofmeethrteeeprnrrtchereeesvebseneanttmuwveeae.leuanes ti(hnNePexVgtr)eorosnfsatlhafeminfaounutucnritneagpn. adHyotmhweeenNvtesPrViwsiecsakdleceuefelparrtteehdde
F-20
