Internal financing orIunevscteinhergeivthaianebntlecearonpanapntlrrdaofincpthtarienapctereiirnsiokignd,tinewaroeneudsotrfrfrbeeaaprtelota.hrnteTechdece.uasAdstiofnofmeethrteeeprnrrtchereeesvebseneanttmuwveeae.leuanes ti(hnNePexVgtr)eorosnfsatlhafeminfaounutucnritneagpn. adHyotmhweeenNvtesPrViwsiecsakdleceuefelparrtteehdde
Operating expenses
The company's business model involves sales and installation being carried out primarily by the same individuals. The costs of these activities are recognised in gross profit. This means that "cost of sales" includes some costs that are actually selling expenses but cannot be allocated to a specific function.
Income taxes
Income taxes include current and deferred tax. These taxes have been calculated at a nominal amount according to each country's tax provisions and the tax rates that have been defined or announced and are highly likely to become affected. Current tax is tax that is paid or received for the current year and includes any adjustments to current tax for prior years. In the case of items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, any tax effect on equity or other comprehensive income is also recognised. Deferred income tax is recognised using the balance sheet method, which means that deferred income tax is calculated on all temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the amounts can be utilised.
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are recognised at cost less accumulated depreciation and any cumulative impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they are incurred. Depreciation is based on the asset's cost and is allocated using the straight-line method over the asset's estimated useful life, as follows: Alarm equipment ................................................................................................................. 5-16 years Other machinery and equipment......................................................................................... 3-10 years Machinery and equipment are primarily alarm equipment installed on customers' premises. An asset's residual value and value-in-use are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, annually on the reporting date. An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the carrying amount is greater than the estimated recoverable amount. Gains and losses on disposals are recognised in the income statement as cost of sales.
Intangible assets
Goodwill In a business combination where the sum of the acquisition price, any minority interest and fair value of any previously held equity interest on the acquisition date exceeds the fair value of identifiable acquired net assets on that date, the difference is recognised as goodwill. Goodwill is allocated to the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows or cash-generating units (CGUs). Goodwill is not subject to amortisation and is tested for impairment annually, or as soon as there is an indication that the asset has declined in value, and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped at the CGU level. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Impairment losses recognised for goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period.
