Intangible assets
F-21
aRrinase-tsuecesottehv,feaotrtrharewbelhfeeliescacthimtmstohacuetuenredrtesiftsnuimtttuhmareteaehrsckiageoshtfheafursftlsoouewfresfsascimararveseahnldtusfilesoocwlfoestushsnhetacetvoidemsttensoovtttohabeluseiereelnplorafeanmsddejuonvsntateevluydae.lau-inend-uutssheien.grIinaskapssrsesep-tseascxinifdigcisvtcoaoluuthene-t Tusheedgirnouthpe pvraelupea-riens-uasnedcaalpcpurlaotvioenssf.ormal four-year management plans for its operations, which are eGnatiintyssaonldd. losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the Customer portfolio The customer portfolio includes contract portfolios and associated customer relationships. These are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortisation and any impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. Depreciation is based on the asset's cost and is on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life. Customer acquisition costs The group capitalises direct costs related to the acquisition of customer contracts as intangible assets, as they fulfil the requirement in IAS 38, intangible assets, of internally generated intangible assets. Other intangible assets Other intangible assets are primarily computer software, rental rights and trademark. Rental rights usually have a limited useful life and are recognised at cost less cumulative amortisation and any cumulative impairment loss. Acquired software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over the asset's estimated useful life. Development costs for new identifiable and unique software products are capitalised if they are controlled by the group and are likely to generate economic benefits. The capitalised amounts consist of direct costs and the capitalisable portion of indirect costs. Costs associated with developing or maintaining computer software are expensed as incurred. Capitalised development costs have a definable useful life and are amortised on a straight-line basis from the date the software entered use. Amortisation for all intangible assets is measured using the straight-line method during the useful life, as follows: Customer portfolio ................................................................................................................ 5-16 years Computer software................................................................................................................ 3-10 years Other intangible assets......................................................................................................... 3-18 years Rental rights and similar rights are amortised over the same period as the underlying contract. An asset's residual value and value-in-use are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, annually on the reporting date. An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the carrying amount is greater than the estimated recoverable amount.
Impairment of non-financial assets
Aasunsbnsejuetascltlywtoiothramaasnorstiinosdoaentifoinanisteaarenusrienefdvuiilecwalifteeiodnafroeermnimeortpgaesisurmbtjheeancttt twthoheeyanmheoavrveteirsaedtveioecnnretsaansoedrdcahrineanvtgeaeslusteed.inAfcosirsrceiutmsmptsahtiaarmnt ceaernest rirneedccioocvgaenterisaetbhdleaftoatrmhteohuerneatcmoisovteuhrneatbhbleiyghwaemhricoohufnathtnemaaasssyseefta'ts'lslfacsiahrrovrryatilnuogef atlhemessocucanortsryetsixnctgoeeasdemslloiautsnndrt.evcAaonlvueeirm-ainpb-alueisramem.eonut nlot.sTshies
F-22
tVaau(hWrnnaeedilAtusgeCee)rx.-sCoitnteu)im,-npuwteashdteoeifcsaish.ot tptThhiseheereuaplsotmrienewdogsesetstonctsatdliepvgivsaintecaliuflolisecueafnoomntfrtpfewualsohtstuyiismcreuehdamcttehpaadetsnirhodcenaftlassohrhweeresfsllr.aoeetwFlepeosavtroraaatnhntoetedrlgpypiasruiendmr-ieptcaenoxsatsiasfewiluaeeorbseiflgedgahrscotoseanwedsttshhhsae,fivlnotehbgwreaasismgois(eppceoaacrifsroaamhsts-itnegsngeoutnfm,mecapraasatripstogieinintnatgss,l With the exception of impairment losses on goodwill, previously recognised impairment losses are Itddirrhtmeeseeevvpptreeeaerrrrnescismrecaoemiwilvdaneeotiinnrofcoagtantnbhlrlotleryehayseinsinamiedfgmrspeaoaacoauimonrmcnmvhotgoe.eraourtnnAainostgbatdrellteeowidovsiolhevnsleaar)asisslsuraheelcanoaondocwrfectrhaivuteeheerdpnerrxercoredteeiuhvmveiteoedrpteuroaisgmswierianmpdhirmc.adaeriipternnmaagtsisrehmleontohsteutehsnlldeotsanlcsohsoassatrwsuvrybaemiiessnpegbotnreienoaeclnymrnosegorcetnuothchingesoatnegtiodcsnf.afeiostrdIhrerfmyedtiihnenitmgidostphtaithasehmeiretehfoeidreuxbsnttaaectssanpissst(leaaetthcf,ftoetaeoa.rrt
Inventories
Inventories are recognised at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in-first-out method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable direct selling expenses.
