Inventories
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable in the future arising from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred income tax is recognised using the balance sheet method, which means that deferred income tax is calculated on all temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profits nor the accounting profit. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, and interest in joint ventures, except where the group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax is calculated at tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised based on tax laws and rates that have been enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is charged or credited to the income statement, except when it relates to items charged or credited in other comprehensive income, in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income. Deferred tax assets on losses carry forward are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the amounts can be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed on each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
Provisions
A provision is a liability of uncertain timing or amount and is generally recognised when the group has a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that payment will be made to settle the obligation and the payment can be estimated reliably.
F-23
Financial instruments
The group classifies its financial instruments as:  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, held for trading  Loans and trade receivables  Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  Other financial liabilities The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date - the date on which the group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of "financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss" are recognised as a financial item as incurred. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been transferred and the group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets held for trading and are primarily derivative instruments. Derivatives are classified as held for trading unless they are designated as hedges. Assets in this category are classified as current or non-current assets depending on purpose and management intention.
Derivative instruments The group's activities expose it to financial risk arising from changes in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the group's treasury policy approved by the board of directors. This policy provides written principles on the use of financial derivatives consistent with the group's risk management strategy. The group uses interest rate swaps to economically hedge cash flows due to interest rate risk on the group's long-term debt. The group has no derivatives that are designated for hedge accounting. The group does not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. All derivative instruments are recognised initially either as assets or liabilities at fair value on the trade date in the consolidated balance sheet and are subsequently revalued at fair value on each reporting date. The changes in value of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are recognised in the income statement under finance income or finance costs line items. The components and fair values of the group's derivative instruments are determined using the fair value measurements of significant other observable inputs, classified as level 2 of the fair value ohfietrhaercuhny.deTrhlyeincgominpsatrnuymuesnet.s observable market inputs based on the type of derivative and the nature Loans and trade receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. They arise when the group provides goods or services directly to a customer without any intention of trading the receivable that arises. They are included in current assets, except for maturities greater than 12 months after the balance sheet date, which are classified as non-current assets.
