The group classifies its financial instruments as:  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, held for trading  Loans and trade receivables  Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  Other financial liabilities The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date - the date on which the group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of "financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss" are recognised as a financial item as incurred. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been transferred and the group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets held for trading and are primarily derivative instruments. Derivatives are classified as held for trading unless they are designated as hedges. Assets in this category are classified as current or non-current assets depending on purpose and management intention.
Loans and trade receivables Loans and trade receivables do not carry any interest and are stated at their nominal value less any provision for bad debts. There are no loans or trade receivables that are classified as available for sale or held for trading as a result of the fair value election. A provision for bad debts is made when there is objective evidence that the group will not receive all amounts due. Estimated bad debt provision is abraesewdritotennthoeffawgheeinngmoaf nthaegeremceenivtadbeleembaslathnecmesnaontdtohibsetocriocallel cetxibpleer.ience. Individual trade receivables
F-24
The provision is recognised under "cost of sales" in the income statement.
Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.
Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss This category solely includes financial liabilities held for trading and relates primarily to derivative instruments. Derivatives are classified as held for trading unless they are designated as hedges. Derivative instruments are classified as current or non-current liabilities depending on purpose and management intention.
Liabilities to credit institutions Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less transaction costs and thereafter at amortised cost. Any difference between the net amount received (less transaction costs) and the repaid amount is recognised in the income statement over the term of the loan using the effective interest method.
Trade payables Trade payables are recognised at fair value.
Employee benefit expense
