Trade payables Trade payables are recognised at fair value.
The group offers both defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans. Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit schemes under which the company pays fixed contributions into a separate legal entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions. Costs for defined contribution schemes are expensed in the period during which the employee carried out his or her work. Costs are in line with the payments made during the period. Defined benefit plans are post-employment benefit schemes other than defined contribution plans. The pension calculations are based on actuarial assumptions. The group's contributions to defined contribution pension plans are charged to the income statement as they fall due. All pension liabilities in Swedish units are classified as defined contribution plans, except for some employees covered by insurance premiums paid to Alecta. This is a defined benefit plan which covers multiple employees. For the financial year 2014, the group did not have access to the information required to allow this plan to be reported as a defined benefit plan. The pension obligations are, therefore, recognised as a defined contribution plan.
Leases
Leases in which the company substantially enjoys the financial benefits and carries the financial risks that pertain to them - known as finance leases - are recognised as noncurrent assets in the consolidated statements of financial position.
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
New and amended standards adopted by the group Tonheofroalloftewrin1gJsatnaunadrayrd20h1a4s: been adopted by the group for the first time for the financial year beginning The implementation of IFRS 10 Consolidation has only affected our disclosures.
F-25
New standards and interpretations not yet adopted A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2015, and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statement. None of these is expected to have an effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Group, except the following set out below: IFRS 9, `Financial instruments', addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. The complete version of IFRS 9 was issued in July 2014. It replaces the guidance in IAS 39 that relates to the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The standard is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The group is yet to assess IFRS 9's full impact. IFRS 15, `Revenue from contracts with customers' deals with revenue recognition and establishes principles for reporting useful information to users of financial statements about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity's contracts with customers. Revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control of a good or service and thus has the ability to direct the use and obtain the benefits from the good or service. The standard replaces IAS 18 `Revenue' and IAS 11 `Construction contracts' and related interpretations. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017 and earlier application is permitted. The group is yet to assess IFRS 15 full impact. There are no other IFRSs or IFRIC interpretations that are not yet effective that would be expected to have a material impact on the group.
Note 2 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
