New standards and interpretations not yet adopted A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2015, and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statement. None of these is expected to have an effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Group, except the following set out below: IFRS 9, `Financial instruments', addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. The complete version of IFRS 9 was issued in July 2014. It replaces the guidance in IAS 39 that relates to the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The standard is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The group is yet to assess IFRS 9's full impact. IFRS 15, `Revenue from contracts with customers' deals with revenue recognition and establishes principles for reporting useful information to users of financial statements about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity's contracts with customers. Revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control of a good or service and thus has the ability to direct the use and obtain the benefits from the good or service. The standard replaces IAS 18 `Revenue' and IAS 11 `Construction contracts' and related interpretations. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017 and earlier application is permitted. The group is yet to assess IFRS 15 full impact. There are no other IFRSs or IFRIC interpretations that are not yet effective that would be expected to have a material impact on the group.
When applying the group's accounting policies, management must make assumptions and estimates concerning the future that affect the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, the disclosure of contingencies that existed on the balance sheet date and the amounts of revenue and expenses recognised during the accounting period. Such assumptions and estimates are based on factors such as historical experience, the observance of trends in the industries in which the group operates and information available from the group's customers and other outside sources. Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the group has control. The group controls an entity when the group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making assumptions and estimates, actual outcomes could differ from those assumptions and estimates. An analysis of key areas of estimates uncertainties on the balance sheet date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the group's assets and liabilities within the next financial year is discussed below.  Testing for impairment of goodwill and other assets (note 18)  Measurement of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities (note 21)  Measurement of provisions and allocation for accrued expenses (note 27 and 28)  Depreciation period for alarm equipment and amortisation period for customer portfolio (note 17
and 19)
Testing for impairment of goodwill and other assets
IFRS requires management to undertake an annual test for impairment of indefinite-life assets and, for finite-life assets, to test for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When testing for impairment of goodwill and other assets, the carrying amount should be compared with the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value-in-use. Impairment testing is an area involving management judgment, requiring assessment as to whether the carrying value of assets can be supported by the net present value of future cash flow derived from
F-26
ttaspuehusnrseecsctrsheieenetrg'tnaasatsrivpensvaueanlrmutlpusoeaoer-mtusitnoesea-firsnulstlgyhs,aeeinnncdoifacsusltuqiuuhsudsremoiufnltaogeeclwlaadymsstphpuharrrenfioecloajdveewgascoe,ltunaimcoeventeaharsntieglaatw'aisbnbihlnaeeaiscsxsttihpsosweuhoehcmafsitcavptahitemtsiiootsahnbnuteesesmecotanpahfr:tereidoryinfrsaiensciqrgoauvuaniarnmdeltuedoeedutsolnteaimtsbtsieasatnccmeoosaasm.pdtsIpepnatroiocnrepasrdrleecialufslotpleaarentiicrmnatagtpsoeas.ftheihrSetmi,ginetnhhcneleeytt  Long-term sales growth rates  Growth in adjusted EBITDA  Timing and quantum of future capital expenditure  Change in working capital  The selection of discount rates to reflect the risks involved The group prepares and approves formal four-year management plans for operations, which are used in value-in-use calculations. For the purposes of the calculation, a longterm growth rate into perpetuity has been determined as:  An assumed 3% growth rate for mature markets  A projected long-term compound annual growth rate for adjusted EBITDA in 5-10 years estimated
by management for developing countries The group would not have any impairment issues if the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) used was 1% higher or if the compound annual growth rate was 1% lower. Changing the assumptions selected by management, in particular the discount rate and growth rate assumptions used in the cash flow projections, could significantly affect impairment evaluation and hence results.
Measurement of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
