by management for developing countries The group would not have any impairment issues if the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) used was 1% higher or if the compound annual growth rate was 1% lower. Changing the assumptions selected by management, in particular the discount rate and growth rate assumptions used in the cash flow projections, could significantly affect impairment evaluation and hence results.
The group is liable to pay income taxes in various countries. The calculation of the group's total tax charge necessarily involves a degree of estimation and judgment in respect of certain tax positions the resolution of which is uncertain until an agreement has been reached with the relevant tax authority or, as appropriate, through a formal legal process. The final resolution of some of these items may give rise to material profits, losses and/or cash flows. The complexity of the group's structure following geographic expansion makes the degree of estimation and judgment more challenging. The resolution of issues is not always within the control of the company and it is often dependent on the efficiency of the legal processes in the relevant taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. Issues can, and often do, take many years to resolve. Payments in respect of tax liabilities for an accounting period result from payments on account and on the final resolution of open items. As a result, there may be substantial differences between the tax charge in the consolidated income statement and tax payments. The group has also exercised significant accounting judgment regarding net operating loss utilisation. Moreover, the group has exercised significant accounting judgements regarding the recognition of deferred tax assets. The recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon whether it is probable that sufficient and suitable taxable profits will be available in the future against which the reversal of deductible temporary differences can be realised. Where the temporary differences related to losses, the availability of the losses to offset against forecast taxable profits is also considered. Recognition therefore involves judgment regarding the future financial performance of the particular legal entity or tax group in which the deferred tax assets have been recognised. The amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements in respect of each matter are derived from the company's best estimation and judgment as described above. However, the inherent
F-27
aucnccoeurtnatiinntgy eresgtimaradtiensg atnhde tohuetrceofomree iomfptahcetsteheitecmoms pmaenayn'ssreesvuelntstuaanl drecsaoslhutfiolonw.could differ from the
Measurement of provisions and allocation for accrued expenses
The group exercises judgm ent in connection w ith significant estim ates in relation to staff-related costs and in m easuring and recognising provisions and the exposures to contingent liabilities related to pending litigation or other outstanding claim s subject to negotiated settlem ent, m ediation, arbitration or governm ent regulation, as w ell as other contingent liabilities. Jud gm e nt is necessary in assessing the likelihood that a pending claim will succeed, or a liability will arise, and to quantify the possible range of the financial settlem ent. Because of the inherent uncertainty in this evaluation process, actual losses m ay be different from the originally estim ated provision.
Depreciation period for alarm equipment and amortisation period for customer portfolio
The charge in respect of periodic depreciation fo r alarm equipm ent as w ell as the am ortisation of the custom er portfolio is derived after determ ining an estim ate of expected useful life of alarm equipm ent established useful life of custom ers and the expected residual value at the end of life. An increase in the expected life of an asset or its residual value results in a reduced depreciation/am ortisation charge being recorded in the consolidated incom e statem ent. The useful lives and residual values of group assets are determ ined by m anagem ent at the tim e of acquisition and are reviewed annually for appropriateness. The lives are based prim arily on historical experience with regards to the lifecycle of custom ers as well as anticipation of future events that m ay im pact useful life, such as changes in techn olo gy and m acroeconom ic factors.
Note 3 Financial risk management
