The charge in respect of periodic depreciation fo r alarm equipm ent as w ell as the am ortisation of the custom er portfolio is derived after determ ining an estim ate of expected useful life of alarm equipm ent established useful life of custom ers and the expected residual value at the end of life. An increase in the expected life of an asset or its residual value results in a reduced depreciation/am ortisation charge being recorded in the consolidated incom e statem ent. The useful lives and residual values of group assets are determ ined by m anagem ent at the tim e of acquisition and are reviewed annually for appropriateness. The lives are based prim arily on historical experience with regards to the lifecycle of custom ers as well as anticipation of future events that m ay im pact useful life, such as changes in techn olo gy and m acroeconom ic factors.
The group is exposed to risks relating to financial instrum ents including short-term investm ents, trade receivables, trade payables, borrow ings and derivatives. Risks relating to these instrum ents are prim arily: · Credit risk · Liquidity risk · M arket risk The group treasury policy states how financial risks should be m anaged and controlled. Risk m anagem ent is carried out using derivative financial instrum ents in accordance w ith the lim itations set out in the treasury policy. The treasury policy contains guidelines fo r the adm inistration of operating risks that arise in the m anagem ent of financial instrum ents. The guidelines include clear division of roles and responsibilities, and the allocation of proxies. The m anagem ent of financial risks has been centralised to the group treasury departm ent. Group treasury function's responsibility includes external banking relations, finance costs, interest-bearing liabilities and liquidity m anagem ent.
Credit risk
C redit risk is the risk of loss if the opposite party, w ith w hich the grou p has a claim , is unable to fulfil its obligations. These risks are apportioned between credit risk from trade receivables and financial credit risk. The com pany lim its credit risk by only using banks w ith a high credit rating. Investm ents of cash and cash equivalents are m ade only with banks with a m inim um A rating according to Standard & Poor's. Maxim um credit exposure representing the value of our trade receivables at the end of Decem ber 2014, was EUR 67,673 thousand (59,893).
F-28
Credit risk from trade receivables
The group has no significant concentrations of credit risk in relation to trade receivables. The g rou p's credit policy ensures that credit m anagem ent includes use of credit ratings, credit limits, decision m aking structures and m anagem ent of doubtful claim s. The po licy's goal is to ensure that sales are m ade only to custom ers with an appropriate credit rating. W hile the trade receivables closely follow the geography of group operations, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk by custom er as the group has a large num ber of custom ers in m any countries that are not individually significant or related. Due to this, m anagem ent believes no further credit risk provision is required in excess of the norm al provision for bad and doubtful receivables.
EURthousand
2014
