Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing director for the consolidated financial statements
Auditor's responsibility
O ur responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statem ents based on our audit. W e conducted our audit in accordance w ith International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden. Those standards require that w e com ply w ith ethical requirem ents and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about w hether the consolidated financial statem ents are free from material m isstatem ent. An audit involves perform ing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the am ounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statem ents. The procedures selected depend on the au d ito r's judgem ent, including the assessm ent of the risks of material m isstatem ent of the consolidated financial statem ents, w hether due to fraud or error. In m aking those risk assessm ents, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the C om pany's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statem ents in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circum stances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the C om pany's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estim ates m ade by the Board of Directors and the M anaging director, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence w e have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statem ents present fairly, in all m aterial respects, the financial position of the Com pany as at Decem ber 31,2014, and the operations and cash flows for the period
F-48
from January 1, 2014 through D ecem ber 31, 2014, in accordance w ith International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU.
Basis of Accounting and Use
W ithout m odifying our opinion, we draw attention to the Notes of the consolidated financial statements, w hich describes the basis of preparation and accounting. The consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared by the Board of Directors and the M anaging director to present the operations of Verisure H olding AB (publ) for the full year 2014, in order to fulfil the reporting requirem ents of the Euro MTF M arket of the Luxem bourg Stock Exchange. As a result, the consolidated financial statem ents m ay not be suitable for other purposes.
