Verisure H olding AB (publ) ("the com p an y") is an organised public lim ited liability com pany incorporated on 25 M ay 2011, in and under the laws of Sweden w ith the registration num ber 556854 1410 and its registered office in M alm o. V erisure H oldin g A B 's ad dress is A n g b a tsb ro n 1, B ox 392, 201 23 Malmo. The com p an y's ultim ate parent entity is Dream LuxCo SCA (" LuxC o"), w hich operates in and under the laws of Luxem bourg. LuxCo is ow ned by a consortium representing the interests of Bain C apital, Ltd ("Bain") and Hellm an & Friedm an LLC (" H &F"), global private equity investm ent firm s, and managem ent of the company.
The group is a provider of high-quality m onitored alarm s based on a standardised range of alarm products to consum ers and sm all and m edium -sized businesses. The group operates in ten European countries and in three countries in Latin Am erica. The European m arkets are Finland, Sw eden, Norway, Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium , Italy, France, Spain and Portugal. The Latin Am erica m arkets are Chile, Peru and Brazil. A typical installed alarm consists of an electronic central unit for com m unication and control and other alarm com ponents, a keypad for arm ing and disarm ing the system, an alarm siren, cam era or m otion detectors, m agnetic contacts and alarm stickers, and (in som e m arkets) sm oke detectors. The g rou p's products are prim arily wireless, though the com pany also supplies custom -designed w ired solutions to sm all and m edium -sized businesses. The group is com prised of tw o business segm ents: custom er acquisition and portfolio services. The custom er acquisition segm ent sells and installs alarm system s fo r new custom ers in return for an installation fee. The portfolio services segm ent provides m onitoring services to existing custom ers for a m onthly subscription fee.
Basis of presentation
These consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance w ith the International Financial R eporting Standards (IFRS) approved by the EU. The consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instrum ents, financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss and business acquisitions, w hich have all been m easured at fair value. These co n so lid a te d financial statem ents have been prepared on the a ssum p tio n tha t the c o m p a n y is a going concern and w ill continue in operation for the foreseeable future. M anagem ent believes that the going concern assum ption is appropriate for the com pany due to adequate liquidity, capital position, and continued im provem ent in operating results. Furtherm ore, m anagem ent is not aw are of any material uncertainties that m ay cast significant doubt upon the com pany's ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the financial statem ents continue to be prepared on the going concern basis.
Note 1 Accounting policies Summary of significant accounting policies
Verisure Holding applies the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) approved by the EU.
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statem ents include the results, cash flows and assets and liabilities of the group and entities controlled, both unilaterally and jointly, by the group.
F-54
