The consolidated financial statem ents include the results, cash flows and assets and liabilities of the group and entities controlled, both unilaterally and jointly, by the group.
A subsidiary is an entity controlled, either directly or indirectly, by the group, w here control is the pow er to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity so as to obtain benefit from its activities. The effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible is taken into account w hen determ ining w hether the group has a controlling influence on another entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. The accounting principles used by subsidiaries are adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with the principles applied by the group. All inter-com pany transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses attributable to inter com pany transactions are elim inated in the preparation of the consolidated financial statem ents.
Business combinations
Business com binations are accounted for using the acquisition m ethod. The consideration for the business com bination is m easured at fair value on the acquisition date, w hich is calculated as the sum on the acquisition date fair value of paid assets, liabilities that arise or are assum ed and equity ow nership issued in exchange for control of the acquired business. A cquisition-related costs are recognised in the incom e statem ent during the period in w hich they are incurred. The consideration also includes fair value on the acquisition date of the assets or liabilities arising from an agreem ent concerning contingent consideration. Changes to the fair value of a contingent consideration as a result of additional inform ation, received post-acquisition, concerning facts and circum stances at the tim e on the acquisition date, qualify as adjustm ents during the assessm ent period and require retrospective restatem ent with corresponding adjustm ent of goodw ill. All other changes to the fair value of an additional consideration that is classified as an asset or liability are recognised in accordance w ith the applicable standard. C ontingent con sid era tion tha t is classified as e q uity is not rem easured and the su b se q u e n t settle m en t is recognised in equity. The identifiable acquired assets, assum ed liabilities and contingent assets are recognised at fair value as at the acquisition date. C ontingent liabilities assum ed in a business com bination are recognised as existing liabilities arising from events that have occurred, the fair value of w hich can be calculated in a reliable manner. In a business com bination w here the sum of the consideration, any non-controlling interests and the fair value on the acquisition date of previously-held equity interest exceeds the fair value on the acquisition date of identifiable acquired net assets, the difference is recognised as goodw ill in the statem ent o f financial position. If the difference is negative, the resulting gain on the acq u isitio n is recognised as a bargain purchase in the incom e statem ent after review of the difference. In the case of each business com bination, previously-held non-controlling interests in the acquired com pany are measured either at fair value or at the value of the proportionate share of the non controlling interest of the acquired com pany's identifiable net assets.
Foreign currency translation
Functional and presentation currency
Item s included in the financial statem ents of each of the g ro u p 's entities are m easured using the currency of the prim ary econom ic environm ent in w hich the entity operates (the functional currency). The consolidated financial statem ents are presented in euro (EUR), w hich is the parent com p an y's functional and presentation currency.
Transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currency are translated into the functional currency in accordance w ith the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transaction. Exchange differences on m onetary items are
