Transactions and balances
F-55
recognised in the incom e statem ent w hen the y arise. E xchange differences from operating item s are recognised as either cost of sales or selling and adm inistrative expenses, while exchange differences from financial items are recognised as financial incom e or financial expenses. W hen preparing the financial statem ents of individual com panies, foreign currency denom inated receivables and liabilities are translated to the functional currency of the individual com pany using the exchange rates prevailing at each balance sheet date.
Group companies
The results and financial position of all group com panies (none of w hich has the currency of a hyperinflationary econom y) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows: · Assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate on the
date of that balance sheet. · Incom e and expenses for each incom e statem ent are translated at average exchange rates. · All resulting translation differences are recognised in other com prehensive incom e. On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of entities with a functional currency other than euro are expressed in euro using exchange rates prevailing on the end of reporting period date. Incom e and expense items and cash flows are translated at the average exchange rates for the period and exchange differences arising are re co gn ise d in com p reh en sive incom e. W hen a foreign op eration is sold or partially disposed of, translation differences that w ere recorded in equity are reclassified and recognised in the incom e statem ent as part of the gain or loss on sale. Goodwill and fair value adjustm ents arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.
Segment reporting
The group's operating segm ents are identified by grouping together the business by revenue stream, as this is the basis on w hich inform ation is provided to the chief operating decision m aker (CODM) for the purposes of allocating resources within the group and assessing the perform ance of the group's businesses. The group has identified the executive m anagem ent group as its CODM. The segm ents identified based on the g ro u p 's operating activities are "custom er acq uisitio n" and " portfolio services" and are explained further below:
Customer acquisition
