The group's operating segm ents are identified by grouping together the business by revenue stream, as this is the basis on w hich inform ation is provided to the chief operating decision m aker (CODM) for the purposes of allocating resources within the group and assessing the perform ance of the group's businesses. The group has identified the executive m anagem ent group as its CODM. The segm ents identified based on the g ro u p 's operating activities are "custom er acq uisitio n" and " portfolio services" and are explained further below:
This segm ent includes the part of the group that sells and installs wireless and w ired alarm s and security solutions for hom es and sm all businesses. Sales and installations can be perform ed both by V erisure's staff and by external partners. Each new cu sto m e r generates installation inco m e tha t is recognised w hen installation of the alarm equipm ent has been com pleted. The com p an y's costs for materials, installation, adm inistration and m arketing general exceed the nonrecurring income, resulting in negative cash flow for the segm ent.
Portfolio services
All custom ers are connected to dedicated alarm centres that handle alarm m onitoring and custom er support. Alarm centres are the core of Verisure's business. Existing custom ers generate a m onthly revenue stream as they subscribe to the g ro u p 's services. This segm ent generates stable positive cash flow. The cost base is also m ore stable in this segm ent and prim arily com prises fixed salaries or fees to external partners. Business segm ents are recognised using the sam e accounting policies as applied by the group.
F-56
Revenue recognition
Revenue com prises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services net of valu e-a dd ed tax and discounts, an d after elim in ating sales w ithin the grou p, and is recognised only w here there is persuasive evidence of a sales agreem ent, the delivery of goods or services has occurred and, where there are contractual acceptance provisions, the custom er has accepted the goods (or the right to reject them has lapsed), the sale price is fixed or determ inable and the collectability of revenue is reasonably assured. M ore specifically incom e is recognised as follow s:
Alarm monitoring
Incom e from alarm m onitoring services is recognised during the period to w hich the service relates.
