Income taxes
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipm ent are recognised at cost less accum ulated depreciation and any cum ulative im pairm ent losses. C ost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. S ubsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying am ount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only w hen it is probable that the future econom ic benefits associated w ith the item w ill flow to the group and the cost of the item can be m easured reliably. All other repairs and m aintenance are charged to the incom e statem ent during the financial period in w hich they are incurred. D epreciation is based on the asset's cost and is allocated using the straight-line m ethod over the asset's estim ated useful life, as fo llo w s : A larm e q u ip m e n t................................................................................................................................................. 6 -1 6 years O ther m ach in ery and e q u ip m e n t ................................................................................................................ 3 -1 0 years M achinery and equipm ent are prim arily alarm equipm ent installed on custom ers' premises.
F-57
An asset's residual value and value-in-use are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, annually on the reporting date. An asset's carrying am ount is w ritten dow n im m ediately to its recoverable am ount if the carrying am ount is greater than the estim ated recoverable am ount. Gains and losses on disposals are recognised in the incom e statem ent as cost of sales.
Intangible assets
Goodwill
In a business com bination w here the sum of the acquisition price, any m inority interest and fair value of any previously held equity interest on the acquisition date exceeds the fair value of identifiable acquired net assets on that date, the difference is recognised as goodw ill. G oodw ill is allocated to the lowest levels for w hich there are separately identifiable cash flow s or cash-generating units (CGUs). G oodw ill is not subject to am ortisation and is tested for im pairm ent annually, or as soon as there is an indication that the asset has declined in value, and carried at cost less accum ulated im pairm ent losses. For the purpose of im pairm ent testing, assets are grouped at the CGU level. If the recoverable am ount of the CGU is less than the carrying am ount of the unit, the im pairm ent loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying am ount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata on the basis of the carrying am ount of each asset in the unit. Im pairm ent losses recognised for goodw ill are not reversed in a subsequent period. R ecoverable am ount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. In assessing valuein-use, the estim ated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current m arket assessm ents of the tim e value of m oney and the risks specific to the asset for which the estim ates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. The group prepares and approves form al three-to-four-year m anagem ent plans for its operations, w hich are used in the value-in-use calculations. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying am ount of goodw ill relating to the entity sold.
Customer portfolio
