Deferred tax is calculated at tax rates that are expected to ap ply in the period w hen the liability is settled or the asset is realised based on tax laws and rates that have been enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is charged or credited to the incom e statem ent, except w hen it relates to item s charged or credited in other com prehensive incom e, in w hich case the deferred tax is also recognised in other com prehensive income. Deferred tax assets on losses carry forw ard are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against w hich the am ounts can be utilised. The carrying am ount of deferred tax assets is reviewed on each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset w hen there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and w hen they relate to incom e taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
Financial instrum ents The group classifies its financial instrum ents as:  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, held for trading  Loans and trade receivables  Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  O ther financial liabilities The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date - the date on which the group com m its to purchase or sell the asset. G ains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of "financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss" are recognised as a financial item as incurred. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the investm ents have expired or have been transferred and the group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets held for trading and are prim arily derivative instrum ents. Derivatives are classified as held for trading unless they are designated as hedges. Assets in this category are classified as current o r non-current assets depending on purpose and m anagem ent intention.
Derivative instruments
The g ro u p 's activities expose it to financial risk arising from changes in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the g ro u p 's treasury po licy approved by the board of directors. This policy provides w ritten principles on the use of financial derivatives consistent w ith the g ro u p 's risk m anagem ent strategy. The group uses interest rate sw aps to econom ically hedge cash flows due to interest rate risk on the group's long-term debt. The group has no derivatives that are designated for hedge accounting. The group does not use derivative financial instrum ents for speculative purposes.
F-60
All derivative instrum ents are recognised initially either as assets or liabilities at fair value on the trade date in the consolidated balance sheet and are subsequently revalued at fair value on each reporting date. The changes in value of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are recognised in the incom e statem ent under finance incom e or finance costs line items. The com ponents and fair values of the group's derivative instrum ents are determ ined using the fair value m easurem ents of significant other observable inputs, classified as level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The com pany uses observable m arket inputs based on the type of derivative and the nature of the underlying instrum ent. Loans and trade receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determ inable paym ents that are not quoted in an active market. They arise w hen the group provides goods or services directly to a custom er w ithout any intention of trading the receivable that arises. They are included in current assets, except for m aturities greater than 12 m onths after the balance sheet date, w hich are classified as non-current assets.
Loans and trade receivables
