All derivative instrum ents are recognised initially either as assets or liabilities at fair value on the trade date in the consolidated balance sheet and are subsequently revalued at fair value on each reporting date. The changes in value of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are recognised in the incom e statem ent under finance incom e or finance costs line items. The com ponents and fair values of the group's derivative instrum ents are determ ined using the fair value m easurem ents of significant other observable inputs, classified as level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The com pany uses observable m arket inputs based on the type of derivative and the nature of the underlying instrum ent. Loans and trade receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determ inable paym ents that are not quoted in an active market. They arise w hen the group provides goods or services directly to a custom er w ithout any intention of trading the receivable that arises. They are included in current assets, except for m aturities greater than 12 m onths after the balance sheet date, w hich are classified as non-current assets.
Loans and trade receivables do not carry any interest and are stated at their nom inal value less any provision for bad debts. There are no loans or trade receivables that are classified as available for sale or held for trading as a result of the fair value election. A provision for bad debts is m ade w hen there is ob jective evidence tha t the g ro u p w ill not receive all am o un ts due. E stim ated bad de b t provision is based on the ageing of the receivable balances and historical experience. Individual trade receivables are written off when m anagem ent deem s them not to be collectible. The provision is recognised under "cost of sales" in the incom e statem ent.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call w ith banks and other short-term liquid investm ents with original m aturities of three m onths or less.
Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
This category solely includes financial liabilities held for trading and relates prim arily to derivative instrum ents. Derivatives are classified as held for trading unless they are designated as hedges. Derivative instrum ents are classified as current or non-current liabilities depending on purpose and m anagem ent intention.
Liabilities to credit institutions
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less transaction costs and thereafter at am ortised cost. A ny difference betw een the net a m o u n t received (less tra nsactio n costs) and the repaid a m o u n t is recognised in the incom e statem ent over the term of the loan using the effective interest m ethod.
Trade payables
