Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less transaction costs and thereafter at am ortised cost. A ny difference betw een the net a m o u n t received (less tra nsactio n costs) and the repaid a m o u n t is recognised in the incom e statem ent over the term of the loan using the effective interest m ethod.
Trade payables are recognised at fair value.
Em ployee benefit expense The group offers both defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans. Defined contribution plans are post-em ploym ent benefit schem es under w hich the com pany pays fixed contributions into a separate legal entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions. C osts for defined contribution schem es are expensed in the period during w hich the em ployee carried out his or her w ork. C osts are in line w ith the paym ents m ade during the period.
F-61
siDsuecufhisnuepadllalybnesb,naeasfmeitdopuolannntssemtaorpebloepyopesaet-i'desmaesaprlorneyintmirgeesmnatennbdte/nobeer fnyiteesfaictrshseaomrfeesdeserovteitchreme.rintheadnwdiethfinreefderceonncteribtoutaiofnorpmlaunlsa.tFhaort
All pension plans in foreign units are classified as defined contribution plans. The g ro u p 's contributions to defined contribution pension plans are charged to the incom e statem ent as they fall due. All pension liabilities in Sw edish units are classified as defined contribution plans, except for som e em ployees covered by insurance prem ium s paid to Alecta. This is a defined benefit plan w hich covers m ultiple em ployees. For the financial year 2013, the group did not have access to the inform ation required to allow this plan to be reported as a defined benefit plan. The pension obligations are, therefore, recognised as a defined contribution plan.
Leases Leases in w hich the com pany substantially enjoys the financial benefits and carries the financial risks that pertain to them - know n as finance leases - are recognised as non-current assets in the consolidated statem ents of financial position.
C hanges in a cco u n tin g p o licie s and d is c lo su re s
New and amended standards adopted by the group
