C hanges in a cco u n tin g p o licie s and d is c lo su re s
The following standards have been adopted by the group for the first tim e for the financial year beginning on or after 1 January 2013. A m endm ent to IAS 1, " Financial statem ent presentation" , regarding other com prehensive incom e. The main change resulting from these am endm ents is a requirem ent regarding group item s presented in "other com prehensive incom e" (OCI) on the basis of w hether they are potentially reclassified to profit or loss subsequently (reclassification adjustm ents). IAS 19, " Em ployee benefits" , w as am ended in June 2011. The im pact on the group is prim arily due to disclosures as all pensions plans are accounted as defined contribution. IFRS 13, " Fair value m easurem ent" , aim s to im prove consistency and reduce com plexity by providing a precise definition of fair value and a single source of fair value m easurem ent and disclosure requirem ents for use across IFRSs. The am endm ent to IAS 36, "Im pairm ent of assets" , addresses the disclosure of inform ation about the recoverable am ount of im paired assets if that am ount is based on fair value less costs of disposal. The group applies the standard as of 1 January 2013 and it has had no effect on the financial statem ents.
New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
A num ber of new standards and am endm ents to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2013, and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statem ents. None of these is expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statem ents of the group, except the follow ing set out below: IFRS 10, "C onsolidated financial statem ents" , builds on existing principles by identifying the concept of control as the determ ining factor in w hether an entity should be included w ithin the consolidated financial statem ents of the parent com pany. The standard provides additional guidance to assist in the determ ination of control w here this is difficult to assess. The group is yet to assess IFRS 10's full im pact and intends to adopt IFRS 10 as of the accounting period beginning on 1 January 2014. IFRS 12, " D isclosures of interests in other entities" , includes the disclosure requirem ents for all form s of interests in other entities, including join t arrangem ents, associates, structured entities and other off balance sheet vehicles. The group is yet to assess IFRS 12's full im pact and intends to ad o p t IFRS 12 on the accounting period beginning on 1 January 2014.
F-62
IFRS 9, "Financial instrum ents" , addresses the classification, m easurem ent and recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. It replaces the parts of IAS 39 that relate to the classification and m easurem ent of financial instrum ents. IFRS 9 requires financial assets to be classified into two m easurem ent categories: those measured as at fair value and those measured at am ortised cost. The determ ination is m ade at initial recognition. The classification depends on the en tity's business m odel for m anaging its financial instrum ents and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the instrum ent. For financial liabilities, the standard retains m ost of the IAS 39 requirem ents. The group is yet to assess IFRS 9 's full im pact. The group w ill also consider the im pact of the rem aining phases of IFRS 9 w hen com pleted by the board. There are no other IFRSs or IFRIC interpretations that are not yet effective that w ould be expected to have a material im pact on the group.
Note 2 C ritical accounting estim ates and judgm ents W hen applying the g ro u p 's accounting policies, m anagem ent m ust m ake assum ptions and estim ates concerning the future that affect the carrying am ounts of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, the disclosure of contingencies that existed on the balance sheet date and the am ounts of revenue and expenses recognised during the accounting period. Such assum ptions and estimates are based on factors such as historical experience, the observance of trends in the industries in w hich the group operates and inform ation available from the g ro u p 's custom ers and other outside sources. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in m aking assum ptions and estim ates, actual outcom es could differ from those assum ptions and estimates. An analysis of key areas of estim ates uncertainties on the balance sheet date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustm ent to the carrying am ounts of the g rou p's assets and liabilities w ithin the next financial year is discussed below.  Testing for im pairm ent of goodw ill and other assets (note 14)  M easurem ent of deferred incom e tax assets and deferred incom e tax liabilities (note 17)  M easurem ent of provisions and allocation for accrued expenses (note 23 and 24)  Depreciation period for alarm equipm ent (note 13)
Testing fo r im pairm ent o f g o o d w ill and other assets IFRS requires m anagem ent to undertake an annual test for im pairm ent of indefinite-life assets and, for finite-life assets, to test for im pairm ent if events or changes in circum stances indicate that the carrying am ount of an asset m ay not be recoverable. W hen testing for im pairm ent of goodw ill and other assets, the carrying am ount should be com pared w ith the recoverable am ount. The recoverable am ount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value-in-use. Im pairm ent testing is an area involving m anagem ent judgm ent, requiring assessm ent as to w hether the carrying value of assets can be supported by the net present value of future cash flow derived from such assets using cash flow projections w hich have been discounted at an appropriate rate. Since there are norm ally no quoted prices available to estim ate the fair value less costs to sell an asset, the asset's value-in-use is usually the value against w hich the carrying am ount is com pared for im pairm ent testing purposes and is m easured on the basis of assum ptions and estim ates. In calculating the net present value of the future cash flow, certain assum ptions are required to be m ade in respect of highly uncertain matters, including m anagem ent's expectations of:  Long-term sales growth rates  G row th in adjusted EBITDA  Tim ing and quantum of future capital expenditure  C hange in w orking capital  The selection of discount rates to reflect the risks involved
F-63
