Testing fo r im pairm ent o f g o o d w ill and other assets IFRS requires m anagem ent to undertake an annual test for im pairm ent of indefinite-life assets and, for finite-life assets, to test for im pairm ent if events or changes in circum stances indicate that the carrying am ount of an asset m ay not be recoverable. W hen testing for im pairm ent of goodw ill and other assets, the carrying am ount should be com pared w ith the recoverable am ount. The recoverable am ount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value-in-use. Im pairm ent testing is an area involving m anagem ent judgm ent, requiring assessm ent as to w hether the carrying value of assets can be supported by the net present value of future cash flow derived from such assets using cash flow projections w hich have been discounted at an appropriate rate. Since there are norm ally no quoted prices available to estim ate the fair value less costs to sell an asset, the asset's value-in-use is usually the value against w hich the carrying am ount is com pared for im pairm ent testing purposes and is m easured on the basis of assum ptions and estim ates. In calculating the net present value of the future cash flow, certain assum ptions are required to be m ade in respect of highly uncertain matters, including m anagem ent's expectations of:  Long-term sales growth rates  G row th in adjusted EBITDA  Tim ing and quantum of future capital expenditure  C hange in w orking capital  The selection of discount rates to reflect the risks involved
The group prepares and approves form al three-to-four-year m anagem ent plans for operations, which are used in value-in-use calculations. For the purposes of the calculation, a long-term grow th rate into perpetuity has been determ ined as:  An assum ed 3% growth rate for mature markets  A projected long-term com pound annual grow th rate for adjusted EBITDA in 5-10 years estim ated
by m anagem ent for developing countries The group w ould not have any im pairm ent issues if the w eighted average cost of capital (WACC) used was 1 % higher or if the com pound annual grow th rate w as 1 % lower. C hanging the assum ptions selected by m anagem ent, in particular the discount rate and grow th rate assum ptions used in the cash flow projections, could significantly affect im pairm ent evaluation and hence results. M easurem ent o f deferred incom e tax assets and deferred incom e tax liabilities The group is liable to pay incom e taxes in various countries. The calculation of the g ro u p 's total tax charge necessarily involves a degree of estim ation and jud gm e nt in respect of certain tax positions the resolution of w hich is uncertain until an agreem ent has been reached w ith the relevant tax authority or, as appropriate, through a form al legal process. The final resolution of som e of these items m ay give rise to m aterial profits, losses and/or cash flows. The com plexity of the group's structure following geographic expansion makes the degree of estim ation and jud gm e nt m ore challenging. The resolution of issues is not alw ays w ithin the control of the com pany and it is often dependent on the efficiency of the legal processes in the relevant taxing jurisdictions in w hich w e operate. Issues can, and often do, take m any years to resolve. Paym ents in respect of tax liabilities for an accounting period result from paym ents on account and on the final resolution of open items. As a result, there m ay be substantial differences between the tax charge in the consolidated incom e statem ent and tax paym ents. The group has also exercised significant accounting judgm ent regarding net operating loss utilisation. Moreover, the group has exercised significant accounting judgem ents regarding the recognition of deferred tax assets. The recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon w hether it is probable that sufficient and suitable taxable profits w ill be available in the future against w hich the reversal of deductible tem porary differences can be realised. W here the tem porary differences related to losses, the availability of the losses to offset against forecast taxable profits is also considered. R ecognition therefore involves judgm ent regarding the future financial perform ance of the particular legal entity or tax group in w hich the deferred tax assets have been recognised. The am ounts recognised in the consolidated financial statem ents in respect of each m atter are derived from the com pany's best estim ation and judgm ent as described above. However, the inherent uncertainty regarding the outcom e of these items means eventual resolution could differ from the accounting estim ates and therefore im pact the com p an y's results and cash flow. M easurem ent o f provisions and allocation fo r accrued expenses The group exercises judgm ent in connection w ith significant estim ates in relation to staff-related costs and in m easuring and recognising provisions and the exposures to contingent liabilities related to pending litigation or other outstanding claim s subject to negotiated settlem ent, m ediation, arbitration or governm ent regulation, as w ell as other contingent liabilities. Jud gm e nt is necessary in assessing the likelihood that a pending claim will succeed, or a liability will arise, and to quantify the possible range of the financial settlem ent. Because of the inherent uncertainty in this evaluation process, actual losses m ay be different from the originally estim ated provision.
F-64
D epreciation period fo r alarm equipm ent The charge in respect of periodic depreciation for alarm equipm ent is derived after determ ining an estim ate of expected useful life of alarm equipm ent and the expected residual value at the end of life. An increase in the expected life of an asset or its residual value results in a reduced depreciation charge being recorded in the consolidated incom e statem ent. The useful lives and residual values of group assets are determ ined by m anagem ent at the tim e of acquisition and are reviewed annually for appropriateness. The lives are based prim arily on historical experience with regards to the lifecycle of custom ers as well as anticipation of future events that m ay im pact useful life, such as changes in techn olo gy and m acroeconom ic factors. Note 3 Financial risk m anagem ent The group is exposed to risks relating to financial instrum ents including short-term investm ents, trade receivables, trade payables, borrow ings and derivatives. Risks relating to these instrum ents are prim arily:  Credit risk  Liquidity risk  M arket risk The group treasury policy states how financial risks should be m anaged and controlled. Risk m anagem ent is carried out using derivative financial instrum ents in accordance w ith the lim itations set out in the treasury policy. The treasury policy contains guidelines for the adm inistration of operating risks that arise in the m anagem ent of financial instrum ents. The guidelines include clear division of roles and responsibilities, and the allocation of proxies. The m anagem ent of financial risks has been centralised to the group treasury departm ent. Group treasury function's responsibility includes external banking relations, finance costs, interest-bearing liabilities and liquidity m anagem ent. C redit risk C redit risk is the risk of loss if the opposite party, w ith w hich the grou p has a claim , is unable to fulfil its obligations. These risks are apportioned between credit risk from trade receivables and financial credit risk. The com pany lim its credit risk by only using banks w ith a high credit rating. Investm ents of cash and cash equivalents are m ade only with banks with a m inim um A rating according to Standard & Poor's. Maxim um credit exposure representing the value of our trade receivables at the end of Decem ber 2013, was EUR 59,893 thousand (57,781).
Credit risk from trade receivables
The group has no significant concentrations of credit risk in relation to trade receivables. The g rou p's credit policy ensures that credit m anagem ent includes use of credit ratings, credit limits, decision m aking structures and m anagem ent of doubtful claim s. The po licy's goal is to ensure that sales are m ade only to custom ers with an appropriate credit rating. W hile the trade receivables closely follow the geography of group operations, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk by custom er as the group has a large num ber of custom ers in m any countries that are not individually significant or related. Due to this, m anagem ent believes no further credit risk provision is required in excess of the norm al provision for bad and doubtful receivables.
F-65
Financial credit risk
