1,277
2,491
(Set 4,003
(1) The period 1 January to 31 December 2012, includes remuneration to both the present and previous CFO. The remuneration also includes a severance payment to the former CFO.
In 2012, group m anagem ent com prised three individuals. D uring 2013, group m anagem ent gradually increased to seven individuals. No rem uneration has been paid to the non-executive directors of the board.
The CEO The C E O 's salary for the 2013 financial year including social security costs w as EUR 1,182 thousand (1,227) and included a bonus of EUR 508 thousand (507). In the event of term ination, notice periods of 1 2 m onths for the com pany and 6 m onths fo r the CEO apply. In the event that the com pany w as to term inate the C E O 's contract, an entitlem ent to severance pay m ight arise. Severance pay is subject to a m axim um of 12 m onths' salary. If the CEO term inates his contract, severance pay is only payable under specific conditions, such as a change in the com p an y's ow nership. In such cases, any such severance pay is subject to a predeterm ined ceiling. P ensionable age for the CEO is 65.
Note 6 Segm ent reporting The g ro u p 's operating segm ents are identified by grouping tog ethe r the business by revenue stream , as this is the basis on w hich inform ation is provided to the chief operating decision m aker (CODM) for the purposes of allocating resources w ithin the group and assessing the perform ance of the g ro u p 's businesses. The group has identified the executive m anagem ent group as its CODM and the group uses adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, am ortisation, and write-offs ("adjusted EBITDA") to m easure the profitability of each segm ent. A djusted EBITDA is, therefore, the m easure of segm ent profit or loss presented in the g ro u p 's segm ent disclosures. The g ro u p 's on-going operating seg m en ts are " cu sto m e r a c q u is itio n " and " p o rtfo lio services" and are de scribed in note 1. Revenue betw een segm ents is carried at an arm 's length. S egm ent inform ation fo r the g ro u p 's continuing operations is presented below.
EURthousand
aCcuqsutiosmitioern 2013 2012
