A ud ito r in charge
F-81
AUDITOR'S REPORT To the B oard o f D irectors in V erisure H oldin g A B (publ) C orporate identity num ber 556854-1410 R eport on the consolidated financial statem ents We have audited the consolidated financial statem ents of Verisure H olding AB (publ) for the financial year ended 31 D ecem ber 2013. The consolidated financial statem ents com prise the consolidated statem ent of financial position of Verisure H olding AB (publ) and its subsidiaries ("the C om pany") as at 31 D ecem ber 2013 and the related consolidated statem ents of incom e, com prehensive incom e, changes in equity and cash flow s for the period from 1 January 2013 through 31 D ecem ber 2013 and a sum m ary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory inform ation. The financial statem ents of the C om pany are included in the printed version of this docum ent on pages F-50-F-81. The consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared by the Board of Directors and the M anaging Director with the purpose to present the operations of Verisure H olding AB (publ) for the full year 2013.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the consolidated financial statements
The Board of Directors and the M anaging Director are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statem ents in accordance w ith International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU (" IFRS"), and for such internal control as the Board of D irectors and the M anaging D irector determ ine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statem ents that are free from material m isstatem ent, w hether due to fraud or error.
Auditor's responsibility
O ur responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statem ents based on our audit. W e conducted our audit in accordance w ith International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden. Those standards require that w e com ply w ith ethical requirem ents and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about w hether the consolidated financial statem ents are free from material m isstatem ent. An audit involves perform ing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the am ounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statem ents. The procedures selected depend on the au d ito r's judgem ent, including the assessm ent of the risks of material m isstatem ent of the consolidated financial statem ents, w hether due to fraud or error. In m aking those risk assessm ents, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the C om pany's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statem ents in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circum stances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the C om pany's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estim ates m ade by the Board of Directors and the M anaging Director, as w ell as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence w e have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statem ents present fairly, in all m aterial respects, the financial position of the C om pany as at 31 D ecem ber 2013, and the operations and cash flow s for the period from 1 Jan ua ry 2013 th ro u g h 31 D ecem b er 2013, in acco rd a n ce w ith International Financial R eporting Standards, as adopted by the EU.
