2,218
39,764
-470 3 ,,6 8 5
Com parative figures refer to Securitas Direct G roup (the Predecessor). The Predecessor balance sheet for 2011 has been translated from SEK to EUR using end rate of 8.9450 (Decem ber 2011) and the incom e statem ent for 2011 using average FX rate of 8.9843 (August 2011) and 9.0268 (Decem ber 2 0 1 1 ).
F-89
N otes to the Financial Statem ents Incorporation o f the com pany and acq uisitio n o f S ecuritas D irect AB and ESM L SD Iberia H olding, S.L.U. Verisure H olding AB (publ) ("the com p an y" or "the S uccessor") is a new ly organised public lim ited liability com pany incorporated on M ay 25, 2011, in and under the laws of Sweden w ith the registration num ber 556854-1410 and its registered office in M alm o. Verisure H olding A B 's address is A n g b a tsb ro n 1, B ox 392, 201 23 M alm o. The com p an y's ultim ate parent entity is Dream LuxCo SCA (" LuxC o"), w hich operates in and under the laws of Luxem bourg. LuxCo is ow ned by a consortium representing the interests of Bain C apital, Ltd ("Bain") and Hellm an & Friedm an LLC (" H &F"), global private equity investm ent firm s, and managem ent of the company. On Septem ber 2, 2011, Dream Purchaser AB, a newly organised com pany existing under the laws of Sweden and a w holly owned subsidiary of the com pany becam e the purchaser of the entire outstanding stock of Securitas Direct AB and the subsidiaries (the "Securitas Direct G roup" ) through an assignm ent and novation of the Share Sale and Purchase Agreem ent from Verisure H olding AB (publ), w ith the exception of ESML SD Iberia H oldings S.L.U. ("Spanish subsidiary") w hose shares have been acquired by the Dream Spanish Bidco S.A.E., a com pany organised under the laws of Spain and a w holly owned subsidiary of Dream Purchaser AB, through an assignm ent and novation of the Share Sale and Purchase Agreem ent from G lobal Sudong S.L.U. Together, the acquisitions are referred to as "Securitas Direct Business" . Further inform ation on the acquisition of the G roup headed by the com pany is presented in Note 14. References in these consolidated financial statem ents to "the G ro u p " refer, in the periods prior to the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business, to Securitas Direct AB, (the Predecessor), and its subsidiaries and, in the period subsequent to the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business, to the com pany and its subsidiaries.
Nature of operations The G roup is a provider of high-quality m onitored alarm s based on a standardised range of alarm products to consum ers and sm all and m edium -sized businesses. The G roup operates in nine European countries, Chile, Peru and Brazil. The European m arkets are Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Spain and Portugal. A typical installed alarm consists of an electronic central unit for com m unication and control and other alarm com ponents, a keypad for arm ing and disarm ing the system, an alarm siren, cam era or m otion detectors, m agnetic contacts and alarm stickers, and (in som e m arkets) sm oke detectors. The G roup's products are prim arily wireless, though the com pany also supplies custom -designed w ired solutions to sm all and m edium -sized businesses. The G roup is com prised of tw o business segm ents: custom er acquisition and portfolio services. C ustom er acquisition segm ent sells and installs alarm system s for new subscribers in return for an installation fee. Portfolio services segm ent provides m onitoring services to existing subscribers for a m onthly subscription fee.
Basis o f presentation and accounting periods These consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance w ith the International Financial R eporting Standards (IFRS) approved by the EU. The consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instrum ents, financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss and business acquisition, w hich have all been m easured at fair value.
F-90
