Basis o f presentation and accounting periods These consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance w ith the International Financial R eporting Standards (IFRS) approved by the EU. The consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instrum ents, financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss and business acquisition, w hich have all been m easured at fair value.
The financial statem ents for the periods preceding the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business, (the Predecessor), financial statem ents, com prise the consolidated financial statem ents of Securitas Direct AB and subsidiaries. Predecessor financial statem ents are presented as at and for the eight-m onth period ended August 31,2011, and with respect to the consolidated statem ents of financial position as at A ugust 31, 2011. The Predecessor financial statem ents do not reflect the effects of the accounting for the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business. The financial statem ents for the period following the acquisition, (the Successor), financial statements, com prise the co m p a n y's consolidated financial statem ents as at and fo r the period ended D ecem ber 31, 2011. A lthough the com pany w as incorporated on M ay 25, 2011, it had no assets or liabilities (other than the proceeds of the ordinary shares issued on incorporation, w hich was nom inal) and no operations prior to the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business. Accordingly, the Successor financial statem ents present the results of the S uccessor's operations for the four-m onth period from Septem ber 1,2011 to Decem ber 31,2011 and the consolidated financial position as at Decem ber 31, 2011. These con so lid a te d financial statem ents have been prep ared on the a ssum p tio n tha t the S u cce sso r is a going concern and w ill continue in operation for the foreseeable future. M anagem ent believes that the going concern assum ption is appropriate for the S uccessor due to adequate liquidity, capital position, and continued im provem ent in operating results. Furtherm ore, m anagem ent is not aw are of any m aterial uncertainties that m ay cast significant do ub t upon the S uccessor's ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the financial statem ents continue to be prepared on the going concern basis. Financial statem ents are presented for the periods preceding and succeeding the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business.
Note 1 A ccounting policies Sum m ary of significant accounting policies The Successor and the Predecessor applies the International Financial R eporting Standards (IFRS) approved by the EU.
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statem ents include the results, cash flows and assets and liabilities of the G roup and entities controlled, both unilaterally and jointly, by the Group. A subsidiary is an entity controlled, either directly o r indirectly, by the G roup, w here control is the pow er to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity so as to obtain benefit from its activities. The effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible is taken into account w hen determ ining w hether the G roup has a controlling influence on another entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. G roup incom e and com ponents in other com prehensive incom e are attributable to equity holders of the parent com pany. The accounting principles used by subsidiaries are adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with the principles applied by the Group. All inter-com pany transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses attributable to inter com pany transactions are elim inated in the preparation of the consolidated financial statem ents.
Business combinations (i) Background
Effective January 1,2010, the G roup adopted IFRS 3 (Revised 2008) "Business C om binations" , IAS 27 (Revised 2008), "C onsolidated and Separate Financial Statem ents" , w hich contained a num ber of changes that affected the accounting for business com binations and subsequent changes in the G rou p's ow nership interest in a subsidiary.
F-91
aTchqeuriesivtiisoendosntaonrdaafrtedrsJwaenruearaypp1,lie2d01p0r.ospectively to business combinations with an effective date of (ii) Businesses acquired before January 1, 2010
