· Debts or equity instrum ents attributable to the acquired com pany's share-based allocations or for the exchange of the acquired com p an y's share-based allocations w ith the acquirers are m easured on the acquisition date in accordance w ith IFRS 2, Share-based Payment.
C ontingent liabilities assum ed in a business com bination are recognised as existing liabilities arising from events that have occurred, the fair value of w hich can be calculated in a reliable manner. In a business com bination w here the sum of the consideration, any non-controlling interests and the fair value on the acquisition date of previously-held equity interest exceeds the fair value on the acquisition date of identifiable acquired net assets, the difference is recognised as goodw ill in the statem ent o f financial position. If the difference is negative, the resulting gain on the acq u isitio n is recognised as a bargain purchase in the incom e statem ent after review of the difference. In the case of each business com bination, previously-held non-controlling interests in the acquired com pany are measured either at fair value or at the value of the proportionate share of the non controlling interest of the acquired com pany's identifiable net assets. In an a cq u isitio n achieved in stages, the previously-held e q u ity interest in the acq u ire d co m p a n y is rem easured at its fair value on the acq uisitio n date (i.e. w hen con trol is obtained). A ny gain or loss is recognised in profit o r loss. A ny changes in the value of the previously-held equity interests that, prior to the acquisition date w ere recognised in other com prehensive incom e, are reclassified in the incom e statem ent on the sam e basis as w ould be required if these shares had been sold.
Foreign currency translation
Functional and presentation currency
Item s included in the financial statem ents of each of the G rou p's entities are m easured using the currency of the prim ary econom ic environm ent in w hich the entity operates (the functional currency). The consolidated financial statem ents are presented in euro (EUR), w hich is the parent com p an y's functional and presentation currency.
Transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currency are translated into the functional currency in accordance w ith the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transaction. Exchange differences on m onetary items are recognised in the statem ent of incom e w hen they arise. Exchange differences from operating item s are recognised as either cost of sales or selling and adm inistrative expenses, while exchange differences from financial items are recognised as financial incom e or financial expenses. W hen preparing the financial statem ents of individual com panies, foreign currency denom inated receivables and liabilities are translated to the functional currency of the individual com pany using the exchange rates prevailing at each balance sheet date.
F-93
Group companies
