F-93
The results and financial position of all group com panies (none of w hich has the currency of a hyperinflationary econom y) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows: · Assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate on the
date of that balance sheet · Incom e and expenses for each incom e statem ent are translated at average exchange rates · All resulting translation differences are recognised in other com prehensive incom e On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of entities with a functional currency other than euro are expressed in euro using exchange rates prevailing on the end of reporting period date. Incom e and expense items and cash flows are translated at the average exchange rates for the period and exchange differences arising are re co gn ise d in com p reh en sive incom e. W hen a foreign op eration is sold or partially disposed of, translation differences that w ere recorded in equity are reclassified and recognised in the incom e statem ent as part of the gain or loss on sale. Goodwill and fair value adjustm ents arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.
Segment reporting
The G roup's operating segm ents are identified by grouping together the business by revenue stream , as this is the basis on w hich inform ation is provided to the C hief O perating D ecision M aker (CODM) for the purposes of allocating resources within the G roup and assessing the perform ance of the G rou p's businesses. The G roup has identified the executive m anagem ent group as its CODM . The segm ents identified based on the G ro u p 's operating activities are "custom er acq uisitio n" and " Portfolio services" and are explained further below:
Customer acquisition
This segm ent includes the part of the G roup that sells and installs wireless and w ired alarm s and security solutions for hom es and sm all businesses. Sales and installations can be perform ed both by Verisure Holding staff and by external partners. Each new custom er generates installation incom e that is recognised w hen installation of the alarm equipm ent has been com pleted. The com p an y's costs for m aterials, installation, ad m inistratio n and m arketing exceed the no nrecu rrin g incom e, resulting in negative cash flow for the segm ent.
Portfolio services
All custom ers are connected to dedicated alarm centres that handle alarm m onitoring and custom er support. Alarm centres are the core of Verisure H olding's business. Existing custom ers generate a m onthly revenue stream as they subscribe to the G ro u p 's services. This segm ent generates stable positive cash flow. The cost base is also m ore stable in this segm ent and prim arily com prises fixed salaries or fees to external partners. Business segm ents are recognised using the sam e accounting policies as applied by the Group. Revenue recognition Revenue com prises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services net of valu e-a dd ed tax and discou nts, and after elim in ating sales w ithin the G roup, and is recognised only w here there is persuasive evidence of a sales agreem ent, the delivery of goods or services has occurred and, where there are contractual acceptance provisions, the custom er has accepted the goods (or the right to reject them has lapsed), the sale price is fixed or determ inable and the collectability of revenue is reasonably assured. M ore specifically incom e is recognised as follow s:
