Portfolio services
F-94
Alarm monitoring
Incom e from alarm m onitoring services is recognised during the period to w hich the service relates.
Installation fees
As part of alarm installation, custom ers pay an installation fee and, in certain cases, paym ent for products sold. This fee is recognised w hen the installation is com pleted. Interest incom e Interest incom e is recognised on a tim e-proportion basis using the effective interest m ethod. O perating expenses The com pany's business m odel involves sales and installation being carried out by the same individuals. The costs of these activities are recognised in gross profit. This m eans that "cost of sales" includes som e costs that are actually selling expenses but cannot be allocated to a specific function. Incom e taxes Incom e taxes include current and deferred tax. These taxes have been calculated at a nom inal am ount according to each country's tax provisions and the tax rates that have been defined or announced and are highly likely to be laid dow n. C urrent tax is tax that is paid or received fo r the current year and includes any adjustm ents to current tax fo r prior years. In the case of item s recognised directly in equity or other com prehensive incom e, any tax effect on equity or other com prehensive incom e is also recognised. Deferred incom e tax is recognised using the balance sheet m ethod, w hich m eans that deferred incom e tax is calculated on all tem porary differences betw een the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying am ounts. D eferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against w hich the am ounts can be utilised. Property, plant and equipm ent Property, plant and equipm ent are recognised at cost less accum ulated depreciation and any cum ulative im pairm ent losses. C ost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. S ubsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying am ount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only w hen it is probable that the future econom ic benefits associated w ith the item w ill flow to the G roup and the cost of the item can be m easured reliably. All other repairs and m aintenance are charged to the incom e statem ent during the financial period in w hich they are incurred. As of January 1,2011, the G roup m ade a new estimate, based on new inform ation, of the estim ated useful life of alarm equipm ent. D epreciation is based on the asset's cost and is allocated using the straight-line m ethod over the asset's estim ated useful life, as follow s: A larm e q u ip m e n t................................................................................................................................................. 6 -1 6 years O ther m ach in ery and e q u ip m e n t ................................................................................................................ 3 -1 0 years M achinery and equipm ent are prim arily alarm equipm ent installed on custom ers' premises. An asset's residual value and value-in-use are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, annually on the reporting date. An asset's carrying am ount is w ritten dow n im m ediately to its recoverable am ount if the carrying am ount is greater than the estim ated recoverable am ount. Gains and losses on disposals are recognised in the incom e statem ent as cost of sales.
F-95
Intangible assets
Goodwill
