Intangible assets
In a business com bination w here the sum of the acquisition price, any m inority interest and fair value of any previously-held equity interest on the acquisition date exceeds the fair value of identifiable acquired net assets on that date, the difference is recognised as goodw ill. G oodw ill is allocated to the low est levels for w hich there are separately identifiable cash flow s or cash-generating units ("C G U "). G oodw ill is not subject to am ortisation and is tested for im pairm ent annually, or as soon as there is an indication that the asset has declined in value, and carried at cost less accum ulated im pairm ent losses. For the purpose of im pairm ent testing, assets are grouped at the CGU level. If the recoverable am ount of the CGU is less than the carrying am ount of the unit, the im pairm ent loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying am ount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata on the basis of the carrying am ount of each asset in the unit. Im pairm ent losses recognised for goodw ill are not reversed in a subsequent period. R ecoverable am ount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. In assessing valuein-use, the estim ated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current m arket assessm ents of the tim e value of m oney and the risks specific to the asset for which the estim ates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. The G roup prepares and approves form al four year m anagem ent plans for its operations, w hich are used in the value-in-use calculations. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying am ount of goodw ill relating to the entity sold.
Customer portfolio
The custom er portfolio includes contract portfolios and associated custom er relationships. These are carried at cost less accum ulated depreciation and am ortisation and any im pairm ent losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. D epreciation is based on the asset's cost and is on a straight line basis over the estim ated useful life.
Customer acquisition costs
As of January 1,2012, in line w ith IAS 38, the G roup changed its accounting policy regarding custom er acquisition costs. Historically, the G roup has expensed direct costs related to the acquisition of custom er contracts. The new po licy is to capitalise these costs as intangible assets, as they fulfil the requirem ent in IAS 38, Intangible Assets, of internally generated intangible assets. The im pact on EBITDA of this change is EUR 49.3 m illion accum ulated for the full year 2012. The policy change does not im pact portfolio adjusted EBITDA. The new accounting policy has been applied prospectively for periods beginning on or after January 1,2 01 2, as retrospective application is im practicable.
Other intangible assets
Other intangible assets are prim arily com puter software and rental rights. Rental rights usually have a lim ited useful life and are recognised at cost less cum ulative am ortisation and any cum ulative im pairm ent loss. Acquired software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are am ortised over the estim ated useful life. D evelopm ent costs for new identifiable and unique softw are products are capitalised if they are controlled by the G roup and are likely to generate econom ic benefits. The capitalised am ounts consist of direct costs and the capitalisable portion of indirect costs. Costs associated with developing or m aintaining com puter software are expensed as incurred. Capitalised developm ent costs have a definable useful life and are am ortised on a straight-line basis from the date the software entered use.
F-96
