Other intangible assets are prim arily com puter software and rental rights. Rental rights usually have a lim ited useful life and are recognised at cost less cum ulative am ortisation and any cum ulative im pairm ent loss. Acquired software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are am ortised over the estim ated useful life. D evelopm ent costs for new identifiable and unique softw are products are capitalised if they are controlled by the G roup and are likely to generate econom ic benefits. The capitalised am ounts consist of direct costs and the capitalisable portion of indirect costs. Costs associated with developing or m aintaining com puter software are expensed as incurred. Capitalised developm ent costs have a definable useful life and are am ortised on a straight-line basis from the date the software entered use.
A m ortisation for all intangible assets is m easured using the straight-line m ethod during the useful life, as follows: C usto m er p o rtfo lio ............................................................................................................................................... 5 -1 6 years C o m p u te r softw are ............................................................................................................................................ 3 -1 0 years O ther inta ng ib le assets .................................................................................................................................... 3-18 years Rental rights and sim ilar rights are am ortised over the sam e period as the underlying contract. An asset's residual value and value-in-use are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, annually on the reporting date. An asset's carrying am ount is w ritten dow n im m ediately to its recoverable am ount if the carrying am ount is greater than the estim ated recoverable am ount.
Im pairm ent o f non-financial assets Assets w ith an indefinite useful life are not subject to am ortisation and are tested for im pairm ent annually or as soon as an indication em erges that they have decreased in value. Assets that are subject to am ortisation are reviewed for im pairm ent w henever events or changes in circum stances indicate tha t the recoverable a m o u n t m ay fall sho rt of the carrying am ount. An im pa irm e nt loss is recognised for the am ount by w hich the asset's carrying am ount exceeds its recoverable am ount. The recoverable am ount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. Value-in-use is the present value of estim ated cash flow s and is m easured on the basis of assum ptions and estimates. The m ost significant assum ptions relate to organic sales growth, the operating m argin, the extent of operating capital em ployed and the relevant pre-tax W ACC, w hich is used to discount future cash flows. For the purpose of assessing im pairm ent, assets are grouped at the low est levels for w hich there are separately identifiable cash flow s (cash-generating units). W ith the exception of im pairm ent losses on goodw ill, previously recognised im pairm ent losses are reversed only if a change has occurred regarding the assum ptions that form ed the basis for determ ining the recoverable value w hen the im pairm ent loss w as recognised. If this is the case, a reversal of the im pairm ent loss is carried out to increase the carrying am ount of the im paired asset to its recoverable am ount. A reversal of a previous im pairm ent loss is only recognised to the extent that the new carrying am ount does not exceed what should have been the carrying am ount (after depreciation and am ortisation) had the im pairm ent loss not been recognised in the first place. Im pairm ent losses on goodw ill are never reversed.
In v e n to rie s Inventories are recognised at the low er of cost and net realisable value. C ost is determ ined using the first-in-first-out m ethod. Net realisable value is the estim ated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable direct selling expenses.
Deferred tax Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable in the future arising from tem porary differences betw een the carrying am ounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statem ents and the corresponding tax bases used in the com putation of taxable profit. Deferred incom e tax is recognised using the balance sheet m ethod, w hich m eans that deferred incom e tax is calculated on all tem porary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying am ounts. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable tem porary differences. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the tem porary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodw ill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business com bination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profits nor the accounting profit. D eferred tax liabilities are re cognised fo r taxable te m p o ra ry differences arising on investm ents in subsidiaries and associates, and interest in join t ventures, except w here the G roup is able to control the reversal of the tem p ora ry difference and it is probable that the tem porary difference w ill not reverse in the foreseeable future.
F-97
Deferred tax is calculated at tax rates that are expected to ap ply in the period w hen the liability is settled or the asset is realised based on tax laws and rates that have been enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is charged or credited to the incom e statem ent, except w hen it relates to item s charged or credited in other com prehensive incom e, in w hich case the deferred tax is also dealt w ith in other com prehensive income. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable profits w ill be available against w hich the am ounts can be utilised. The carrying am ount of deferred tax assets is reviewed on each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset w hen there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and w hen they relate to incom e taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the G roup intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
P rovisions A provision is a liability of uncertain tim ing o r am ount and is generally recognised w hen the G roup has a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that paym ent w ill be m ade to settle the obligation and the paym ent can be estim ated reliably.
Financial instrum ents The G roup classifies its financial instrum ents as:  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, held for trading  Loans and trade receivables  Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  O ther financial liabilities The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date - the date on w hich the G roup com m its to purchase or sell the asset. G ains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of "financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss" are recognised as a financial item as incurred. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the investm ents have expired or have been transferred and the G roup has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of o w n e rs h ip .
