P rovisions A provision is a liability of uncertain tim ing o r am ount and is generally recognised w hen the G roup has a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that paym ent w ill be m ade to settle the obligation and the paym ent can be estim ated reliably.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets held for trading and are prim arily derivative instrum ents. Derivatives are classified as held for trading unless they are designated as hedges. Assets in this category are classified as current o r non-current assets depending on purpose and m anagem ent intention.
Derivative instruments
The G ro u p 's activities expose it to the financial risks of changes in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the G ro u p 's policies approved by the Board of Directors. These policies provide written principles on the use of financial derivatives consistent with the G roup's risk m anagem ent strategy. The Group uses foreign currency forward contracts and interest rates to econom ically hedge specific substantial foreign currency paym ents and receipts and variability of cash flows due to interest rate risk on the G roup's long-term debt. The Group has no derivatives that are
F-98
designated for hedge accounting. The Group does not use derivative financial instrum ents for speculative purposes. All derivative instrum ents are recognised initially either as assets or liabilities at fair value on the trade date in the consolidated balance sheet and are subsequently rem easured at fair value on each reporting date. The changes in value of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are recognised in the incom e statem ent w ithin finance incom e and finance costs line items. The com ponents and fair values of the G rou p's derivative instrum ents are determ ined using the fair value m easurem ents of significant other observable inputs, classified as level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The com pany uses observable m arket inputs based on the type of derivative and the nature of the underlying instrum ent and also m easures its counterparty and ow n risk as appropriate, based on current published credit default sw ap rates w hen determ ining the fair value of its derivatives.
Loans and trade receivables
Loans and trade receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determ inable paym ents that are not quoted in an active m arket. They arise w hen the G roup provides goods or services directly to a custom er w ithout any intention of trading the receivable that arises. They are included in current assets, except for m aturities greater than 12 m onths after the balance sheet date, w hich are classified as non-current assets. Loans and trade receivables do not carry any interest and are stated at their nom inal value less any provision for bad debts. There are no loans or trade receivables that are classified as available for sale or held for trading as a result of the fair value election. A provision for bad debts is m ade w hen there is ob jective evid ence tha t the G roup w ill not receive all am o un ts due. E stim ated bad d e b t provision is based on the ageing of the receivable balances and historical experience. Individual trade receivables are written off when m anagem ent deem s them not to be collectible. The provision is recognised under "cost of sales" in the incom e statem ent.
