Trade payables
Government grants
Like o th e r em ployers, the G rou p qualifies fo r various em p loym en t-re lated g o vern m en t grants in specific jurisdictions such as Sweden. Such assistance may include training, job creation, reduced w o rkin g hours an d so forth. All grants are re co gn ise d in the inco m e sta tem en t as cost re du ctio ns in the sam e period as the underlying cost.
F-99
Em ployee benefit expense The G roup offers both defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans. Defined contribution plans are post-em ploym ent benefit schem es under w hich the com pany pays fixed contributions into a separate legal entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions. C osts for defined contribution schem es are expensed in the period during w hich the em ployee carried out his or her w ork. C osts are in line w ith the paym ents m ade during the period. Defined benefit plans are post-em ploym ent benefit schem es other than defined contribution plans. For such plans am ounts to be paid as retirem ent benefits are determ ined by reference to a form ula usually based on em ployees' earnings and/or years of service. All pension plans in foreign units are classified as defined contribution plans. The G rou p's contributions to defined contribution pension plans are charged to the incom e statem ent as they fall due. All pension liabilities in Sw edish units are classified as defined contribution plans, except fo r som e of the ITP plans financed through insurance prem ium s paid to Alecta. This is a defined benefit plan w hich covers m ultiple em ployees. For the fiscal year 2012, the G roup did not have access to the inform ation required to allow this plan to be reported as a defined benefit plan. The pension obligations are, therefore, recognised as a defined contribution plan. Leases Leases in w hich the com pany substantially enjoys the financial benefits and carries the financial risks that pertain to them - know n as finance leases - are recognised as non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheet. The discounted present value of the corresponding com m itm ent to pay lease fees is recognised as a liability. Paid lease fees are recognised in the consolidated incom e statem ent and are apportioned between am ortisation and interest. Leases in w hich a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ow nership is retained by the lessor are classified as operating leases. Payments m ade during the period of the lease are charged to the incom e statem ent on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. C hanges in a cco u n tin g p o licy and d is c lo su re s
New and amended standards adopted by the Group
There are no IFRSs or IFRIC interpretations that are effective for the first tim e for the financial year 2012, w hich have had a material im pact on the Group.
New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
A num ber of new standards and am endm ents to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after January 1,2 01 2, and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statem ents. None of these is expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
