This standard requires extensive disclosure of inform ation to enable users of financial statem ents to evaluate the nature of, and risks associated w ith, interests in other entities and the effects of those interests on its financial position, financial perform ance and cash flows. These disclosures w ould include significant judgm ents and assum ptions (such as how control, joint control or significant influence has been determ ined), details of the structure of the group, risks associated w ith structured entities and the nature, extent and financial effects of interests in joint arrangem ents and associates. IFRS 12 is effective for annual periods com m encing on or after January 1,2014.
Also during M ay 2011, the IASB replaced the guidance on fair value m easurem ent in existing IFRSs with a standard that establishes a single fram ew ork for fair value m easurem ents required by other IFRSs. This IFRS defines fair value, provides guidance on how to determ ine fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurem ents. W ith som e exceptions, the standard requires entities to classify these m easurem ents into the threelevel `fair value hie ra rch y' curren tly required fo r financial instrum ents based on the nature o f the inputs. Entities are required to make various disclosures depending upon the use of the fair value m easurem ent (e.g. w hether it is recognized in the financial statem ents or m erely disclosed) and the level in w hich it is classified. IFRS 13 is effective fo r annual periods com m encing on or after January 1 ,2 0 1 3 and is to be adopted prospectively from the adoption date, with early adoption perm itted.
Note 2 C ritical accounting estim ates and judgm ents W hen applying the G ro u p 's accounting policies, m anagem ent m ust m ake assum ptions and estim ates concerning the future that affect the carrying am ounts of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, the disclosure of contingencies that existed on the balance sheet date and the am ounts of revenue and expenses recognised during the accounting period. Such assum ptions and estimates are based on factors such as historical experience, the observance of trends in the industries in w hich the G roup operates and inform ation available from the G ro u p 's custom ers and other outside sources. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in m aking assum ptions and estim ates, actual outcom es could differ from those assum ptions and estimates. An analysis of key areas of estim ates uncertainties on the balance sheet date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustm ent to the carrying am ounts of the G rou p's assets and liabilities w ithin the next financial year is discussed below.  Testing for im pairm ent of goodw ill and other assets (Note 16)  M easurem ent of deferred incom e tax assets and deferred incom e tax liabilities (Note 19)  M easurem ent of provisions and allocation for accrued expenses (Note 25 and 26)  Depreciation period for alarm equipm ent (Note 15)
F-101
Testing fo r im pairm ent o f g o o d w ill and other assets IFRS requires m anagem ent to undertake an annual test for im pairm ent of indefinite-life lived assets and, fo r finite-life assets, to test for im pairm ent if events or changes in circum stances indicate that the carrying am ount of an asset m ay not be recoverable. W hen testing for im pairm ent of goodw ill and other assets, the carrying am ount should be com pared with the recoverable am ount. The recoverable am ount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value-in-use. Im pairm ent testing is an area involving m anagem ent judgm ent, requiring assessm ent as to w hether the carrying value of assets can be supported by the net present value of future cash flow derived from such assets using cash flow projections w hich have been discounted at an appropriate rate. Since there are norm ally no quoted prices available to estim ate the fair value less costs to sell an asset, the asset's value-in-use is usually the value against w hich the carrying am ount is com pared for im pairm ent testing purposes and is m easured on the basis of assum ptions and estim ates. In calculating the net present value of the future cash flow, certain assum ptions are required to be m ade in respect of highly uncertain matters, including m anagem ent's expectations of:  long-term sales growth rates  grow th in adjusted EBITDA  tim ing and quantum of future capital expenditures  change in w orking capital  the selection of discount rates to reflect the risks involved The G roup prepares and approves form al four-year m anagem ent plans for operations, which are used in value-in-use calculations. For the purposes of the calculation, a long-term grow th rate into perpetuity has been determ ined as:  an assum ed 3% growth rate for mature markets  a projected long-term com pound annual grow th rate for adjusted EBITDA in 5-10 years estim ated
by m anagem ent for developing countries The group w ould not have any im pairm ent issues if the W ACC used w as 1% higher or if the com pound annual grow th rate was 1 % lower. C hanging the assum ptions selected by m anagem ent, in particular the discount rate and grow th rate assum ptions used in the cash flow projections, could significantly affect im pairm ent evaluation and hence results.
M easurem ent o f deferred incom e tax assets and deferred incom e tax liabilities The G roup is liable to pay incom e taxes in various countries. The calculation of the G ro u p 's total tax charge necessarily involves a degree of estim ation and jud gm e nt in respect of certain tax positions the resolution for w hich is uncertain until an agreem ent has been reached w ith the relevant tax authority or, as appropriate, through a form al legal process. The final resolution of som e of these item s m ay give rise to m aterial profits, losses and/or cash flows. The com plexity of the G roup's structure following geographic expansion makes the degree of estim ation and jud gm e nt m ore challenging. The resolution of issues is not alw ays w ithin the control of the com pany and it is often dependent on the efficiency of the legal processes in the relevant taxing jurisdictions in w hich w e operate. Issues can, and often do, take m any years to resolve. Paym ents in respect of tax liabilities for an accounting period result from paym ents on account and on the final resolution of open items. As a result, there m ay be substantial differences between the tax charge in the consolidated incom e statem ent and tax paym ents. The G roup also exercised significant accounting judgm ent regarding net operating loss utilisation.
F-102
Moreover, the Group has exercised significant accounting judgm ent regarding the recognition of deferred tax assets. The recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon w hether it is probable that sufficient and suitable taxable profits w ill be available in the future against w hich the reversal of deductible tem porary differences can be realised. W here the tem porary differences related to losses, the availability of the losses to offset against forecast taxable profits is also considered. R ecognition therefore involves judgm ent regarding the future financial perform ance of the particular legal entity or tax group in w hich the deferred tax assets have been recognised. The am ounts recognised in the consolidated financial statem ents in respect of each m atter are derived from the com pany's best estim ation and judgm ent as described above. However, the inherent uncertainty regarding the outcom e of these items means eventual resolution could differ from the accounting estim ates and therefore im pact the com p an y's results and cash flow.
