F-102
M easurem ent o f provisions and allocation fo r accrued expenses The G roup exercises judgm ent in connection w ith significant estim ates in relation to staff related costs and in m easuring and recognising provisions and the exposures to contingent liabilities related to pending litigation or other outstanding claim s subject to negotiated settlem ent, m ediation, arbitration or governm ent regulation, as w ell as other contingent liabilities. Jud gm e nt is necessary in assessing the likelihood that a pending claim will succeed, or a liability will arise, and to quantify the possible range of the financial settlem ent. Because of the inherent uncertainty in this evaluation process, actual losses m ay be different from the originally estim ated provision. D epreciation period fo r alarm equipm ent The charge in respect of periodic depreciation for alarm equipm ent is derived after determ ining an estim ate of expected useful life of alarm equipm ent and the expected residual value at the end of its life. An increase in the expected life of an asset or its residual value results in a reduced depreciation charge being recorded in the consolidated incom e statem ent. The useful lives and residual values of G roup assets are determ ined by m anagem ent at the tim e of acquisition and reviewed annually for appropriateness. The lives are based prim arily on historical experience in regards to the lifecycle of subscribers as well as anticipation of future events that m ay im pact the ir life, such as changes in techn olo gy and m acroeconom ic factors.
Note 3 Financial risk m anagem ent The G roup is exposed to risks relating to financial instrum ents including short-term investm ents, trade receivables, trade payables borrow ings and derivatives. Risks relating to these instrum ents are prim arily: · Credit risk · Liquidity risk · Market risk The group treasury policy states how financial risks should be m anaged and controlled. Risk m anagem ent is carried out using derivative financial instrum ents in accordance w ith the lim itations set out in the treasury policy. The treasury policy contains guidelines for the adm inistration of operating risks that arise in the m anagem ent of financial instrum ents. The guidelines include clear division of roles and responsibilities, and the allocation of proxies. The m anagem ent of financial risks has been centralised in the G roup Treasury departm ent. G roup Treasury function's responsibility includes external banking relations, finance costs, interest-bearing liabilities and liquidity m anagem ent.
F-103
C redit risk C redit risk is the risk of loss if the opposite party, w ith w hich the G roup has a claim , is unable to fulfil its obligations. These risks are apportioned between credit risk from trade receivables and financial credit risk. The com pany lim its credit risk by only using banks w ith a high credit rating. Investm ents of cash and cash equivalents are m ade only with banks with a m inim um A rating according to Standard & Poor's.
Maxim um credit exposure representing the value of our trade receivables at the end of Decem ber 2012 was EUR 57,781 thousand (46,311 at the end of August 2011 and 52,116 at the end of Decem ber 2 0 1 1 ).
Credit risk from trade receivables
The G roup has no significant concentrations of credit risk in relation to trade receivables. The G roup's credit policy ensures that credit m anagem ent includes use of credit ratings, credit limits, decision m aking structures and m anagem ent of doubtful claim s. The po licy's goal is to ensure that sales are m ade only to custom ers with an appropriate credit rating. W hile the trade receivables closely follow the geography of Group operations, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk by custom er as the G roup has a large num ber of custom ers in m any countries that are not individually significant or related. Due to this, m anagem ent believes there is no further credit risk provision required in excess of the norm al provision for bad and doubtful receivables.
Financial credit risk
