Successor
On September 2, 2011, Dream Purchaser AB, a newly organised company existing under the laws of Sweden and a wholly owned subsidiary of the company became the purchaser of the entire outstanding stock of Securitas Direct AB and the subsidiaries ("Securitas Direct Group") through an assignment and novation of the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement from Securitas Direct Holding AB, with the exception of ESML SD Iberia Holdings S.L.U. ("Dream Spanish Bidco Group") whose shares have been acquired by the Dream Spanish Bidco S.A.E., a company organised under the laws of Spain and a wholly owned subsidiary of Dream Purchaser AB, through an assignment and novation of the Share Sale and Purchase agreement from Dream Spanish Bidco S.A.E. Both acquisitions are referred to as Securitas Direct Business.
Consideration payable of the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business amounted to EUR 1.8 billion, which was settled in cash. The acquisition was funded from borrowings of EUR 1.3 billion, EUR 0.5 billion in preferred convertible equity certificates issued in connection with the acquisition, and a shareholders' contribution of EUR 0.6 billion. See Note 4 and 23 for further description of the financing arrangements in connection with the transaction. Based on the initial estimate of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition, the Group has recognised goodwill of EUR 0.8 billion on the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business.
An agreement regarding arrangement of contingent consideration exists in respect of an eventuality whereby the Group was to be sold to a new acquirer. This arrangement has been assessed per the balance sheet date as not likely/probable to occur, resulting in the value of this arrangement being set to zero.
Goodwill recognised on the acquisition of Securitas Direct Business is principally attributable to expected future opportunities to increase sales and further enhance margins by further developing the company's service capabilities, extending the company's global presence by further penetrating markets in the emerging economies, and by pursuing performance improvement initiatives. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
Acquisition costs in 2011 of EUR 22 million were recognised and expensed during four months ended December 31,2011.
S ub sid iaries acq uire d in 2011
EUR thousand
Securitas Direct Business
