5,664
The G roup has pledged shares in subsidiaries, certain bank accounts, certain trade receivables, certain IP rights, certain inventory assets, certain intra-group loans, intra-group equity certificates, rights under certain insurances, certain rights under the acquisition agreem ents regarding the purchase of the Securitas Direct G roup and certain rights under reports in relation to the acquisition of Securitas Direct G roup as collateral for bank borrow ings, as disclosed in Note 23. G uarantees relate prim arily to guarantees provided to suppliers.
Note 28 Events during and after the reporting period Events during the reporting period Verisure H oldin g has, as of Jan ua ry 1, 2012, cha n g e d its a cco u n tin g p o licy regarding cu sto m e r acquisition costs. Historically, the G roup has expensed direct costs related to the acquisition of custom er contracts. The new po licy is to capitalise these costs as intangible assets, as they fulfil the requirem ent in IAS 38, Intangible Assets, of internally generated intangible assets, and to am ortise them over their useful life.
The new accounting policy better reflects the value creation in the business and hence im proves and m ore accurately represents the financial position of the com pany. The new accounting policy has been a p plie d p rospe ctively as of Jan ua ry 1, 2012, as retrospective ap p lica tio n is im practicable.
The c o m p a n y has cha n g e d its re po rting cu rre n cy as of Jan ua ry 1, 2012, from SEK to EUR. The conversion rate regarding SEK/EUR used for the opening balance of 2012 was 8.912.
On February 15, 2012, the com pany issued EUR 500 m illion Senior Secured Notes, Series A, EUR 100 m illion Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, Series A and EUR 271.5 m illion Senior Secured Notes, Series B, all due in 2018. At the sam e date, the funds from these notes w ere used to repay EUR
F-127
8L7o1a.n5wmaislliodnesoigfntheed ainsitiaalSBerriiedsgeALSoeanni.orThSeecruermedainLionagn.amount of EUR 50.0 million under the Bridge
Events after the reporting period As of February 1,2013 the com pany has appointed Lars Nordm ark as new CFO.
