Section 1.01. Definitions.
"Acquired Indebtedness" means Indebtedness (1) of a Person or any of its Subsidiaries existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or (2) assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from such Person, in each case whether or not Incurred by such Person in connection with such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or such acquisition or (3) of a Person at the time such Person merges with or into or consolidates or otherwise combines with the Issuer or any
- 1-
LO\5845724.11
Restricted Subsidiary. Acquired Indebtedness shall be deemed to have been Incurred, with respect to clause (1) of the preceding sentence, on the date such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and, with respect to clause (2) of the preceding sentence, on the date of consummation of such acquisition of assets and, with respect to clause (3) of the preceding sentence, on the date of the relevant merger, consolidation or other combination.
"Acquisition" means the purchase and redemption by the Purchaser or Dream Luxco S.C.A. (as applicable) of the securities comprising the Vendor's entire economic interest in Dream Luxco S.C.A., Dream Luxco GP S.a r.l and Verisure Midholding AB (publ) pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement.
"Acquisition Agreement" means the purchase and redemption agreement entered into between the Purchaser, Dream Luxco S.C.A., Dream Luxco GP S.a r.l and the Vendor in respect of the Acquisition, as amended from time to time.
"Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agreed Security Principles'" the agreed security principles appended to the Senior Facilities Agreement as in effect on the Completion Date, as applied mutatis mutandis with respect to the Notes in good faith by the Issuer.
