borne by such Global Notes in addition to or in lieu of those set forth in Exhibit A hereto
A in which any such Global Note may be exchanged in whole or in part for Additional
Notes registered, or any transfer of such Global Note in whole or in part may be
registered, in the name or names of Persons other than the depositary for such Global
Note or a nominee thereof.
(b) If any of the terms of any Additional Notes are established by action taken pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified by an Officer's Certificate and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Officer's Certificate of the Issuer or this Indenture supplemental hereto setting forth the terms of the Additional Notes.
(c) This Indenture is unlimited in aggregate principal amount. The Euro Senior Notes, the SEK Senior Notes and, if issued, any related Additional Notes will be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture, including, without limitation, with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided for herein.
(d) Except as provided otherwise herein, for the purposes of calculating the Euro Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes under this Indenture and the Notes, the Issuer may select a record date as of which the Euro Equivalent of the principal amount of any Notes shall be calculated.
Section 2.02. Form and Dating. Provisions relating to the Notes are set forth in Exhibit A, which is hereby incorporated in and expressly made a part of this Indenture. The (a) Euro Senior Notes, SEK Senior Notes and the Trustee's or the Authenticating Agent's certificate of authentication (as the case may be) and (b) any related Additional Notes (if issued as Transfer Restricted Notes) and the Trustee's or the Authenticating Agent's certificate of authentication (as the case may be) shall each be substantially in the form included in Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-2, as applicable, each of which is hereby incorporated in and expressly made a part of this Indenture. Any Additional Notes issued other than as Transfer Restricted Notes and the Trustee's or the Authenticating Agent's certificate of authentication (as the case may be) shall each be substantially in the form of Exhibit A (without the Restricted Notes Legend), which is hereby incorporated in and expressly made part of this Indenture. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule, agreements to which the Issuer is subject, if any, or usage, provided that any such notation, legend or endorsement is in a form acceptable to the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Trustee. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be issuable only in registered form without interest coupons and only in minimum denominations of 100,000 and whole multiples of 1 in excess thereof, in the case of the Euro Senior
