office at the time the Authenticating Agent authenticates the Note, the Note shall be valid
(b)
A Note shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the
Authenticating Agent manually signs the certificate of authentication on the Note. The
signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Note has been authenticated under this
Indenture.
(c) The Authenticating Agent shall authenticate and make available for delivery Notes as set forth in Exhibit A following receipt of an authentication order signed by an Officer of the Issuer directing the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent to authenticate such Notes (the "Authentication Order")
(d) The Issuer shall appoint an Authenticating Agent to authenticate the Notes. The terms "Authenticating Agent' includes Citibank N.A., London Branch, and any successor or additional Authenticating Agent appointed hereunder. The Issuer initially appoints Citibank N.A., London Branch, who accepts such appointment, as Authenticating Agent. Unless limited by the terms of such appointment, the Authenticating Agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. The Authenticating Agent has the same rights as any Registrar, Paying Agent or agent for service of notices and demands.
Section 2.04. Registrar, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent. (i) The Issuer shall maintain an office or agency in Germany where Notes may be presented for registration (the "Registrar") and an office or agency in (a) the City of London (the "Principal Paying Agent") and (b) Luxembourg for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, where Notes may be presented for payment (any office or agency where Notes may be presented payment, a "Paying Agent"). In addition, the Issuer shall maintain an office or agency where Notes may be presented for transfer or exchange (the "Transfer Agent"). The Registrar shall keep a register reflecting ownership of the Notes outstanding from time to time and of their transfer and exchange. The Issuer may have one or more co-registrars and one or more additional transfer and paying agents. In addition, there shall be a Calculation Agent for purposes of the Notes. The terms "Paying Agent' and "Transfer
