(d) The Issuer shall appoint an Authenticating Agent to authenticate the Notes. The terms "Authenticating Agent' includes Citibank N.A., London Branch, and any successor or additional Authenticating Agent appointed hereunder. The Issuer initially appoints Citibank N.A., London Branch, who accepts such appointment, as Authenticating Agent. Unless limited by the terms of such appointment, the Authenticating Agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. The Authenticating Agent has the same rights as any Registrar, Paying Agent or agent for service of notices and demands.
- 63 -
LO\5845724.11
Agent" include the Principal Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent any additional paying agent or transfer agent, as applicable, and the term "Registraf" includes any co-registrars. The Issuer initially appoints Citibank N.A., London Branch, in London who accepts such appointment as Principal Paying Agent. The Issuer initially appoints Citibank N.A., London Branch, who accepts such appointment, as Transfer Agent. The Issuer initially appoints Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG, who accepts such appointment, as Registrar. The Issuer initially appoints Citibank N.A., London Branch, who accepts such appointment, as Calculation Agent.
(ii) The Issuer shall enter into an appropriate agency agreement with any Registrar or Paying Agent not a party to this Indenture. Such agreement shall implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such agent. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any such agent. If the Issuer fails to maintain a Registrar, Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, the Trustee may act, or may arrange for appropriate parties to act, as such and shall be entitled to appropriate compensation therefor pursuant to Section 7.07. The Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary may act as Paying Agent or Registrar.
(iii) The Issuer may change any Registrar, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or Transfer Agent upon written notice to such Registrar, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or Transfer Agent and to the Trustee, without prior notice to the Holders; provided, however, that no such removal shall become effective until (i) acceptance of an appointment by a successor as evidenced by an appropriate agreement entered into by the Issuer and such successor Registrar, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, and delivered to the Trustee or (ii) notification to the Trustee that the Trustee shall, to the extent that it determines that it is able, serve as Registrar or Paying Agent or Calculation Agent or Transfer Agent until the appointment of a successor in accordance with clause (i) above; provided further that in no event may the Issuer appoint a Paying Agent in any member state of the European Union where the Paying Agent would be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in connection with any payment made by it in relation to the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so obliged if it were located in all other member states. The Registrar, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Transfer Agent may resign by providing 30 days' written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee. In addition, for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF and its applicable rules so require, the Issuer shall publish notice of the change in the Registrar, a Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent in Luxembourg in a newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). Such notice of the change in the Registrar, a Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Transfer Agent may also be published on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), to the extent and in the manner permitted by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Section 2.05. Paying Agent to Hold Money. No later than 11:00 a.m. London time on each due date of the principal of, interest and premium (if any) on any
- 64 -
LO\5845724.11
