- 64 -
Note, the Issuer shall deposit with the appropriate Paying Agent (or if the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer is acting as Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto) a sum sufficient to pay such principal, interest and premium (if any) when so becoming due and, subject to receipt of such monies, the Paying Agent shall make payment on the Notes in accordance with this Indenture. If the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate the money held by it as Paying Agent and hold it as a separate trust fund. The Issuer at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee and to account for any funds disbursed by the Paying Agent. Upon complying with this Section, the Paying Agent shall have no further liability for the money delivered to the Trustee. The Issuer shall on the Business Day prior to the day on which the Paying Agent is to receive payment, procure that the bank effecting payment for it confirms by tested SWIFT MT199 message (or equivalent message) to the Paying Agent the payment instructions relating to such payment. For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agent and the Trustee shall be held harmless and have no liability with respect to payments or disbursements to be made by the Paying Agent and Trustee (i) for which payment instructions are not made or that are not otherwise deposited by the respective times set forth in this Section 2.05 and (ii) until they have confirmed receipt of funds sufficient to make the relevant payment.
The Paying Agent shall not be bound to make payment of any amount pursuant to this Indenture until it is satisfied that it has received full payment of such amount from or on behalf of the Issuer.
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Paying Agent shall not hold any amounts pursuant hereto in trust but shall hold such amounts as banker. Such amounts shall not be held subject to the Client Money rules of the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority.
Section 2.06. Holder Lists. The Registrar shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of Holders. Following the exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes, the Issuer shall furnish, or cause the Registrar to furnish, to the Trustee, the Transfer Agent and the Paying Agent in writing at least five Business Days before each interest payment date, and at such other times as the Trustee may reasonably require, the names and addresses of Holders of such Definitive Registered Notes.
Section 2.07. Transfer and Exchange. The Notes shall be issued in registered form and shall be transferable only upon the surrender of a Note for registration of transfer and in compliance with Exhibit A. When a Note is presented to the Registrar or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, with a request to register a transfer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, shall register the transfer as requested if its requirements therefor are met. When Notes are presented to the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, with a request to exchange them for an equal
- 65 -
LO\5845724.11
principal amount of Notes of other denominations, the Registrar shall make the exchange as requested if the same requirements are met. To permit registration of transfers and exchanges, the Issuer shall execute and the Authenticating Agent shall authenticate Notes at the request of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be. The Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to pay all taxes, assessments or other governmental charges in connection with any transfer or exchange pursuant to this Section. The Registrar and Transfer Agent are not required to register the transfer or exchange of any Notes (i) for a period of 15 days prior to any date fixed for the redemption of any Notes, (ii) for a period of 15 days immediately prior to the date fixed for selection of Notes to be redeemed in part, (iii) for a period of 15 days prior to the record date with respect to any interest payment date, or (iv) which the Holder has tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer or an Asset Disposition Offer.
