from any loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Issuer and the Trustee may charge the Holder for their expenses in replacing a Note including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel. In the event any such mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may pay such Note instead of issuing a new Note in replacement thereof.
The provisions of this Section 2.08 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Notes.
Section 2.09. Outstanding Notes. Notes outstanding at any time are all Notes authenticated by the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent except for those canceled by either of them, those delivered to either of them for cancellation and those described in this Section as not outstanding. Subject to Section 13.04, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer holds the Note.
If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.08, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee and the Issuer receive proof satisfactory to them that the replaced Note is held by a protected purchaser.
If the Paying Agent receives (or if the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer is acting as Paying Agent and such Paying Agent segregates and holds in trust) in accordance with this Indenture, by 11:00 a.m. London time on each redemption date or maturity date money sufficient to pay all principal and interest and premium, if any, payable on that date with respect to the Notes (or portions thereof) to be redeemed or maturing, as the case may be, and the Paying Agent is not, as advised to it in writing by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Registrar, prohibited in writing from paying such amount to the Holders on that date pursuant to the terms of this Indenture or the Intercreditor Agreement, then on and after that date such Notes (or portions thereof) cease to be outstanding and interest on them ceases to accrue.
Section 2.10. Temporary Notes. In the event that Definitive Registered Notes are to be issued under the terms of this Indenture, until such Definitive Registered Notes are ready for delivery, the Issuer may prepare and the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent shall authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of Definitive Registered Notes but may have variations that the Issuer considers appropriate for temporary Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Issuer shall prepare and the Authenticating Agent shall authenticate Definitive Registered Notes and deliver them in exchange for temporary Notes upon surrender of such temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Issuer, without charge to the Holder.
Section 2.11. Cancellation. The Issuer at any time may deliver Notes to the Registrar for cancellation. The Transfer Agent and the Trustee shall forward to the Registrar any Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or
- 67 -
LO\5845724.11
