- 67 -
payment. The Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent (or an agent authorized by the Registrar) and no one else shall cancel all Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment or cancellation and shall dispose of canceled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures or deliver canceled Notes to the Issuer pursuant to written direction by an Officer of the Issuer. Certification of the destruction of all canceled Notes shall be delivered to the Issuer. The Issuer may not issue new Notes to replace Notes it has redeemed or delivered to the Registrar for cancellation. If the Issuer shall acquire any of the Notes, such acquisition shall not operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the Indebtedness represented by such Notes, unless and until the same are surrendered to the Registrar for cancellation pursuant to this Section 2.11. Neither the Trustee nor the Authenticating Agent shall authenticate Notes in place of canceled Notes other than pursuant to the terms of this Indenture.
Section 2.12. Common Codes and ISIN Numbers. The Issuer in issuing the Notes may use Common Codes and ISIN numbers (if then generally in use) and, if so, the Trustee and Agents shall use Common Codes and ISIN numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided, however, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee and the Paying Agent in writing of any change in the Common Code or ISIN numbers.
Section 2.13. PIK Toggle Option. Subject to the terms of this Indenture and Section 1 and Section 2 of Exhibit A-1, interest on the Notes may be paid at the election of the Issuer as Cash Interest or PIK Interest. PIK Interest on the Notes will be payable (a) with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by a nominee of the Depositary, as applicable on the relevant record date, by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding Global Note by an amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable Interest Period (rounded up to the nearest whole euro or SEK, as applicable) (a "PIK Payment') as provided in writing by the Issuer to the Trustee, which shall be recorded in the Registrar's books and records and in the schedule to the Global Note in accordance with this Indenture and (b) with respect to Notes represented by Definitive Registered Notes, by issuing PIK Notes in certificated form ("PIK Notes'') in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable Interest Period (rounded up to the nearest whole euro or SEK, as applicable), and the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent will, at the written order of the Issuer, authenticate and deliver such PIK Notes in certificated form for original issuance to the Holders on the relevant record date, as shown by the records of the register of Holders. Following an increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Global Notes as a result of a PIK Payment, the Notes will bear interest on such increased principal amount from and after the date of such PIK Payment. Any PIK Notes so issued will be dated as of the applicable interest payment date and will bear interest from and after such date. All PIK Notes issued will be governed by, and
- 68 -
LO\5845724.11
subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of, this Indenture and shall have the same rights and benefits as the Initial Notes. Any PIK Notes will be issued with the description "PIK" on the face of such PIK Note.
Section 2.14. Currency. In the case of Euro Senior Notes, euro, and in the case of SEK Senior Notes, SEK, is the sole currencies of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer or any Guarantor under or in connection with the Notes, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than euro (with respect to the Euro Senior Notes) or SEK (with respect to the SEK Senior Notes), whether as a result of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or any Guarantor or otherwise by any Holder of a Note or by the Trustee or any Paying Agent, in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or any Guarantor will only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or any Guarantor to the extent of the euro amount or SEK amount, as applicable, which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so).
If that euro or SEK amount is less than the euro amount or the SEK amount, as applicable, expressed to be due to the recipient or the relevant Paying Agent under any the relevant Note, the Issuer or any Guarantor will indemnify them against any loss sustained by such recipient as a result. In any event, the Issuer or any Guarantor will indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Section 2.14, it will be prima facie evidence of the matter stated therein for the Holder of a Note or the Trustee to certify in a manner satisfactory to the Issuer (indicating the sources of information used) the loss it Incurred in making any such purchase. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, will give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder of a Note or the Trustee (other than a waiver of the indemnities set out herein) and will continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or to the Trustee.
