Section 2.14. Currency. In the case of Euro Senior Notes, euro, and in the case of SEK Senior Notes, SEK, is the sole currencies of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer or any Guarantor under or in connection with the Notes, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than euro (with respect to the Euro Senior Notes) or SEK (with respect to the SEK Senior Notes), whether as a result of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or any Guarantor or otherwise by any Holder of a Note or by the Trustee or any Paying Agent, in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or any Guarantor will only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or any Guarantor to the extent of the euro amount or SEK amount, as applicable, which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so).
Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, for purposes of determining compliance with any euro-denominated restriction herein, the Euro Equivalent amount for purposes hereof that is denominated in a non-euro currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such non euro amount is Incurred or made, as the case may be.
LO\5845724.11
- 69 -
ARTICLE III
REDEMPTION
Section 3.01. Notices to Trustee and Paying Agents. If the Issuer elects to redeem Notes pursuant to Section 5 or 6 of the Notes, it shall notify the Trustee and the relevant Paying Agent of the redemption date and the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed and the section of the Note pursuant to which the redemption will occur.
The Issuer shall give each notice to the Registrar and the relevant Paying Agent provided for in this Article III at least 10 days, but not more than 60 days, before the redemption date unless the Registrar or the relevant Paying Agent (as the case may be) consents to a shorter period in its sole discretion. In the case of a redemption pursuant to Section 5 of the Notes, such notice shall be accompanied by an Officer's Certificate from the Issuer to the effect that such redemption will comply with the conditions herein.
In the case of a redemption provided for by Section 6 of the Notes, prior to the publication or mailing of any notice of redemption of any series of Notes pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer will deliver to the Registrar, Trustee and the relevant Paying Agent (a) an Officer's Certificate stating that it is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to its right so to redeem have been satisfied and (b) an opinion of an independent tax counsel of recognized standing to the effect that the circumstances referred to above exist. The Registrar, Trustee and the relevant Paying Agent will accept such Officer's Certificate and opinion as sufficient existence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent described above, in which event it will be conclusive and binding on the Holders. Any such notice may be canceled at any time prior to notice of such redemption being mailed to any Holder and shall thereby be void and of no effect.
