The Issuer shall give each notice to the Registrar and the relevant Paying Agent provided for in this Article III at least 10 days, but not more than 60 days, before the redemption date unless the Registrar or the relevant Paying Agent (as the case may be) consents to a shorter period in its sole discretion. In the case of a redemption pursuant to Section 5 of the Notes, such notice shall be accompanied by an Officer's Certificate from the Issuer to the effect that such redemption will comply with the conditions herein.
Section 3.02. Selection of Notes To Be Redeemed or Repurchased. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or depository requirements (in which case, the Registrar shall select the Notes for redemption in accordance with such requirements), the Notes shall be redeemed on a pro rata basis across all Notes based on the Euro Equivalent aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Notes; provided, however, that no Euro Senior Note of 100,000 in aggregate principal amount or less shall be redeemed in part and only Euro Senior Notes in integral multiples of 1 will be redeemed and no SEK Senior Notes of SEK 1,000,000 in aggregate principal amount or less shall be redeemed in part and only SEK Senior Notes in integral multiplies of SEK 1 will be redeemed. The Registrar will not be liable for any selections made by it in accordance with this Section 3.02.
If any Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption shall state the portion of the principal amount to be redeemed. In the case of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in principal amount equal to the
- 70 -
LO\5845724.11
unredeemed portion of any Definitive Registered Note redeemed in part will be issued in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Definitive Registered Note. In the case of a Global Note, an appropriate notation will be made on such Global Note to decrease the principal amount thereof to an amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof. Subject to the terms of the applicable redemption notice, Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.
Section 3.03. Notice of Redemption. Subject to Section 3.03(ii) below, not less than 10 days but not more than 60 days before a date for redemption of Notes, the Issuer shall transmit to each Holder (with a copy to the Trustee and Registrar) a notice of redemption in accordance with Section 13.01; provided, however, that any notice of redemption provided for by Section 6 of the Notes shall not be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Payor would be obligated to make a payment of Additional Amounts unless at the time such notice is given, the obligation to pay such Additional Amounts remains in effect. In addition, for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF and its applicable rules so require, the Issuer shall publish notice of redemption in accordance with the prevailing rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Such notice of redemption may also be delivered in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, in lieu of the aforesaid mailing.
(i) state:
The notice shall identify the Notes to be redeemed and shall
