such event, the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent at least 5 Business
the Holders (unless a shorter period is satisfactory to the Registrar), an
Officer's Certificate requesting that the Paying Agent give such notice and
the form of notice to be given.
Section 3.04. Effect of Notice of Redemption. Once notice of redemption is delivered, Notes called for redemption cease to accrue interest, and become due and payable, on the redemption date and at the redemption price stated in the notice; provided, however, that any redemption notice given in respect of the redemption referred to in Section 5 of the Notes may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent, the Notes shall be paid at the redemption price stated in the notice, plus accrued interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date; provided, however, that if the redemption date is after a regular record date and on or prior to the interest payment date, the accrued interest shall be payable to the Holder of the redeemed Notes registered on the relevant record date. Failure to give notice or any defect in the notice to any Holder shall not affect the validity of the notice to any other Holder.
Section 3.05. Deposit of Redemption Price. No later than 11:00 a.m. London time on each redemption date, the Issuer shall deposit with the Paying Agent (or, if the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer is the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust) money in immediately available funds sufficient to pay the redemption price of and accrued interest on all Notes or portions thereof to be redeemed on that date other than Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption that have been delivered by the Issuer to the Registrar for cancellation. On and after the redemption date, interest shall cease to accrue on Notes or portions thereof called for redemption so long as the Issuer has deposited with the Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the principal of, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, the Notes to be redeemed, unless the Paying Agent is prohibited from making such payment pursuant to the terms of this Indenture. For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agent and the Trustee shall be held harmless and have no liability with respect to payments or disbursements to be made by the Paying Agent and Trustee (i) for which payment instructions are not made or that are not
- 72 -
LO\5845724.11
otherwise deposited by the respective times set forth in this Section 3.05, and (ii) until they have confirmed receipt of funds sufficient to make the relevant payment.
