19.1 I 1v I ' iA 1 19.14 19.15 I v. 14
If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Bond Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 20.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 21.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. For the purposes of a second Bondholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 19.10, the date of request of the second Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 20.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 21.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 19.9 shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Bond Trustee's consent, as applicable.
A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some o f its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit o f any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective o f them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose o f carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Bond Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision is to be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge o f the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective o f whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy o f such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to each person registered as a Bondholder on the date referred to in Clause 19.6(a) or 19.6(b), as the case may be, and also be published on the website o f the Issuer provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, as applicable.
