23.2.2 23.2.3
Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Bond Trustee Agreement and the Bond Trustee's obligations as Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Bond Trustee may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security and the Guarantee pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security and any claim under the Guarantee on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the content, due execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security and will not act as an advisor to the Bondholders (whether legal, commercial or otherwise).
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to actively assess or monitor (i) the financial condition of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company, (ii) the compliance by the Parent or the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents (unless expressly set out in the Finance Documents) or (iii) whether an Event of Default has occurred or not.
The Bond Trustee only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Bond Trustee Agreement and upon instructions of the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Terms and Conditions or the Bond Trustee Agreement. When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall act in the best interest of the Bondholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties without having to first obtain any consent from the Issuer or the Bondholders, but the Bond Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
