The Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee when acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders or a demand by Bondholders given in accordance with the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Bond Trustee
Subject to Clause 23.4.6, the Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Bond Trustee at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Bond Trustee or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
Subject to Clause 23.4.6, if the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Bond Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Bond Trustee and appointing a new Bond Trustee. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Bond Trustee be dismissed and a new Bond Trustee appointed.
If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Bond Trustee within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Bond Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Bond Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Bond Trustee shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Bond Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Bond Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Bond Trustee and acceptance by such successor Bond Trustee of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Bond Trustee.
