(b) any time from and including the Business Day falling six (6) months prior to the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Mandatory Prepayment due to Permitted Partial Divestment
The Issuer shall ensure that, upon a Permitted Partial Divestment, an amount at least equal to the Release Price for each Property or Property Company divested (such amount referred to as the "Prepayment Amount") is transferred to the Escrow Account. When the Prepayment Amount has been transferred to the Escrow Account, the Bond Trustee shall release the security interest over the divested asset (as applicable). The Prepayment Amount shall remain on the Escrow Account until the Bond Trustee instructs the Account Bank to transfer such amount for the purpose o f prepayment o fthe Bonds as set out in this Clause 10.4.
The Issuer shall ensure that the Prepayment Amount is used to partially to prepay the Bonds by applying the Prepayment Amount towards reduction o fthe Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata at a price equal to 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The amount to be prepaid shall be rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00 per Bond.
The prepayment o fthe Bonds shall (i) be irrevocable (ii) be executed on the first Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) falling after the end of the notice period set out in the notice delivered to the Bondholders pursuant to paragraph (iv) below, (iii) include accrued but unpaid Interest and (iv) be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the relevant Interest Payment Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Interest Payment Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the
LEGAL#9321348v15
20(54)
4 ).5 10.5.1 10.5.2
10.5.3 10.5.4
