to the Secured Parties as represented by the Security Agent. The Transaction Security shall be provided and, as applicable, perfected or unperfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into between the Parent or an Issuer Group Company (as applicable) and the Security Agent (acting on behalf of the Secured Parties). The Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
The Transaction Security shall, subject to applicable mandatory law only, be first ranking. Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and for as long as it is continuing, the Transaction Security pursuant to the Receivables Pledge Agreement, the Loan Pledge Agreement referred to in paragraph (g) item (ii) in the definition of the "Security Documents" shall be perfected in accordance with the relevant Security Documents. In addition, the share pledge over the shares in the MSC Companies will be subject to delayed perfection in accordance with the terms of the Share Pledge Agreement over the Property Companies.
Unless and until the Bond Trustee has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Bond Trustee shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Parent, an Issuer Group Company or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Bond Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security or the Guarantee, creating further Security or guarantees for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders', the Parent's or an Issuer Group Company's rights to the Transaction Security or the Guarantee, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Secured Parties, the Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD in the name and on behalf of the Issuer to arrange for payments to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and change the bank account registered with the CSD to another bank account. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide it with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under this Clause 11.5.
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to release all Transaction Security when the Bond Trustee has received evidence to its satisfaction of the full discharge of the Secured
LEGAL#9321348v15
23(54)
12. 12.1 12.1.1
12.1.2 12.1.3
