"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
1
"Call Option Amount" means
(a) 102.7% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but not including) the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date;
(b) 101.7% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date;
(c) 100.7% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) on or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00% of the voting rights of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer or (ii) the Main Shareholder ceases to control at least 31 491 942 voting rights in the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. The Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Equity Ratio (if in connection with the Incurrence Test, the Equity Ratio shall be calculated proform a and in accordance with the Calculation Principles).
"Consolidated Group Company" means legal entities included in the Group's consolidated balance sheet in accordance with the proportionate method (Sw. klyvningsmetoderi) and/or after the conversion to IFRS in accordance with the equity method (Sw. kapitalandelsmetoden).
