in a manner which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower should generally be allowed (without any prior approval of the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders) to sell assets or businesses if the net proceeds from such sales are being used for the repayment of financial debt obligations, including this Loan. (c) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time, (d) not, during the term of the Loan, make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares, share capital distribution or make any other distributions or loans to its shareholder (including any total return swaps), (e) make any acquisitions (paid for with cash or shares) unless all shareholder elected representatives of the Borrower's board of directors have unanimously approved such acquisition, and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) procure that, if the financial covenants structure set out in the Bank Loan Agreement is altered, e.g. by way of excluding or replacing any of the financial covenants, replacing any of the parameters (and not merely altering the levels of the relevant financial ratios) which are the basis for measuring the financial covenants, or otherwise, in each case such that this creates a materially more flexible structure for the Borrower, this Loan Agreement shall be amended to include limitations on the Borrower's total financial indebtedness, broadly similar to those set out in the Bank Loan Agreement.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository (or the paying agent).
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall, subject to Clause 19.2, on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
