(c) Each of the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent shall be authorised by the Bondholders and under an obligation towards the Issuer to agree to the release of any security interest
established in favour of the Security Agent or the Bond Trustee as representative of the Bondholders over an asset or any part thereof which is sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of in connection with a Permitted Disposal.
3. THE BONDHOLDERS
3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders (a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.
(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.
3.2 Limitation of rights of action (a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.
(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(c) The Bondholders acknowledge that no action has been taken by the Issuer that would permit any Bondholder to make a public offer of the Bonds in any country or jurisdiction where any such action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Bondholders undertake that they will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell the Bonds publicly or distribute or publish the Bond Terms or any other offering circular, prospectus, application form, advertisement or other offering material in any country or jurisdiction where any such action is required to be taken by the Issuer to permit such offering or sale of the Bonds or distribution or publication of the Bond Terms or any other offering circular, prospectus, application form, advertisement or other offering material.
3.3 Bondholders' rights (a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
