(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 (Authority of Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
33 (46)
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 15.1(Authority of Bondholders' Meeting).
16. THE BOND TRUSTEE
16.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) The Issuer appoints the Bond Trustee to act as Bond Trustee (Dan: repræsentant) of the Bondholders pursuant to Chapter 2.a. of the Danish Securities Trading Act. The Bond Trustee accepts such appointment. The Bond Trustee shall be registered with the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority in accordance with the Danish Securities Trading Act and the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall provide all information required by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority.
