"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
Margin" means 5.90 per cent. per annum.
7
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Group's ability to perform and comply with the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer and any other Group Company with earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated on the same basis as EBITDA representing 5.00 per cent. or more of EBITDA, or which has total assets representing 5.00 per cent. or more of the total assets of the Group, calculated on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (including Finance Leases, but no other leases) less cash and cash equivalents of the Group in accordance with the applicable Accounting Principles of the Group from time to time (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding guarantees, counter indemnities in respect of bank guarantees, Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from a Bond Issue after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner (if the Sole Bookrunner has requested that its fees and costs shall be deducted) and the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
