(e) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (other than as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement), except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Initial Bonds, less the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Bonds, for (i) financing the acquisition of the Target Companies, (ii) providing an intra-group loan to Totalleveranser Sverige AB in the amount of SEK 350,000,000, (iii) financing general corporate purposes, and (iv) financing Transaction Costs. Net Proceeds from any Subsequent Bond Issue shall be used to financing general corporate purposes of the Group, including investments and acquisitions.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The Issuer shall establish the Proceeds Account prior to the First Issue Date. On the First Issue Date, the Issuing Agent shall transfer the Net Proceeds from the Initial Bonds to the Proceeds Account. The payment of the Net Proceeds from the Initial Bonds to the Proceeds Account is subject to the Agent having received documents and evidence of the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement being duly executed and that the documents and/or other evidences to be delivered pursuant to the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement have been delivered.
(b) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Agent:
(i) copies of constitutional documents for the Issuer and each other Group Company being a party to a Finance Document;
