(vi) a confirmation from the Issuer to the Agent that no other debt than Permitted Debt is borrowed by the Issuer or the Target Companies;
(viii) a closing certificate duly executed by the Issuer confirming that the acquisition of all shares in the Target Companies will be completed immediately following disbursement.
(c) When the Agent is satisfied that it has received the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the funds from the Proceeds Account in accordance with the payment instruction, and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Proceeds Account.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been received by the Agent within sixty (60) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d) and any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer. The redemption date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the sixty (60) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register
15
