(ii) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 30 months after the First Issue Date at an amount equal to 102.950 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(iv) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 36 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 42 months after the First Issue Date at an amount equal to 101.475 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(v) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 42 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 45 months after the First Issue Date at an amount equal to 100.738 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(vi) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 45 months after the First Issue Date to, and including, the Final Maturity Date at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment
18
of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Voluntary partial redemption
(a) The Issuer may on one occasion each calendar year, make partial repayments of Bonds in an amount corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the aggregate Initial Nominal Amount. Any such partial repayment shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata and shall be made together with accrued but unpaid interest and a premium of 2 per cent. of the repaid amount.
