9.4 Voluntary partial redemption
(b) In the event all or some of the shares of any of the Target Companies, except RGS 90 A/S, are sold or otherwise disposed of, the maximum annual partial repayment pursuant to (a) above may (at the discretion of the Issuer) be increased to fifteen (15) per cent. of the Nominal Amount per annum.
(c) The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event). The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1,000) plus a premium on the repaid amount in accordance with Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) for the relevant period.
(d) Partial redemption pursuant to this Clause 9.4 (Voluntary partial redemption) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in part on the immediately following Interest Payment Date (after the notice period has elapsed) at the applicable amounts. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro and paid to the Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
(e) Notwithstanding paragraphs (a)-(c) above, the aggregate Nominal Amount may not be below EUR 150,000,000 at any time other than in connection with a redemption of the Bonds in full in accordance with Clause 9.1 (Redemption at maturity) or Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)).
19
9.5 Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.5(a) no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
