(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
sold on a non-recourse basis); (f) any derivative transaction (and, when calculating the value of that derivative
transaction, only the marked to market value as at the relevant date on which Financial Indebtedness is calculated (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount) shall be taken into account); (g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; (h) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement if (a) one of the primary reasons behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than sixty (60) days after the date of supply; (i) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; and (j) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above. "Financial Year" means the annual accounting period of the Group. "First Call Date" means the date falling twenty-four (24) months after the First Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. "First Issue Date" means 18 May 2017. "Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 23.1. "Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company"). "Initial Notes" means the Notes issued on the First Issue Date.
D-2686919-v5
7
"In-house Valuation Report" means a valuation report prepared by the Issuer of the Properties which shall be based upon the same principles as the External Valuation Reports are based on and be in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent. "Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) omforetagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.3. "Interest Payment Date" means 16 March, 16 June, 16 September and 16 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 16 September 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). "Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus 3.15 per cent. per annum. "Issuer" means Heimstaden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556670-0455.
"Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 516406 0138, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
