"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). "Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus 3.15 per cent. per annum. "Issuer" means Heimstaden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556670-0455.
"Listing Failure Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if the loan constituted by the terms and conditions and evidenced by the Initial Notes has not been admitted to trading within sixty (60) days from the First Issue Date (although the intention is to list the Initial Notes within thirty (30) days from the First Issue Date).
"Loan to Value" means, at any time, the Total Net Debt as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the Properties (determined in accordance with the most recent Valuation Report of the Properties).
D-2686919-v5
8
"Make Whole Price" means an amount equal to the sum of: (a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of one hundred and two (102.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and (b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Record Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Noteholders); both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Notes until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), which is or can be admitted for trading on a Swedish or foreign regulated market. "Material Group Company" means the Issuer and any other Group Company which total assets according to the latest Financial Report amount to at least SEK 50,000,000. "Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556420-8394. "Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3. "Note" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes. "Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Note. "Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 15 (Noteholders'Meeting). "Properties" means all real properties and site leasehold rights owned by any member of the Group from time to time. "Quarter Date" means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
D-2686919-v5
9
