9.4 9.4.1
9.4.3 9.4.4 9.4.5
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 9.3.1 and 9.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event occurring, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of fifteen (15) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the Listing Failure Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.4, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event, as applicable, offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.4 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.4, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
