10.1.4
D-2686919-v5
19
circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance. 10.2 Information from the Agent The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing. 10.3 Publication of Finance Documents 10.3.1 The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the website of the Issuer and the Agent. 10.3.2 The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Noteholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours. 11 GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 11.1 Disposals The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into a single transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the assets or operations of the Group where such disposal is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents. 11.2 Negative pledge The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets for any Market Loan raised by the Company or another Group Company. 11.3 Merger The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, unless between Group Companies and provided that the Issuer is the surviving entity. 11.4 Change of business The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group taken as a whole (i.e. primarily holding and operating properties) from that carried out by the Group on the First Issue Date.
D-2686919-v5
20
11.5 Maintenance of Properties The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company, keep the Properties in a good state of repair and maintenance, subject to normal wear and tear and in accordance with normal market practice, and in such repair and condition as will enable each Group Company owning a Property to comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations.
11.6 Insurance The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company, keep the Properties insured to an extent which is customary for similar properties on the Swedish market with one or more reputable insurers. The insurance cover shall inter alia include full value insurance and third party liability insurances.
11.7 Valuation The Issuer shall: (a) annually, at the cost of the Issuer, distribute to the Agent an External Valuation Report relating to the value of the Properties as of 31 December each year, to be delivered together with the Compliance Certificate for that Test Date; (b) on each Quarter Date, at the cost of the Issuer, distribute to the Agent an In-house Valuation Report relating to the value of the Properties on the relevant Quarter Date, to be delivered together with the Compliance Certificate for that Test Date; and (c) upon the request of the Agent, distribute to the Agent, at the cost of the Issuer, an External Valuation Report if (i) an Event of Default has occurred, or (ii) the Agent has reason to believe that the figures set out in the most recent Valuation Report are inaccurate.
