(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Noteholders' Meeting, in respect of a Noteholders' Meeting, or
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
D-2686919-v5
26
14.5 The following matters shall require consent of Noteholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 16.3: (a) the issue of any Subsequent Notes, if the total nominal amount of the Notes exceeds, or if such issue would cause the total nominal amount of the Notes to at any time exceed, SEK 1,250,000,000 (for the avoidance of doubt, for which consent shall be required at each occasion such Subsequent Notes are issued); (b) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 11 (General undertakings); (c) a mandatory exchange of Notes for other securities; (d) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer; (e) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking; or (f) amend the provisions in this Clause 14.5.
14.6 Any matter not covered by Clause 14.5 shall require the consent of Noteholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 16.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 17.1(a) or (b)) or an acceleration of the Notes.
14.7 Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 14.5, and otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount: (a) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or (b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
14.8 If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 15.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 16.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 14.7 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
D-2686919-v5
