4
(a) the Make Whole Price if the Call Option is exercised before the First Call Date; (b) 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or
after the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date; (c) 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date; (d) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date; (e) 100.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Maturity Date; or (f) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Maturity Date provided that such early redemption is financed in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s). "Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om vardepapperscentraler och kontoforing avfmansiella instrument). "Change of Control Event" means if Fredensborg AS ceases to control the Issuer, and where "control" means that Fredensborg AS ceases to (i) own, directly or indirectly, and vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of shares and votes in the Issuer, or (ii) have the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
D-2686919-v5
5
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance set out in Schedule 1 (Compliance Certificate), signed by the Issuer certifying:
(a) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it; and
(b) the percentages and calculations in respect of Loan to Value and the Equity Ratio.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. "Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments). "Equity Ratio" means, at any time, the equity of the Group as a percentage of the aggregate value of the Total Assets (in each case calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and in line with the principles for the audited financial statements). "Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 12 (Events o f Default). "External Valuation Report" means a valuation report prepared by a Valuer approved by SFF (Sw. Sektionenför fastighetsvärdering), in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and prepared on the basis of the market value of the Properties, as adjusted by an in house valuation of those Properties potentially being subject to transformation from tenant's rights to tenant-owners' rights (Sw. ombildningfrån hyresrätt till bostadsrätt), and approved by the Issuer's auditor. "Final Maturity Date" means 18 May 2021. "Finance Documents" means:
