Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent's obligations as agent and security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent and/or security agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
Upon request by a Holder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
36
