A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against any Group Company or the Guarantor to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of any Group Company or the Guarantor in relation to any of the liabilities of such Group Company or the Guarantor under the Finance Documents.
The provisions of Clause 23.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event, a Mandatory Repurchase Event or a Listing Failure (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.
TIME-BAR
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Acton Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under orin connectionwith these Terms and Conditions:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to
