A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P 1 or higher by Moody's Investor Services Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper or debt securities, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby: (i) one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Guarantor and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the votes of the Guarantor, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Guarantor or (ii) the Issuer ceases to be a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Guarantor.
"Commercial Buildings" means each of the following commercial buildings after that such commercial buildings have been transferred, at first hand, by way of land reallotment, to separate properties (i) the five boathouses (Sw. sjöbodarna) owned by Nacka 5 but currently forming part of the property Nacka Sicklaön 13:87 ("Commercial Buildings 1") and (ii) the building with the address Augustendalsvägen 47-49, SE-131 52 Nacka Strand, Sweden, currently forming part of the property Nacka Sicklaön 13:135 owned by Nacka 5 and the building with the address Augustendalsvägen 51, SE-131 52 Nacka Strand, Sweden, currently forming part of the property Nacka Sicklaön 13:135 owned by Nacka 5 ("Commercial Buildings 2").
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, that the Maintenance Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets and the Cash Position.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Deposit Account" means the Issuer's bank account held with the account bank and which shall be pledged under the Deposit Account Pledge Agreement.
5
