11.4.2
retained or sold or, if held by the Issuer or a Person appointed by the Issuer, cancelled by the Issuer.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Price together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Price together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment o f the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a Mandatory Repurchase Event or a Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change o f Control Event, a Mandatory Repurchase Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, o f its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to (i) one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring and (ii) the applicable Call Option Price upon a Mandatory Repurchase Event occurring, in each case, together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of fifteen (15) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.12 (e). The fifteen (15) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, the Mandatory Repurchase Event or the Listing Failure (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.12 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.12 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.
