Upon a Change o f Control Event, a Mandatory Repurchase Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, o f its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to (i) one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring and (ii) the applicable Call Option Price upon a Mandatory Repurchase Event occurring, in each case, together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of fifteen (15) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.12 (e). The fifteen (15) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, the Mandatory Repurchase Event or the Listing Failure (as applicable).
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements o f any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
21
11.4.4 11.5
11.6 11.6.1
11.6.2 12. 12.1
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 11.2 (The Group Companies 'purchase o fBonds).
Mandatory redemption due to failure to fulfil the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement
If the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have not been fulfilled within fifteen (15) Business Days after the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. The Net Proceeds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account shall in such case be applied towards redemption of the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer and any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer. The redemption of the Bonds shall (i) be executed on the first Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) and (ii) be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent, where such notice shall state the relevant Interest Payment Date on which the redemption shall be made, the redemption amount and the relevant Record Date.
