(d) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
Any matter not covered by Clause 16.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to Clause 19.1 (a), (b) or (c)), a termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the Guarantee in whole or in part.
If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure, will prevail. The chairman at a Holders' Meeting shall be appointed by the Holders in accordance with Clause 16.6.
Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least twenty (20.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount;
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 16.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
