In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means (i) until conversion to IFRS, the generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden and (ii) following conversion, international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent, regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Ambolt Amendments" means the contemplated amendments to the Ambolt Loan Agreement whereby such loan agreement is amended so that inter alia paragraph (a) of Clause 16.6 (Dividends) of the loan agreement is excluded in its entirety or amended so that there are no restrictions on value transfers (Sw. värdeöverföringar) (including profit/dividends) from Jefast USA AB to Jefast AB.
"Ambolt Downstream Loans" means the downstream loans in an aggregate amount of SEK 49,005,376 already made or to be made by Jefast USA AB to Jefast Hotel LLC in accordance with the Ambolt Loan Agreement.
