24.2 24.3 24.4 25. 25.1
Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Trustee shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Conditions 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (Call option)), 9.4 (Early redemption due to illegality), 9.5 (Repurchase with Excess Proceeds), 10.1.2, 12.4, 14.15, 15.1, 16.1 and 17.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
In addition to Condition 23.2.1, if any information relating to the Notes or the Issuer contained in a notice the Trustee may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Trustee or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
