"Credit Facility" means, a debt facility, arrangement, instrument, trust deed, note purchase agreement, indenture, purchase money financing, commercial paper facility or overdraft facility with banks or other institutions or investors providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables to such institutions or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such institutions against such receivables), letters of credit or other Financial Indebtedness, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced, restructured, refinanced, repaid, increased or extended, in whole or in part from time to time, and in each case, including all agreements, instruments and documents executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with the foregoing (including, but not limited to, any notes and letters of credit issued pursuant thereto and any guarantee and collateral agreement, patent and trademark security agreement, mortgages or letter of credit applications and other guarantees, pledges, agreements, security agreements and collateral documents). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term "Credit Facility" shall include any agreement or instrument (i) changing the maturity of any Financial Indebtedness incurred thereunder or contemplated thereby, (ii) adding Subsidiaries of the Issuer as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder, (iii) increasing the amount of Financial Indebtedness incurred thereunder or available to be borrowed thereunder or (iv) otherwise altering the terms and conditions thereof.
8
"Cross Payment Default" means any event of default (howsoever described) arising from a failure by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries to pay any Financial Indebtedness when due or within any originally applicable grace period.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Notes from time to time.
"Default" means an Event of Default or any event or circumstance specified in Condition 12.1 which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Condition 12.1.
"Excess Proceeds" has the meaning set forth in Condition 11.5.3.
"Excess Proceeds Offer" has the meaning set forth in Condition 9.5.1.
