The Notes are denominated in SEK and each Note is constituted by the Trust Deed and these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and subject to the terms of the Trust Deed and the satisfaction of the conditions set out in Condition 4.1, the Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, issue Additional Notes having the same interest rate and ranking pari passu in all respects and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Initial Notes and any other Additional Notes. The issue price of the Additional Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Initial Notes. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes is not limited. Each Additional Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Condition 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.
25
3.
USE OF PROCEEDS
