9.5.7 9.6 9.6.1 9.6.2 9.6.3
Notes tendered by such Noteholder and accepted by the Issuer for purchase. Any purchase pursuant to this Condition 9.5 shall not be subject to conditions precedent.
To the extent that the amount of Notes and any such Pari Passu Financial Indebtedness purchased pursuant to this Condition 9.5 is less than the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds, the Issuer may use the amount of such Excess Proceeds not used to purchase Notes and such Pari Passu Financial Indebtedness for purposes that are not otherwise prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. Upon completion of each redemption, the amount of Excess Proceeds will be reset to zero.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Triggering Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event or a Listing Failure Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Triggering Event or Listing Failure Event, as applicable, pursuant to Condition 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Triggering Event or Listing Failure Event, as applicable.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Condition 10.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 10.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Condition 9.6.1.
If Noteholders representing more than 75 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Condition 9.6, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Condition 9.6.1, send a notice to the remaining Noteholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 9.6.3. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Condition 9.6.3.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Condition 9.6, the Issuer shall
31
