· standards and norms that aim at improving the energy efficiency of products and services, including buildings and vehicles, except where these are mandatory and applicable in Member States under EU law;
· training and education, including energy advisory programs that lead to the application of energy efficient technology or techniques and have the effect of reducing end-use energy consumption.
Because demand for our insulation materials (and panels containing such materials), which are more energy efficient than many competing types of insulation, is currently supported, or is expected to be supported by, actions taken by governments pursuant to the EED in many of the countries in which we operate, any changes to the EED or associated programs that reduce the requirements imposed thereby, or the level of government support or subsidies for energy-efficient insulation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Regulations regarding carbon dioxide emissions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We operate a total of nine production plants in addition to other industrial facilities. Our operations result in the release of substantial quantities of carbon dioxide, particularly through the combustion of coke in our manufacturing process. The emission of carbon dioxide is subject to a constantly developing body of laws and regulatory requirements addressing the challenges of global climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions, promoting higher efficiency in the use of energy from conventional sources and increasing the use of energy from renewable sources. In the European Union, regulations attempt to both reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to establish a mechanism for trading in carbon dioxide emission allowances under the EU Emissions Trading System (``EU ETS"). The trading period of the EU ETS commenced in 2013, and the quantity of emission allowances allocated each year in the European Union was reduced by a linear factor of 1.74% annually as compared to the average annual total quantity of emission allowances issued in previous years. In addition, since January 2013, a full auctioning of emission allowances has been gradually introduced for the manufacturing sector by reducing the allocation of emission allowances free of charge from 80% in 2013 to 30% in 2020 and to 0% in 2027.
As a result, we will need to purchase a significant, and steadily increasing, share of emission allowances in auctions in the future, which will result in substantial additional cost, depending on certain factors. In particular, certain energy-intensive industries which are exposed to a significant risk of relocation to countries with less stringent climate protection laws, a phenomenon known as ``carbon leakage,'' will receive free allowances corresponding to their sector specific ``benchmark value'' of emissions levels. If granted free emissions allowances because of a ``carbon leakage'' classification, an installation is not subject to the aforementioned reduction of free allowance allocations from 80% to 30% between 2013 and
43
2020, but instead receives free allowances determined in accordance with the benchmark value applicable to the relevant sector. Although all of our manufacturing plants other than the Tver facility, the Panel System facility at Parainen and the Skovde facility are subject to the EU ETS, each of these sites benefit from the current carbon leakage exemption granted in 2012 for the years 2013-2014 pursuant to Commission Decision 2012/498/EU (amending Commission Decision 2010/2/EU and Commission Decision 2011/278/EU), and have therefore initially been allocated emission allowances free of charge corresponding to the mineral wool sector benchmark value and the average historical annual level of production performed in the relevant installation, calculated for the higher of the periods between 2005 and 2008, and 2009 and 2010. The European Commission will determine every five years which industries are threatened by carbon leakage. Thus, there is no certainty that the stone wool industry will again be considered as being threatened by carbon leakage. Although the mineral wool sector has again been specified as a sector deemed to be exposed to a significant risk of carbon leakage in the draft European Commission decision published on May 5, 2014 regarding the 2015-2019 carbon leakage list, there is no guarantee that the sector will be included in the list ultimately adopted by the European Commission following scrutiny by the EU Climate Change Committee, the European Parliament and the Council. If the European Commission concludes that no such threat of carbon leakage exists in 2014 or at the time of any later determination, the regular emissions reduction scheme would also apply to our manufacturing plants and we would be required to purchase emission allowances in the amount required for our production purposes. Even assuming that carbon leakage status is maintained by the stone wool industry, we estimate that we will have an average annual shortfall of approximately 29% in emissions allowances across the whole Paroc Group during Phase III (2013 to 2020) and this shortfall will be greater if carbon leakage status is not maintained). In addition, new production capacity may not be eligible for carbon leakage status, unless the operations meet the required criteria for new entrants. We expect the future cost of purchasing necessary additional emissions allowances to be material, although we do not have an estimate at this time given that the emissions allowance market is an open market with fluctuating prices. See ``Regulation--Finland-- Climate Change Law--Emission Trading Law in the European Union," "--Sweden-- Emission Trading Law in the European Union, " "--Lithuania--Emission Trading Law in the European Union" and ``--Poland--Emission Trading Law in the European Union." Compliance with existing, new or proposed regulations governing such emissions might lead to a need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, to purchase rights to emit carbon dioxide from third parties, or to make other changes to our business, all of which could result in significant additional cost or could reduce demand for our products. In addition, we require large quantities of energy in various forms for our production processes. Existing, new and proposed regulations relating to the emission of carbon dioxide by our energy suppliers could result in materially increased energy cost for our operations and we may be unable to pass on these increased energy cost to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See "--Increased energy cost or disruptions in energy supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations."
We have no control over the security and operational processes of the national registriesfor emissions allowances within Europe.
