We are subject to certain restrictions and reclamation and recultivation obligations resultingfrom our Finnish law mining rights, as well as to Finnish environmental regulations, which could adversely affect our ability to expand our business, our financial condition, our results operations and cash flows.
It is possible that the relevant authorities might demand reserves or security in the future, in response to increases in expected reclamation costs. The relevant legislator may also tighten the requirements to obtain quarrying rights or the terms and conditions under which quarrying rights are granted. In the event of a material adverse change in our financial condition, or in response to an economic downturn or volatility in the financial markets, financial assurance providers may have the right and could decide not to issue or renew the financial assurances, to demand additional collateral upon renewal, or to require us to obtain a discharge of the financial assurance provider's liability under the financial assurances or to provide cash or letters of credit equal to 100% of the amount of the outstanding financial assurances. A failure to maintain or renew, or our inability to acquire or provide a suitable alternative for, any such financial assurances and any exercise of rights the financial assurance providers have to require us to discharge the related liability
45
or to provide additional collateral would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
As of December 31, 2013, we had a 7.3 million non-cash environmental provision for restoration and decommissioning booked as a liability included in the consolidated Paroc Group balance sheet pursuant to IFRS, and no cash reserves. These environmental provisions relate to costs from future closure of quarries related to landscaping, security arrangements and stacking area lining work and future closure of dumpsites related to landscaping, as well as the 6.9 million provision for the demolition costs relating to the closure of the Lappeenranta facility. The provisions for dumpsites are estimated to be used between 2014 and 2019. The provisions for quarries are estimated to be used between 2020 and 2096. Changes to the assumptions used to estimate the present value of the provisions, such as the applicable discount rate, the inflation rate and the estimated future cash costs related to reclamation, can have a substantial impact on such provisions, and can also have an impact on financial results for the Paroc Group.
If the necessary scope for restoration and remediation activities increases, or if we have underestimated the costs of such restoration and remediation, we may be required to create higher provisions or spend greater amounts than anticipated. For example, reclamation costs could further increase if, after draining the quarries, groundwater levels exceed pre-quarrying levels and cause flooding, including damage to buildings and infrastructure, as the quarrying operator is, in principle, held responsible for such damage. In addition, we may be liable for damages caused by our activities or associated with our quarrying activities on properties owned by third parties. Furthermore, anticipated costs may be affected by possible third party claims resulting from damage caused by our operations. In either case, we could be required to make significant payments in the future, adversely impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any requirement to increase our provisions could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We may need to write down goodwill and brands, which would adversely affect our financial results.
As of December 31, 2013, 39.4% of our total group assets were intangible assets, with 26.2% and 3.2% of our total group assets corresponding to goodwill and brands with indefinite useful lives, respectively. Goodwill arising from an acquisition represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent liabilities recognized. Goodwill is recognized at cost and is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is not amortized but tested for impairment annually whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a cash generating unit may not be recoverable. Preparation of these calculations requires the use of estimates and assumptions. The key assumptions used in cash flow projections are based on management estimates and estimates made by certain third parties. The most significant key assumption affecting the projections is the development of residential construction business, as well as the development of commercial building construction business which has an effect on our panels segment. For our insulation segment, an increase in discount rate of 0.5 percentage points or any other reduction in gross margin of 1.2 percentage points, of the estimated gross margins would cause the cash generating units' recoverable amount to be equal to its carrying amount. According to our estimates, in other cash generating units, any reasonably possible change in a key variable would not create a scenario in which the unit's carrying value would exceed its value in use.
In determining that the Paroc brand has an indefinite useful life, we have considered various factors such as the past and expected longevity of the brand, the impact of possible changes in technologies and the impact of possible evolutions of the regulatory environment. Based on the analysis of these factors, we have determined and confirmed at December 31, 2013 that there is no foreseeable limit to the period of time over which the Paroc brand is expected to generate cash inflows for the Group. Paroc brand is not amortized but tested for impairment annually.
