Interest rate risks exist as a result of potential changes in the market interest rate and might lead to a change in fair value in the case of fixed interest-bearing financial instruments, and to fluctuations in interest payments in the case of variable interest-bearing financial instruments. Our interest risks arise primarily from short-term deposits and draw-downs on cash loan facilities. As of December 31, 2013, after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, approximately 230 million of our third-party indebtedness would have had a floating interest rate. With regard to variable interest-bearing financial instruments, changes in market rates have an impact on our interest expense. We may decide to put hedging in place for our New Revolving Credit Facility, our Floating Rate Notes or any other variable rate debt obligations we may have outstanding from time to time in the future. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Interest rate risk. ''
Other than the euro and the Lithuanian litas (which is pegged to the euro), the principal currencies we transact in are the Swedish krona, the Danish krone, the Norwegian krone, the Polish zloty, the Russian rouble and the British pound. Currency exchange rate risks exist in connection with inter-company transactions between Group companies with different functional currencies. Exchange rate risks related to such inter-company transactions are managed by intragroup sales to subsidiaries domiciled in jurisdictions that are not part of the European Monetary Union being denominated in their own functional currencies, such that currency risk is concentrated at the producing entities. We do not hedge our net investments in our subsidiaries. We attempt to absorb short- and medium-term exchange rate fluctuations through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts. Specifically, we forecast our cash flows by currency on a rolling six-month basis and hedge between 60% and 80% of those estimated cash flows, calculated on a Group basis. We also require our subsidiaries to follow standardized group procedures and guidelines regarding the management of exchange rate risk. As of December 31, 2013, for such purposes we had outstanding currency forward agreements amounting in total to 33.4 million. However, these hedging transactions may prove to be insufficient. In the context of such transactions, we are also exposed to the risk of the insolvency of the relevant hedge counterparty.
Currency exchange risks also exist in connection with inter-company loans between Group companies with different functional currencies. For example, as a result of a restructuring of the Group that occurred in 2009, there is currently an outstanding SEK-denominated intercompany loan from Paroc Group Oy (the functional currency of which is the euro) to Paroc Sverige AB (the functional currency of which is the Swedish krona) which, as of December 31, 2013, had a book value of 225.8 million. Due to movements in the euro-krona exchange rate since that loan was established in 2009, as at December 31, 2013, Paroc Group Oy has an unrealized gain in the amount of 20 million in respect of that loan. In connection with the Transactions, we may repay this intercompany loan and replace it with a new SEK-denominated intercompany loan from Paroc Group Oy to Paroc Sverige AB, which may be in an amount that is greater than the amount of the existing loan. When this loan is repaid (whether in connection with the Transactions or otherwise), any foreign exchange gain would become taxable at the applicable taxation rate in Finland, which is currently 20%. To the extent we replace this intercompany loan in the future, we will
47
be exposed to similar risks of incurring taxable foreign exchange gains upon repayment such replacement loans.
We may also be exposed to currency exchange rate risks if we commit to making substantial future expenditures denominated in a currency other than one of our principal transacting currencies, or in an amount of one of our transacting currencies that is significantly greater than the amounts of that currency that we generally deal in. We generally manage these risks through hedging transactions entered into by the relevant Group company. For example, during the construction phase of our new Tver manufacturing facility, we hedged our significant Russian rouble exposures arising from the capital expenditure commitments involved in that project through currency forward purchase agreements covering our entire expected Russian rouble exposure for that project.
It is impossible to hedge completely against exchange rate fluctuations. The business activities of our foreign competitors could be favored by exchange rate advantages, meaning that we may lose customers and suffer a decline in sales. As the foreign exchange markets are characterized by high volatility, exchange rate fluctuations could in the future have a material adverse effect on our net assets, financial position and results of operations. Should we be unable to structure our earnings capacity more independently of exchange rate fluctuations, this could have negative effects on our sales and results of operations.
We have obligations to our employees relating to retirement and other obligations, the calculations of which are based on a number of assumptions, including discount rates and life expectancies, which may differfrom actual rates in the future.
We operate an unfunded defined-benefit pension scheme for beneficiaries under an arrangement that has been established in Sweden.
