We have obligations to our employees relating to retirement and other obligations, the calculations of which are based on a number of assumptions, including discount rates and life expectancies, which may differfrom actual rates in the future.
Our exposures under the Finnish defined contribution scheme, which mandatorily applies to all employees in Finland, are insured insofar as sponsors retain no risk in respect of past service benefits once they pay contributions at the rates set by the Finnish Ministry of Social Affairs and Health. Contribution rates for this scheme are set centrally by the Finnish Ministry of Social Affairs and Health, there is a risk that contribution rates may be increased in the future so as to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Our exposures under the Swedish defined contribution scheme are fully insured as to benefits that accrued after March 31, 1994 pursuant to arrangements under which we pay regular premiums according to pension schemes agreed in the Swedish collective bargaining agreements. However, we have unfunded exposures under the PRI plan as to certain benefits accrued up to and including March 31, 1994. The PRI solution enables the company to retain the pension capital within the company, with the company making an annual provision in its balance sheet corresponding to the value of the accrued pension debt. The PRI plan is not funded by way of paying recurring pension premiums, but instead is handled in accordance with the obligations under the PRI arrangement, which require the payment of the pension as and when it falls due (i.e., as an employee covered under the PRI plan retires). Around 130 current employees have benefits that accrued prior to April 1994, with a further 210 pensioners currently in receipt of benefits that accrued prior to April 1994. As of December 31, 2013, we had total unfunded pension obligations under the Swedish PRI plan of 10.1 million. We are also required by law to obtain credit insurance from PRI Pensionsgaranti in respect of these defined benefits obligations, and PRI Pensionsgaranti also has the power to require us to provide additional security towards these benefits, or even obtain insurance in respect of the benefits. We have provided PRI Pensionsgaranti with a letter of credit in the amount of SEK 35 million in respect of our unfunded pension obligations (the "Pensions L/C"), as well as a parent company guarantee (from the Issuer) covering amounts in excess thereof. It is possible that, in the event of any material change in our capital structure or ownership, PRI Pensionsgaranti may require us to provide similar or additional security or credit support, or obtain pension insurance, at significant expense to us.
The remainder of the pension schemes we operate or are required to contribute to are defined contribution schemes. In some countries, including Russia, we are subject to mandatory pension and other social contributions and we cannot exclude the possibility that the welfare policies in such countries and the growing number of the beneficiaries under the pension legislation would lead to the increase of the amount of contributions that may adversely negatively influence our business and financial results.
Our defined benefit obligations are based on certain actuarial assumptions that can vary by defined benefit plan, including discount rates and life expectancies and rates of increase in future compensation levels. If actual results, especially discount rates or life expectancies were to differ from our assumptions, our
48
pension obligations could be higher than expected and we could incur actuarial re-measurements. Changes in all assumptions or under performance of plan assets could also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 actuarial gains and losses were charged or credited to equity through other comprehensive income. In the beginning of January 1, 2013 we have applied the revised International Accounting Standard (``IAS 19"). Revised IAS 19 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements in 2013. Under IAS 19 (revised), the approach to assess interest cost and expected return on plan assets is replaced by compulsory application of a uniform, market-based discount rate to both the defined benefit liability and any corresponding plan asset (net interest approach). Future declines in the value of plan assets or lower-than-expected returns may require us to make additional current cash payments to pension plans. However, our current defined benefit schemes do not include plan assets as defined by IAS 19. Significantly increased contribution obligations could have adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, local funding rules might require additional contributions to avoid underfunding. The defined benefit plan in Sweden is operated by Alecta, which is not able to split the plan assets by company. Consequently, the plan operated by Alecta has been accounted for as a defined contribution plan. Top management located in Finland and Sweden has individual voluntary pension plans. These plans entitle a pension at the age of 62. The plans were changed in 2010 so that they are classified as defined contribution plans.
As part of the Finnish statutory defined contribution pension plan, there has been a system of registered supplementary pensions that was created to supplement the statutory pension scheme. The registered supplementary pension system was closed to new insured in 2001, but approximately 90 of our employees are still covered by this scheme. However, due to legislative changes, such schemes will have to be discontinued by the year 2016. We may, therefore, be obligated to agree on a new pension arrangement with the employees who have not yet retired but are within the scheme by, for example, taking out a group life insurance for the employee. Upon the occurrence of certain conditions the employer may pay a lump-sum payment. Depending on the arrangements chosen, such a change may cause additional costs to us in the form of several lump-sum payments or increased insurance costs.
In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, pension payments amounted to 8.5 million, 9.9 million and 10.5 million, respectively, of which payments in respect of our unfunded and uninsured defined benefit obligations comprised 0.4 million (plus additional expenses incurred in connection with the Pensions L/C) in each year.
