As part of the Finnish statutory defined contribution pension plan, there has been a system of registered supplementary pensions that was created to supplement the statutory pension scheme. The registered supplementary pension system was closed to new insured in 2001, but approximately 90 of our employees are still covered by this scheme. However, due to legislative changes, such schemes will have to be discontinued by the year 2016. We may, therefore, be obligated to agree on a new pension arrangement with the employees who have not yet retired but are within the scheme by, for example, taking out a group life insurance for the employee. Upon the occurrence of certain conditions the employer may pay a lump-sum payment. Depending on the arrangements chosen, such a change may cause additional costs to us in the form of several lump-sum payments or increased insurance costs.
We are dependent on qualified personnel in key positions and employees having special technical knowledge.
Qualified and motivated personnel is one of the key factors for the further development of our business, in particular our further technological development and geographic expansion. There is a risk that we may not be able to attract key personnel, or employ foreign citizens in certain markets (such as Russia, where we have in the past had difficulty getting approval to employ foreign citizens), to fill vacancies or that we fail to retain key employees. Personnel shortages and the loss of key employees could negatively influence our further business development. In addition, there are risks related to our dependence on individual persons in key positions, particularly at the level of the managing board as well as in the areas of development, distribution, service, production, finance and marketing. The loss of management personnel or employees in key positions would lead to a loss of know-how, or under certain circumstances, to the passing on of this know-how to our competitors. If one or more of these risks materialize, this could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business may be affected by the default of counterparties in respect of money owed to us.
In the ordinary course of our business, we are often owed significant amounts of money by numerous counterparties, including customers. We manage customer credit risk for trade receivables through insuring sales in all significant countries. All sales above 5,000 are covered with a deductible of 10%. We apply internal credit policies and regularly analyze the status of trade receivables. In addition, we often hold significant cash balances on deposit with financial institutions or invested on a short-term basis. These contractual arrangements, deposits and other financial instruments give rise to credit risk on amounts due from such counterparties. The Group's treasury monitors counterparty credit ratings, however, credit risks arising from transactions with financial counterparties in particular can escalate rapidly and a high credit rating is no guarantee that an entity will not experience a rapid deterioration of its financial position. During the financial crisis and the economic downturn, we were increasingly exposed to the default of counterparties, including financial institutions and customers with bad debts. If the economic conditions do not improve or continue to worsen, this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
49
We depend on efficient and uninterrupted operations of our information and communication technology.
The operation of our production facilities as well as our sales and service activities depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex and sophisticated computer, telecommunication and data processing systems. Computer and data processing systems and related infrastructure (data center, hardware and wide and local area networks) are generally exposed to the risk of human errors, disturbances, contractual discontinuity, damage, electricity failures, computer viruses, fire, other disasters, hacker attacks and similar events. Disruptions to operations or interruptions in operations involving the systems may occur in the future and minor interruptions have occurred in individual cases in the past. Although administration and production networks are separated, an interruption in the operations of computer or data processing systems could adversely affect our ability to efficiently maintain our production processes and to ensure adequate controls. Disruptions to or interruptions in operations could lead to production downtime which, in turn, could result in lost sales. Information and communication technology-related risks are particularly relevant since, even though our business critical applications have been consolidated, our information technology landscape is partly decentralized for non-business critical applications. The different platforms used throughout the group for key processes may lead to inefficiencies, such as problems with interoperability, malfunctions and higher cost, as well as to difficulties in the administration of the scope and contents of the required licenses and related support services acquired from third-party service providers that may render the company vulnerable to risks associated with contract discontinuity. Further, we are dependent on the expertise of third-party contractors and service providers operating certain key information technology systems, which may increase the risk of service interruptions. Our standard group wide information technology systems may be disturbed, damaged or disrupted. If one or more of these risks materializes, this could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our risk management and internal controls may not prevent or detect violations of law.
