The operation of our production facilities as well as our sales and service activities depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex and sophisticated computer, telecommunication and data processing systems. Computer and data processing systems and related infrastructure (data center, hardware and wide and local area networks) are generally exposed to the risk of human errors, disturbances, contractual discontinuity, damage, electricity failures, computer viruses, fire, other disasters, hacker attacks and similar events. Disruptions to operations or interruptions in operations involving the systems may occur in the future and minor interruptions have occurred in individual cases in the past. Although administration and production networks are separated, an interruption in the operations of computer or data processing systems could adversely affect our ability to efficiently maintain our production processes and to ensure adequate controls. Disruptions to or interruptions in operations could lead to production downtime which, in turn, could result in lost sales. Information and communication technology-related risks are particularly relevant since, even though our business critical applications have been consolidated, our information technology landscape is partly decentralized for non-business critical applications. The different platforms used throughout the group for key processes may lead to inefficiencies, such as problems with interoperability, malfunctions and higher cost, as well as to difficulties in the administration of the scope and contents of the required licenses and related support services acquired from third-party service providers that may render the company vulnerable to risks associated with contract discontinuity. Further, we are dependent on the expertise of third-party contractors and service providers operating certain key information technology systems, which may increase the risk of service interruptions. Our standard group wide information technology systems may be disturbed, damaged or disrupted. If one or more of these risks materializes, this could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our existing compliance processes and controls may not be sufficient in order to prevent or detect inadequate practices, fraud and violations of law by our contractors and customers, intermediaries, sales agents and employees. These risks may increase as we expand into new markets, especially Russia. In certain business transactions, we cooperate with intermediaries or sales agents whose activities we are not able to control, especially in connection with promoting business in certain countries and in connection with mergers and acquisitions. We pay the intermediaries customary commissions. We also cooperate with consultants in relation to the expansion of our business activities, such as in certain eastern European markets, for example, Russia.
In the case that any contractors, customers, intermediaries, consultants, sales agents or employees with whom we cooperate receive or grant inappropriate benefits or generally use corrupt, fraudulent or other unfair business practices, including sham tax schemes, we could be confronted with associated financial losses, legal sanctions, penalties and loss of orders and harm to our reputation. For example, we are currently involved in litigation relating to alleged embezzlement in 2011 and 2012 by a former employee of our Latvian subsidiary of goods with a total value of approximately LVL 104,000 from us using a system of fake invoicing, which we allege also resulted in additional VAT liabilities totaling approximately LVL 22,000 in respect of the allegedly misappropriated goods. Both criminal and civil proceedings in relation to these allegations are currently ongoing. However, we may not be able to recover the full amount of the losses we allege that we have sustained in connection with these matters, and may incur substantial legal costs in attempting to do so. We conducted thorough internal investigations in relation to these incidents and introduced consequential amendments to our internal systems and controls. Nonetheless, given our global alignment, complex group structure, size and the extent of our cooperation with intermediaries, consultants and sales agents, our internal controls and procedures, policies and our risk management may not be adequate, which may result in similar occurrences in the future having a material negative impact on our reputation, business activities, financial position and results of operations.
Our international sales are subject to variousjurisdictions'economic sanctions, export control and anti-corruption laws and regulations, which increases the risk that we may become subject to significantpenaltiesfor violating such laws.
We operate on a global basis and are subject to laws of the EU and other jurisdictions regulating the export of our products to certain countries. For instance, Belarus is subject to sanctions under the laws of the U.S., the EU, and other jurisdictions. For the year ended December 31, 2013, 12.1 million of revenues (3%, of our total sales) came from Belarus, which we conduct through a representation office in Belarus.
50
We have additionally agreed to sell products to a customer in Iraq on a project-specific basis, and could sell other products to customers in sanctioned countries in the future on a project-specific basis. We do not believe that any of our exports or customers are designated or targeted by U.S. or EU sanctions. Nevertheless, due to political instability in Ukraine it is possible that further sanctions will be imposed on Russia that may effect on our operations. See ``-- We operate in emerging markets such as Russia, which exposes us to risks inherent to such less developed markets, and we may be exposed to greater risks as we intend to increase our operations in such markets " We have implemented certain policies and procedures to address compliance with sanctions, export controls and anti-corruption laws and regulations, including limited training to educate our employees about these topics, but we do not currently maintain formal group-wide written policies or training detailing how to comply with such laws. Although we are committed to conducting our operations in accordance with applicable laws and will continue to implement our current policies and procedures, the absence of formal policies and training detailing specific compliance procedures may make it more difficult to control and monitor full compliance of our activities in countries subject to U.S., EU or other sanctions with applicable anti-corruption laws. We are in the process of planning formal group-wide policies and procedures, including formal employee training, to ensure continued compliance with sanctions, export controls and anti-corruption laws and regulations and expect these formal compliance procedures to be implemented group-wide by the end of 2014. Failure to comply with these laws could expose us to civil and criminal prosecution and penalties, the imposition of export or economic sanctions against the Group, and reputational damage, all of which could materially and adversely affect the Group's financial results.
We also conduct business in countries where there is governmental and private corruption. We are committed to doing business in accordance with all applicable laws, but there is a risk that we or our respective officers, directors, employees or agents may act in violation of our codes and applicable laws. Any such violations could result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and might materially adversely affect our business and results of operations or financial condition.
If the European Monetary Union ceases to exist or one or more countries leave the European Monetary Union, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
