We also conduct business in countries where there is governmental and private corruption. We are committed to doing business in accordance with all applicable laws, but there is a risk that we or our respective officers, directors, employees or agents may act in violation of our codes and applicable laws. Any such violations could result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and might materially adversely affect our business and results of operations or financial condition.
Recent economic events affecting the European economies, including the sovereign debt and other economic crises in Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia and Spain, have raised a number of questions regarding the overall stability of the European Monetary Union. Despite measures taken by countries in the European Monetary Union and the European Central Bank to alleviate credit risk, concerns persist with respect to the ability of certain European Monetary Union countries to meet future financial obligations, the overall stability of the euro and the suitability of the euro as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances in individual euro member states. The economic outlook is adversely affected by the risk that one or more European Monetary Union countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the European Monetary Union, that the euro could cease to be the single currency of the European Monetary Union, or that certain post-Soviet states, with weaker economic fundamentals, could become part of the European Monetary Union. The legal and contractual consequences of such a development for the business of the Group and for holders of the Notes would be determined by applicable laws in effect at such time. Any of these developments, or a perception that any of these developments may be likely to occur, could have a material adverse effect on the economic development of the affected countries or lead to economic recession or depression that could jeopardize the stability of financial markets or the overall financial and monetary system. This, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may incur material cost as a result ofwarranty, product liability orpersonal injury claims which could adversely affect our profitability.
Our products are subject to express and implied warranties and we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims, including class action claims, in the event that the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In the event that any of our products is defective or proves to be defective, among other things, we may be responsible for damages related to any defective products, including damages for indirect or consequential losses, and we may be required to recall or redesign such products. Because of the long useful life of our products, it is possible that latent defects might not appear for several years. Similarly, although Finnish Emission Classification of Building Materials tests on our insulation products for volatile organic compounds emissions currently categorize them as low-emitting building materials, it is possible that this categorization may be revised in the future.
51
Any such revisions may expose us to material claims, interruptions to our business and research and development expenditures that may consequentially be required in order to modify our products. We therefore may not be successful in maintaining or reducing the historical level of warranty claims and claims in connection with the supply of our products may increase significantly. Additionally, defects in our products may result in product recalls, adverse customer reactions and negative publicity about us or our products. Product failures, in particular of insulation materials or panels produced by us or our predecessors or acquired businesses or facilities, could result in substantial harm to people or property. We hold insurance for product liability risks, and in many instances have contractual arrangements to limit or exclude our liability or hold us harmless against such claims (though such arrangements may not in the past have always been effectively included in our supply agreements). However, such insurance and contractual arrangements may not adequately cover any such matter, insurance coverage may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, the insurance carrier or the contractual partner may not have sufficient funds to cover all claims, if any, or such contractual arrangements may not be valid or enforceable or may not cover our activities in certain jurisdictions. Defects may also require expensive modifications to our products and may adversely affect our reputation. If any of these events occur, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, even if we are not legally liable for particular claims.
A small number of the current and former employees of the Finnish Group companies and their predecessor entities, including five of our current employees, have probably worked in the past under circumstances that exposed them to asbestos-containing materials associated with certain activities conducted by previous owners of some of our plants. In accordance with the Finnish employment legislation, employees' existing rights and obligations automatically transfer to the new employer upon a transfer of business, and have thus transferred to us in connection with our purchase of these assets in 1998. An employee who has been injured or has a medical condition due to exposure may claim damages for the amount of lost salary and other damages that are not covered by the Statutory Worker's Compensation Insurance. The magnitude of potential damage is, however, limited by the principle of the prohibition of enrichment, which is a fundamental principle of Finnish tort law. Compensation is as a rule only issued for proven losses (i.e. punitive damages are not awarded). Although no such claims for compensation by our employees, insurers or other parties have been presented to us, if claims for compensation or otherwise relating to past activities are made against us in the future, it could have a significant and adverse effect on our reputation and business and financial condition. See "Regulation-- Finland--Asbestos Containing Material (ACM)."
Prior to Paroc ownership, there was an asbestos-cement sheet production plant at our Trzemeszno site in Poland, which was established in 1968 and shut down in 1998 when the former parent company of Paroc (Partek, a Finnish industrial conglomerate) acquired the stone wool production departments (the other departments were acquired by third parties). Although we understand that all asbestos materials were removed before Partek purchased the site, it is possible that we could incur material expenses in cleaning-up any residual impacts that are identified, or as result of any liability claims that are brought against us, in the future.
Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the risks we mayface and if we were no longer covered by our existing insurance, it may be difficult to obtain replacement insurance on acceptable terms or at all.
