We are also currently involved in a material dispute arising from our operations in Poland. In 2011, a local authority sought to impose real property taxes for 2009 to 2011 in respect of an investment project at our Trzemeszno production facility in an amount totaling approximately PLN2.2 million more than the amounts declared and paid by us for such taxes. To date we have been unsuccessful in disputing the imposition of these additional taxes in appeals to the Self-Government Appeal Court and Regional Administrative Court in Poznan. We are currently awaiting the outcome of a further appeal to the Supreme Administrative Court. While we await the outcome of our appeal, we have paid this additional tax amount, and have booked a tax receivable for which 100% of the provision is booked.
Our business is subject to applicable competition and antitrust laws, rules and regulations. In general, these laws are designed to preserve free and open competition in the marketplace in order to enhance competitiveness and economic efficiency. While we believe we are generally in compliance with all applicable competition and antitrust laws, rules and regulations we may become subject to investigations and proceedings by national and supranational competition and antitrust authorities for alleged infringements of competition or antitrust laws. This may result in fines or other forms of liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. From 2009 to 2012, there was an investigation by the Finnish Competition Authority on the competition in the Finnish insulation industry. Although this investigation was not related to Paroc specifically, and was closed, the Finnish Competition Authority did indicate that it will continue to monitor
53
the competitive situation in the industry, leaving open the possibility that a new investigation could be opened in the future. Our market shares in certain business segments are relatively high and it is thus possible that competition authorities may find us to hold a dominant market position in one or several relevant markets. If such a finding is made, there is a risk that certain of our sales and distribution policies and agreements could come under competition scrutiny in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, exposing us to the possibility of substantial fines and other restraints on our operations. It is also possible that certain of our procurement arrangements with our suppliers may be subject to competition scrutiny. In the past we have also entered into licensing agreements, some of which remain outstanding, with regard to our intellectual property, and as some of these licensing agreements are with competitors, they could potential be the subject of competition scrutiny. Depending on the particular facts and circumstances, we could become subject to certain limitations on future acquisitions and certain business practices if we were found to have obtained a dominant position in certain markets.
The adoption of new or revised International Financial Reporting Standards may have material effects on our future consolidated financial statements.
The International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") comprise IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"), the International Accounting Standards ("IAS") as well as the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (``IFRIC") and the Standing Interpretations Committee ("SIC"). Our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum comply with the IFRS as adopted by the European Union as of the date of such financial statements. The IASB has published or may in the future publish new or amended standards and interpretations, which are not yet effective and have not yet been adopted by the Group in its financial statements. See "Note 2--Summary of significant accounting policies--Standards, amendments and interpretations to existing standards that are not yet effective" to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum for more information on new or amended standards and interpretations that have been published by the IASB. The Group will adopt each standard and interpretation from their effective date, or if the effective date is different from the first date of the reporting period, from the start of the next reporting period following the effective date as endorsed by the European Union. The amendments to the standards and interpretations mentioned in "Note 2--Summary of significant accounting policies--Standards, amendments and interpretations to existing standards that are not yet effective" to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum are estimated to primarily impact the presentation in our financial disclosures.
Pending andfuture tax audits within our Group and changes in fiscal regulations or the interpretations thereof could lead to additional tax liabilities.
We operate in many countries, most of which have complex tax regimes. Our corporate structure requires a variety of intercompany services and supplies. Due to the nature of our operations and our significant reorganizations in recent years, our tax affairs and those of our subsidiaries are complex. Significant judgment is required in determining provisions for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Management judgment is required for the calculation of the provision for income taxes. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current recorded and unrecorded tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.
The Group and its constituent entities are subject to routine tax audits by the respective local tax authorities. Paroc Oy Ab is currently subject to disputes with the Finnish tax authorities arising from tax audits regarding transfer pricing in financial years 2006 through 2008, and the deductibility of write-downs of intercompany loans in the 2011 financial year. See "-- We are subject to risks from legal proceedings." As the associated litigation has not yet been finalized, we cannot exclude that actual tax payment obligations may exceed the amount reflected in our financial statements. Paroc AB was the subject of a general tax audit opened by the Swedish taxation authorities in July 2013. While we have received formal notification that we are not required to pay additional tax and penalties in excess of the amount reflected in our financial statements, we cannot exclude the possibility of further tax audits in the future. Future tax audits in Finland or other jurisdictions may result in additional tax and interest payments which would negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
