We operate in many countries, most of which have complex tax regimes. Our corporate structure requires a variety of intercompany services and supplies. Due to the nature of our operations and our significant reorganizations in recent years, our tax affairs and those of our subsidiaries are complex. Significant judgment is required in determining provisions for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Management judgment is required for the calculation of the provision for income taxes. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current recorded and unrecorded tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.
Changes in fiscal regulations or the interpretation of tax laws, including regarding transfer pricing, by the courts or the tax authorities in Finland or foreign jurisdictions in which we are conducting our business may also have adverse consequences for us. For example, the Group recently completed a reorganization
54
of the holding structure for the intellectual property previously held by its Finnish entity, Paroc Oy Ab, which will have the effect of transferring all such intellectual property to Paroc Group Oy. Although tax clearance for the reorganization, including the proposed post-reorganization transfer pricing methodology, was obtained in advance from the Finnish tax authorities, the Finnish tax authorities have not approved our suggested pricing under that methodology. As the Finnish tax authorities' approach to transfer pricing appears to be in a state of flux, it is possible that our transfer pricing practices in respect of this intellectual property may result in tax and interest payments in excess of the amount currently expected.
In some jurisdictions, such as Russia, tax authorities have broad powers in terms of the application and interpretation of existing laws and the issuance of by-laws. Their position on various issues may change significantly over time, which in turn increases the probability of adverse consequences for our business. For example, we are currently involved in a pending dispute with the Russian tax authorities in relation to the refusal by such authorities to permit ZAO Paroc to recover RUB 11.8 million (approximately 262,222) of VAT for the second quarter of 2013 due to insufficient documentation. ZAO Paroc expects to receive similar VAT recovery refusals for the third and fourth quarters of 2013 for the amount of RUB 9.2 million (approximately 204,444) and RUB 20 million (approximately 444,444), respectively. ZAO Paroc plans to settle this issue with the Russian tax authorities out-of-court by providing a revised tax return with complete documentation. Non-residents are also exposed to the risk of cancellations of or amendments to double taxation treaties, which in turn may affect such an investor's position if they previously derived benefits from such treaties. Over the last 20 years, the Russian taxation system has been subject to frequent, arbitrary and radical changes and the system will likely continue to change. Therefore, we are unable to confidently predict the impact of the Russian taxation system on our activities in Russia, though it is possible that it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.
Due to restrictions on the deduction of interest expenses orforfeiture of interest carry-forwards under Finnish and Swedish law, we may be unable to fully deduct interest expenses on our financial liabilities.
A certain amount of our Group's annual financing expenses (interest payments) may not be deductible under Finnish or Swedish taxation laws. Subject to certain prerequisites, these laws impose certain restrictions on the deductibility of interest for tax purposes. Most relevantly, new interest deduction limitation rules were introduced in Sweden with effect on and from January 1, 2013, pursuant to which interest payments to affiliated companies are not deductible unless an exemption applies. These exemptions are essentially that either (i) the interest income would have been taxed at a minimum rate of 10% in the residence state of the beneficial owner thereof, assuming that such income were its only income, unless the main reason for the loan structure is to obtain a substantial tax benefit, or (ii) the loan (as well as the acquisition, if the loan relates to an acquisition of shares from an affiliated party or shares in a company that will become affiliated further to the acquisition), are motivated by business reasons, and the recipient of the interest is resident in another EEA country or a country which has a tax treaty with Sweden. At present, there is a SEK-denominated intercompany loan outstanding between Paroc Sverige AB and Paroc Group which, as of December 31, 2013, had a book value of 225.8 million, and in respect of which the interest expense in the stand-alone financial statements of Paroc Sverige AB for the year ended December 31, 2013 was 10.5 million. It is possible that we may be denied a deduction for this interest expense, which may result in additional tax liabilities in respect of the 2013 financial year in the order of 2.2 million, plus penalties of 0.9 million. We may also not be able to claim a deduction for interest expenses in respect of this loan, or any similar loans replacing or refinancing this loan, for the 2014 financial year or future financial years. If we are unable to claim a deduction for this loan, or any similar loans replacing or refinancing this loan, in respect of any financial year, this may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In this context, it should be noted that a committee has been appointed by the Swedish government to carry out a general review of the Swedish corporate tax system. The committee has a specific instruction to propose rules making it more neutral to invest in equity compared to debt and to contemplate and propose legislation to further restrict deductions on interest payments. At this stage it is uncertain what the outcome of this will be (the committee is to submit its final report in June, 2014), The restriction of the deductibility of interest expenses for tax purposes may have adverse consequences for our financial condition and results of operations.
In Finland, new interest deduction limitation rules were introduced in 2013 and are applicable from the 2014 tax year. The rules considerably limit the ability to deduct interest expenses paid between affiliated companies. According to the rules, net interest expenses may become non-deductible if they exceed 500,000 per tax year. If the 500,000 limit is exceeded, the net interest expenses can still be deducted to
55
