In Finland, new interest deduction limitation rules were introduced in 2013 and are applicable from the 2014 tax year. The rules considerably limit the ability to deduct interest expenses paid between affiliated companies. According to the rules, net interest expenses may become non-deductible if they exceed 500,000 per tax year. If the 500,000 limit is exceeded, the net interest expenses can still be deducted to
the extent that they do not exceed 25% of the company's adjusted EBITDA. For the purposes of the calculation of the 25% limit, both interest on associated loans and third party loans are taken into account, while the deductibility of interest on associated loans may only be lost. The new rules include a solvency test based on which otherwise non-deductible net interest cost may become deductible. According to the solvency test, net interest expenses are always deductible if the taxpayer provides evidence that the ratio of the equity of the taxpayer to the balance sheet total is not below the corresponding ratio of the group balance sheet in the end of the tax year. Any non-deductible amount is carried forward and may be, again subject to the interest barrier rules, deductible in future fiscal years. The restriction of the deductibility of interest expenses for tax purposes may have adverse consequences for our financial condition and results of operations in the future.
Restrictions on the utilization of our tax loss carry-forwards may have an adverse effect on ourfinancial condition and results of operations.
Certain companies in our corporate structure have tax loss carry-forwards of which the tax effect has partially been capitalized as deferred tax assets in the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013. The Group reviews at each balance sheet date the carrying amount of deferred tax assets. The Group considers whether it is probable that the group entities will have sufficient taxable profits against which the unused tax losses or unused tax credits can be utilized. The factors used in estimates may differ from actual outcome which could lead to significant adjustments to deferred tax assets expensed in the statement of income. The net operating loss carry-forwards for which no deferred tax asset is recognized due to uncertainty of their utilization amounted to 8.4 million at December 31, 2013 for the Paroc Group, and does not include significant tax loss carry-forwards at our parent company, Safari Finco 1 Oy. These losses for the Paroc Group expire between the years 2019 - 2023. In general, in Finland, tax losses may be carried forward for 10 years and set off against income from the same source in which the loss was incurred, assuming certain conditions are met. According to Finnish rules, if more than 50% of the share capital is transferred, tax loss carry-forwards and current losses will be forfeited unless a dispensation is granted. In addition, in Finland the ability to make group contributions to passive holding companies may be restricted, which could potentially limit our ability to utilize tax losses in our corporate structure, including at Safari Finco 1 Oy. To the extent that the utilization of tax losses is restricted, they cannot be set-off against future tax profits which would result in increased future tax burdens. In addition, any such restriction may require a write-down of the deferred tax assets in our consolidated financial statements. This could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.
Certain of our customers have been expanding and may continue to expand through consolidation and internal growth, which may increase their buyingpower, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and financial position.
Certain of our important customers in certain markets are large companies with significant buying power. In addition, potential further consolidation in the distribution channels could enhance the ability of certain of our customers to seek more favorable terms, including pricing, for the products that they purchase from us. A tendency toward dealer consolidation and therefore increased customer bargaining power is a risk, especially in the dealer segment. Accordingly, our ability to maintain or raise prices in the future may be limited, including during periods of raw material and other cost increases. See "--Our business may be negatively affected by volatility in raw and other material prices, our inability to retain or replace our key suppliers, unexpected supply shortages and disruptions of the supply chain' If we are forced to reduce prices or to maintain prices during periods of increased costs, or if we lose customers because of pricing or other methods of competition, our revenues, operating results and financial position may be materially and adversely affected.
Because to a certain extent we depend on a coregroup ofsignificant customers, our sales, cashflowsfrom operations and results of operations may decline if our key customers reduce the amount ofproducts that they purchasefrom us.
Our top 10 customers accounted for 31%, 37% and 19% of our gross external sales in our BI, TI and PPS divisions, respectively, in the year ended December 31, 2013. We expect a small number of customers to continue to account for a not insignificant portion of our net sales for these divisions for the foreseeable future. By contrast, in our Russian operations, our top 10 customers accounted for 50% of our gross external sales in the year ended December 31, 2013, and a small number of customers may continue to account for a substantial portion of our net sales for this business unit for the foreseeable future.
56
