The Notes will be structurally subordinated to present andfuture liabilities of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries.
The security interests in the Collateral will be granted to the Security Agent rather than directly to the holders ofthe Notes. The ability of the Security Agent to enforce certain of the Collateral may be restricted by local law.
The security interests in the Collateral that will secure our obligations under the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantors under the Note Guarantees will not be granted directly to the holders of the Notes but will be granted only in favor of the Security Agent. The Trustee will enter into the Intercreditor Agreement with, among others, the Security Agent and representatives of the other indebtedness secured by the Collateral, including the New Revolving Credit Facility and counterparties to certain hedging obligations. Other creditors may become parties to the Intercreditor Agreement in the future. Among other things, the Intercreditor Agreement governs the enforcement of the Security Documents, and will provide that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, only the Security Agent has the right to enforce the Security Documents relating to the Collateral on behalf of the Trustee and the holders of the Notes, the sharing in any recoveries from such enforcement and the release of the Collateral by the Security Agent. As a consequence, holders of the Notes will not have direct security interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Notes, except through the Security Agent, who will follow instructions as set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. For more information, see `Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement--Release of the Guarantees and the Security--Distressed Disposal" and "Certain Insolvency Law and Local Law Limitations.''
In addition, the ability of the Security Agent to enforce the security interests in the Collateral is subject to mandatory provisions of the laws of each jurisdiction in which security interests over the Collateral are taken. For example, the laws of certain jurisdictions may not allow for an appropriation of certain pledged assets, but require a sale through a public auction and certain waiting periods may apply. There is some uncertainty under the laws of certain jurisdictions as to whether obligations to beneficial owners of the Notes that are not identified as registered holders in a Security Document will be validly secured. In addition, the foreclosure of the pledged items in Poland as a part of an enforcement action may turn out to be ineffective if the foreclosure value does not correspond to the fair market value of the assets.
There is some uncertainty under the laws of certain jurisdictions, including the laws of Poland and Lithuania, as to whether trusts, including the security trust created pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, will be recognized and enforceable. To address this uncertainty, a direct covenant to pay (the ``Parallel Debt") has been granted to the Security Agent by each debtor under the Intercreditor Agreement, including each Guarantor of the Notes. The Parallel Debt provision allows the Security Agent to act in its own name in its capacity as a creditor. The Parallel Debt is an obligation under the Intercreditor Agreement to pay to the Security Agent amounts equal to any amounts owing from time to time by that debtor to any secured party under the debt documents, including the relevant Notes and the Notes Guarantees (the "Principal Obligations"). The Parallel Debt is a separate obligation of each respective debtor to the Security Agent and independent from the corresponding Principal Obligations. The Parallel Debt provisions constitute a secured obligation for the purposes of each Security Document securing the
63
Notes and the other indebtedness secured subject to the Intercreditor Agreement. Any payment in respect of the Principal Obligations shall discharge the corresponding Parallel Debt and any payment in respect of the Parallel Debt shall discharge the corresponding Principal Obligations. In respect of the security interests granted to the Security Agent (including to secure the Parallel Debt), the relevant Trustee and the holders of the relevant Notes do not have direct security and are not entitled to take enforcement actions in respect of such security, except through the Security Agent. As a result, the holders of Notes bear some risks associated with the security trust and Parallel Debt structure. Moreover, although the Polish legal system does not provide for the formal legal institution of Parallel Debt, Polish courts' rulings (only limited judicial guidance is available) have generally accepted the parallel debt mechanism and, consequently, also the Polish security for repayment of such debt. However, this position may change in the future and the existence of a parallel debt alongside the primary debt may be found as contradicting Polish legal order. Similarly, the concept of parallel debt is not native to Lithuanian law and thus the Parallel Debt may be subject to uncertainties as to validity and enforceability in Lithuania. See "Certain Insolvency Law and Local Law Limitations. ''
The Issuer and the Guarantors have control over the Collateral securing the Notes and the sale ofparticular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Notes.
The Security Documents (except certain Security Documents subject to Swedish law) will, subject to the terms of the New Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture, allow the Issuer and the Guarantors, as applicable, to remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate, and collect, invest and dispose of any income from the Collateral. So long as no default or event of default under the New Revolving Credit Facility or the Indenture would result therefrom, the Issuer and the Guarantors may, among other things, without any release or consent by the Security Agent, conduct ordinary course activities with respect to the Collateral, such as selling, factoring, abandoning or otherwise disposing of Collateral and making ordinary course cash payments, including repayments of indebtedness. Any of these activities could reduce the value of the Collateral and consequently the amounts payable to you from proceeds of any sale of Collateral in the case of an enforcement of the liens.
