The security interests granted to the Security Agent in respect of the Collateral will be subject to practical problems generally associated with the realization of security interests over real or personal property such as the Collateral. For example, the Security Agent may need to obtain the consent of a third-party, including that of competent regulatory authorities (including competition regulators) or courts, to enforce a security interest. We cannot assure you that the Security Agent will be able to obtain any such consents. We also cannot assure you that the consents of any third parties will be given when required to facilitate a foreclosure on such assets. Accordingly, the Security Agent may not have the ability to foreclose upon those assets, and the value of the Collateral may significantly decrease.
In addition, our business requires a variety of national and local permits and licenses. The continued operation of properties that comprise part of the Collateral and that depend on the maintenance of such permits and licenses may be prohibited or restricted. Our business is subject to regulations and permitting requirements and may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with existing regulations or requirements or if changes in applicable regulations or requirements occur. In the event of foreclosure, the grant of permits and licenses may be revoked, the transfer of such permits and licenses may be prohibited or may require us to incur significant cost and expense. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that the applicable governmental authorities will consent to the transfer of all such permits. If the regulatory approvals required for such transfers are not obtained, are delayed or are economically prevented, the foreclosure may be delayed, a temporary or lasting shutdown of operations may result, and the value of the Collateral may be significantly decreased.
The Collateral is limited to certain categories of assets.
Certain limited assets will be pledged pursuant to the Security Documents. See `Description of the Notes-- Security.'' The Security Agent, and therefore indirectly the holders of the Notes, will only have an unsecured claim against any of the Issuer's or the Guarantors' assets that do not constitute Collateral.
The Collateral is subject to casualty risks.
We intend to continue to maintain insurance or otherwise insure against hazards in the manner described in this offering memorandum. There are, however, certain losses that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, in whole or in part. Insurance proceeds may not compensate us fully for our losses. If there is a complete or partial loss of any of the Collateral, the insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to satisfy all of the secured obligations, including the Notes and the Note Guarantees. In addition, even if there is sufficient insurance coverage, if there is a total or partial loss of certain Collateral, there may be significant delays in obtaining replacement Collateral.
67
Enforcingyour rights as a holder ofthe Notes or under the Note Guarantees or security across multiplejurisdictions may prove difficult or provide less protection than U.S. bankruptcy law.
The Notes will be issued by the Issuer, a company incorporated under the laws of Finland. The Notes will be guaranteed by the Guarantors, which are incorporated under the laws of Finland, Sweden, Poland, Lithuania and Russia, and which hold assets in, among other jurisdictions, Finland, Sweden, Poland, Lithuania and Russia. In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event, proceedings could be initiated in any, all or any combination of the above jurisdictions. Such jurisdictions may not be as favorable to investors as the laws of the United States or other jurisdictions with which investors are familiar, and proceedings in these jurisdictions are likely to be complex and costly for creditors and otherwise may result in greater uncertainty and delay regarding the enforcement of your rights. Your rights in and under the Notes, the Note Guarantees and the Collateral will be subject to the bankruptcy, insolvency and administrative laws of the relevant jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that you will be able to effectively enforce your rights in such complex, multiple bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings. See ``Certain Insolvency Law and Local Law Limitations'
