(ii) to fewer than 100 natural or legal persons or, if the Relevant Member State has implemented the relevant provision of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
provided that no such offer of the Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) (inclusive) above shall require the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers or the Adviser to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the Prospectus Directive.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an ``offer of notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, as such expression may be varied in the Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State. For the purposes of this provision, the expression ``Prospectus Directive" means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the Relevant Member State), and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Relevant Member State; and the expression ``2010 PD Amending Directive" means Directive 2010/73/EU.
Each subscriber for, or purchaser of, the Notes in the Offering located within a Relevant Member State will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a ``qualified investor" within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive. The Issuer, each Initial Purchaser and their
iv
affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing representation, acknowledgment and agreement.
United Kingdom
This offering memorandum is directed only at persons (the "Relevant Persons") who (i) fall within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, (ii) fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated.
This offering memorandum must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this offering memorandum relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Recipients of this offering memorandum are not permitted to transmit it to any other person. The Notes are not being offered to the public in the United Kingdom.
