· in accordance with an enforcement action in compliance with the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement;
· as a result of a transaction permitted by ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Guarantors."
71
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indenture.
Upon the occurrence of a ``change of control," as defined in the Indenture, we would be required to offer to repurchase all the relevant outstanding Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof on the date of purchase plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of purchase.
Our ability to fund the purchase price for any offer to purchase the Notes upon a change of control would be limited by our access to funds at the time and the terms of our other debt and contractual agreements, including the New Revolving Credit Facility and the Intercreditor Agreement. We may not have sufficient funds at the time of any such event to make the required repurchases. The source of funds for any repurchase required will be available cash or cash generated from operating activities or other sources, including borrowings, sales of assets or sales of equity or funds provided by subsidiaries. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain the necessary level of financing. If an event constituting a change of control occurs at a time when our subsidiaries are prohibited from providing funds to ourselves for the purpose of repurchasing the Notes, our subsidiaries may seek the consent of the lenders under such indebtedness to the purchase of the Notes or may attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain such prohibition. If a consent to repay such borrowings is not obtained, we may be prohibited from repurchasing any Notes. In addition, a change of control may result in an event of default under, or acceleration of, our New Revolving Credit Facility, the Notes and any other indebtedness we may have outstanding. The repurchase of the Notes pursuant to such an offer could cause a default under the New Revolving Credit Facility and other indebtedness, even if the change of control itself does not. Any failure by us to offer to purchase the Notes would constitute a default under the Indenture which would, in turn, constitute a default under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain other indebtedness. See ``Description of the Notes-- Change of Control.''
The change of control provision contained in the Indenture may not necessarily afford you protection in the event of certain important corporate events, including a reorganization, restructuring, merger, recapitalization or other similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect you, because such corporate events may not involve a shift in voting power or beneficial ownership or, even if they do, may not constitute a ``change of control" as defined in the Indenture. Except as described under `Description of the Notes-- Change of Control," the Indenture will not contain provisions that would require us to offer to repurchase or redeem the applicable Notes in the event of a reorganization, restructuring, merger, recapitalization or similar transaction.
The definition of ``change of control'' contained in the Indenture will include (with certain exceptions) a disposition of all or substantially all the assets of ourselves and our restricted subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ``all or substantially all,'' there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances, there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of our assets and its restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a change of control has occurred and whether we are required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes.
If an active trading market does not develop for the Notes, your ability to resell the Notes may be limited.
