The definition of ``change of control'' contained in the Indenture will include (with certain exceptions) a disposition of all or substantially all the assets of ourselves and our restricted subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ``all or substantially all,'' there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances, there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of our assets and its restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a change of control has occurred and whether we are required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes.
The Notes are new securities for which there is currently no market. We cannot assure you as to the liquidity of any market that may develop for the Notes, the ability of holders of the Notes to sell them or the price at which holders of the Notes may be able to sell them. Although application will be made for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market thereof within a reasonable period after the Issue Date, we cannot assure you that the Notes will become or remain listed. Although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of the admission to trading on the Global Exchange Market, failure to be approved for listing or the delisting of the Notes, as applicable, from the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange may have a material effect on a holder's ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market. Historically, the market for non-investment grade debt has been subject to disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in the prices of securities similar to the Notes. Any market for the Notes will likely be subject to similar disruptions and such disruptions may have a negative effect on you, as holder of the Notes, regardless of our prospects and financial performance.
72
The liquidity of any market for the Notes will depend on the number of holders of the Notes, prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities and other factors, including general economic conditions and our own financial condition, performance and prospects, as well as third-party recommendations. The Initial Purchasers have informed us that they intend to make a market in the Notes. However, they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue such market-making at any time without notice. As a result, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or, if one does develop, that it will be maintained. If no active trading market develops, you may not be able to resell your Notes at fair value, if at all.
The liquidity of, and trading market for, the Notes may also be affected by declines in the market for high yield securities generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of our financial performance and prospects.
The Notes will initially be held in book-entryform, and therefore you must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing systems to exercise any rights and remedies.
The Notes will initially only be issued in global form and held through Euroclear and Clearstream.
Interests in the global notes will trade in book-entry form only, and the Notes in definitive registered form, or Definitive Registered Notes, will be issued in exchange for Book-Entry Interests only in very limited circumstances. Owners of Book-Entry Interests will not be considered owners of the Notes. The common depositary, or its nominee, for Euroclear and Clearstream will be the sole registered holder of the global notes representing the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and other amounts owing on or in respect of the global notes representing the Notes will be made to The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying agent, which will make payments to Euroclear and Clearstream. Thereafter, these payments will be credited to participants' accounts that hold Book-Entry Interests in the global notes representing the Notes and credited by such participants to indirect participants. After payment to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, we will have no responsibility or liability for the payment of interest, principal or other amounts to the owners of Book-Entry Interests. Accordingly, if you own a Book-Entry Interest, you must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, and if you are not a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, on the procedures of the participant through which you own your interest, to exercise any rights and obligations of a holder of the Notes under the Indenture.
Unlike the holders of the Notes themselves, owners of Book-Entry Interests will not have the direct right to act upon our solicitations for consents, requests for waivers or other actions from holders of the Notes. Instead, if you own a Book-Entry Interest, you will be permitted to act only to the extent you have received appropriate proxies to do so from Euroclear or Clearstream. The procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies may not be sufficient to enable you to vote on a timely basis.
