In addition, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing the Notes on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange or another recognized stock exchange in accordance with the Indenture, failure to obtain approval for the listing or the delisting of the Notes from the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange or another recognized stock exchange, as applicable, may have a material adverse effect on your ability to resell Notes in the secondary market.
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Safari Finco 1 Oy, a private limited liability company (``osakeyhtio") incorporated under the laws of Finland, which is in turn indirectly majority-owned by a lending syndicate comprised of over 30 financial institutions (the "Lender-Owner Syndicate"). The LenderOwner Syndicate took control of the Group in 2009 after a restructuring of the the Group's debt. In addition to the Existing Senior Notes and the Existing Senior Facility, the Lender-Owner Syndicate also holds the Existing Junior Notes issued by Safari Finco 1 Oy, as well as tracking preferred equity certificates issued by Safari Luxco 1 S.A. A portion of the proceeds of the Offering, together with cash on hand, will be used to (i) partially redeem, and pay accrued and unpaid interest on, the Existing Junior Notes and (ii) fund the purchase by Safari Luxco 2 S.A. of Existing Junior Notes from the Lender-Owner Syndicate.
As a result, the Lender-Owner Syndicate is able to exercise significant influence over our corporate actions, including, but not limited to, the decision to incur indebtedness over a certain threshold, enter into significant transactions or undertake capital expenditures over a certain threshold. See "Principal Shareholders--Shareholders'Agreement of Safari Luxco 1 S.A. and Safari Luxco 2 S.A." The interests of the Lender-Owner Syndicate may differ from yours in material respects and may be in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other strategic transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you as a holder of Notes. Additionally, the Indenture will, subject to certain limitations, permit us to pay advisory fees, dividends or make other payments to the Lender-Owner Syndicate and its affiliates. You should consider that the interests of these holders may differ from yours in material respects and understand that in the event of a conflict of interest between you and the Lender-Owner Syndicate, their actions could affect our ability to meet our payment obligations to you. See "Principal Shareholders" and "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions."
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, are not recommendations to buy or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time and different credit rating agencies may assign different ratings.
Credit ratings address our ability to perform our obligations under the terms of the Notes and credit risks in determining the likelihood that payments will be made when due under the Notes. Any ratings of the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. Other credit rating agencies which do not publish credit ratings with respect to the Notes may assign a lower rating than any published ratings of the Notes. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time of the credit rating assigned to the Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of our financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of the Notes.
74
Investors may face foreign currency exchange risks by investing in the Notes. The Notes will be denominated and payable in non-U.S. currency. Accordingly, for U.S. Holders (as defined under "Certain Tax Considerations--Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations"), an investment in a series of Notes will entail foreign currency exchange-related risks due to, among other factors, possible significant changes in the value of the non-U.S. currency relative to the U.S. dollar because of economic, political and other factors over which we have no control. Depreciation of the non-U.S. currency against the U.S. dollar may cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Notes below either series' stated coupon rate and may result in a loss to U.S. Holders when the non-U.S. currency from the Notes is translated into U.S. dollars. Investments in Notes by U.S. Holders may also have important tax consequences as a result of foreign currency exchange gains or losses, if any. See "Certain Tax Considerations--Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations."
75
USE OF PROCEEDS
