(2) A portion of the proceeds of the Offering, together with cash on hand, will be distributed, advanced or otherwise paid to our parent company, Safari Finco 1 Oy, to (i) partially redeem, and pay accrued and unpaid interest on, the Existing Junior Notes in the aggregate amount of A100.8 million and (ii) fund the purchase by Safari Luxco 2 S.A. of Existing Junior Notes from the Lender-Owner Syndicate in the aggregate principal amount of A4.2 million. See "Principal Shareholders'' and "Description of Other Indebtedness--Shareholder Loans of Safari Finco 1 Oy."
(4) We expect cash on hand to generally decline during the first two quarters of the fiscal year due to increased investment in working capital, and as a result we may fund a portion of the Transactions or our other working capital requirements with borrowings under our New Revolving Credit Facility.
76
CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets forth the consolidated cash and cash equivalents and capitalization of the Issuer as of December 31, 2013 on an actual basis and as adjusted to give pro forma effect to the Transactions as if they had occurred on December 31, 2013. The actual consolidated financial information has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
This table should be read in conjunction with "Use of Proceeds," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," "Description of Other Indebtedness" and the audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. Except as set forth below, there have been no other material changes to our capitalization since December 31, 2013.
Cash and cash equivalents® . . Loans and borrowings: Notes offered hereby ..............
Fixed Rate Notes ................ Floating Rate Notes ............ New Revolving Credit Facility® Existing Senior Facility®......... Existing Issuer Senior Notes® . Existing Oy Ab Senior Notes® Finance lease liabilities........... Capitalized transaction costs® . Total loans and borrowings . . . Total equity®............................ Total capitalization.................. 365421
Actual
