The main raw materials used in the manufacturing processes for our various stone wool products are stone, coke, binder, steel, coatings and adhesives, which accounted for 18%, 27%, 22%, 14%, 12% and 4%, respectively, of our raw materials cost for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our manufacturing processes also require large quantities of electricity, particularly at our two manufacturing facilities which operate electric furnaces. Collectively, raw materials, packaging materials and energy cost amounted to 136.4 million, 139.0 million and 133.9 million (or 44.1%, 43.6% and 43.0% of our total cost of sales) in the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. The prices for our raw materials and energy requirements have fluctuated significantly in the past for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control, and consequently our results of operations have been affected by such fluctuations.
82
total raw materials cost (and approximately 13% of our total cost of sales) for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our total energy cost is driven by cost for the supply of electricity used in connection with our furnace processes. In the year ended December 31, 2013, our total energy cost (excluding coke) amounted to 27.5 million and accounted for 9% of our cost of sales.
In order to manage the risk of fluctuations in raw material and energy prices, we enter into supply agreements covering significant portions of our expected raw material and energy requirements for set periods of time, which may be on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis depending on the nature of the supply agreement. If raw material or energy prices decline after we have entered into the relevant supply agreement, we may have to pay prices under the agreement which are in excess of prevailing spot market prices, which may adversely impact our results of operations. We also seek to mitigate the risk of fluctuations in raw materials cost by implementing measures designed to improve efficiency of consumption, as well as using alternative, cheaper raw materials where possible. For example, with respect to stone, we generally try to source our supply locally and as close as possible to our manufacturing facilities and often seek to substitute virgin stone for cheaper industrial residual materials. With respect to coke, most of our requirements are now sourced on a quarterly basis from suppliers in Poland and Ukraine, on a semi-annual basis from suppliers in Spain and on an occasional basis from suppliers in Italy, which means we benefit from a better security of supply and improved logistics, working capital and price leverage as compared to our previous arrangements with suppliers in China. Coke prices are negotiated largely based on Australian coking coal price trends. For example, the significant spike that we experienced in 2011 with respect to coke prices was primarily the result of severe flooding in Queensland, which is a key region in the global supply of coking coal. With respect to binder, pricing under our current supply arrangements is agreed each month on a spot basis and is indexed to price movements in phenol, urea and methanol. In Finland and Sweden, which together account for approximately half of our annual electricity usage, we mitigate the risk of fluctuations in electricity prices by estimating our electricity consumption over a rolling three-year period and fixing prices each year for a specified percentage of our estimated usage for that year. We fix prices for between 75% and 85% of our estimated consumption in the first year, between 35% and 45% in the second year and between 10% and 20% in the third year. In Lithuania and Poland, which together generally account for the remainder of our electricity usage, we enter into long-term contracts with the relevant suppliers and fix prices for our electricity consumption on an annual basis.
Although historically we have generally been able to pass on increases in costs with respect to raw materials and energy to our customers by increasing prices for our products, we generally have no contractual pass-through mechanisms in our contracts with dealers and other customers and there can be no assurance that we will be able to increase prices in the future. See "-- Competition and pricing'' below. See also ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--Our business may be negatively affected by volatility in raw and other material prices, our inability to retain or replace our key suppliers, unexpected supply shortages and disruptions of the supply chain'' and "--Increased energy cost or disruptions in energy supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. ''
Product mix
Our results of operations and gross profit margins are impacted as a result of changes in our product mix. Given the finite nature of our production capacity, our profitability generally improves to the extent that we are able to dedicate our production capacity to manufacture higher margin products and sell those products to our customers at prices which reflect the value-added nature of the products. In recent years, our growth strategy has involved a greater concentration on sales of higher margin, value-added HVAC products (in particular, pipe sections and certain types of wired mats) through our TI division, as opposed to less profitable industrial products. This strategic shift in product mix within our TI division was a major contributing factor to us achieving an overall increase in our consolidated gross profit margin from 23.6% in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 28.1% in the year ended December 31, 2013, despite recording only a slight increase in volumes of TI products sold.
Seasonality and weather conditions
The construction industry, and therefore demand for stone wool insulation and other building materials generally, is seasonal in nature and dependent on weather conditions, as periods of frost, snow or heavy rain can negatively affect construction activities. Accordingly, these seasonal effects frequently impact our results of operations. In general, due to the climate, many construction sites in our core markets open in
