84
Geographic expansion and capital expenditures
We have a history of mainly organic expansion. Since 2009, we have significantly broadened our geographic sales reach by expanding and leveraging our strategically-located manufacturing footprint, which has allowed us to benefit from an increased sales presence and larger customer base within Western Europe and Russia, which has, in turn, impacted our results of operations. For example, as our TI business has grown, the geographic markets in which we are able to sell our higher margin, value-added TI products have also broadened and increased in scale, since it is generally more economically feasible to transport TI products over long distances as compared to BI products. In particular, the location of our Polish manufacturing facility has significantly increased the scope for sales of TI products into markets in Western Europe, including Germany and the United Kingdom, which we view as key growth markets for our TI division.
As of March 31, 2014, we had eight manufacturing facilities (excluding our factory located in Lappeenranta, which is scheduled to close down in 2016) located in Finland, Sweden, Poland, Lithuania and Russia, and we sold our products in more than 40 countries. Historically, we have invested in new plants in Poland and Lithuania to benefit from high growth markets in the Baltic States and Eastern Europe. Most recently, as part of our ongoing strategy to establish a manufacturing presence in high growth markets, we expanded our Russian operations and invested approximately 60 million in the construction of a new manufacturing facility in Tver, which is strategically located between Moscow and Saint Petersburg, allowing for ease of transport of products to end customers within Russia. The first production line for the manufacture of base stone wool at the new facility (``Tver Line 1") began meaningful commercial production in January 2014, although we do not yet have local TI production capacity in Russia. We have been importing our products into Russia since 1993. However, we are now enjoying significant benefits from having a local manufacturing presence in Russia. Local in-country production has enabled us to become more competitive in the Russian market, since we now benefit from significantly lower transportation costs, as well as the removal of substantial import tariffs, which previously limited the profitability of our Russian sales. We intend production at our Tver manufacturing facility to replace a substantial majority of the products which we have historically imported from plants in neighboring countries to supply the Russian market. Furthermore, we are currently considering making further material capital expenditures to expand production capacity at our Tver manufacturing facility. See ``--Key Factors Affecting Our Future Results of Operations--Further Russian expansion," "--Liquidity and Capital Resources-- Capital expenditures" and "Business--Divisions--Russian expansion." Operations in new markets or investments in new manufacturing facilities frequently have periods of start-up losses, and it may take a substantial period of time, subject to developments in the relevant markets, for such new operations or investments to become profitable.
Our capital expenditures can principally be divided into two categories: (i) maintenance capital expenditures, which are capital expenditures required to sustain the ongoing performance of our operations or otherwise adjust our operations to adhere to legislative or regulatory requirements, and (ii) strategic growth investments, which are capital expenditures designed to enhance productivity, achieve cost savings or gain a particular commercial advantage. Maintenance capital expenditures in 2012 and 2013 were generally stable at 10.3 million and 10.6 million, respectively. However, during 2011, maintenance capital expenditures were significantly higher at 15.8 million due to the implementation of several large one-off projects which impacted our results of operations. For example, we replaced packaging machinery at our manufacturing facility in Oulu, installed a sulphur cleaning system at our manufacturing facility in Hallekis and added module machines and robot palletizers to the packing ends at our manufacturing facility in Parainen. In comparison, strategic growth investments (excluding those made in connection with our Russian expansion) amounted to 6.0 million, 9.9 million and 7.0 million for 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. Historically, the split between maintenance capital expenditures and strategic growth investments has been relatively equal, although in recent years maintenance capital expenditures have taken precedence to our strategic growth investments outside Russia as a result of the extra capital we have been required to commit in connection with our Russian expansion. Although maintenance capital
85
expenditures have remained relatively steady over the last two years, we may be required to make additional maintenance capital expenditures in the future as we start to operate at higher utilization rates. In addition, increased levels of capital expenditure for expansion, maintenance and optimization may be followed by an increase in depreciation expense as machinery and buildings will be depreciated over their useful lives.
Exchange rate fluctuations
Although our reporting currency for purposes of our consolidated financial statements is the euro, a significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the euro, including the Swedish krona, the Norwegian krone, the Danish krone, the Lithuanian litas, the Polish zloty, the Russian rouble and the British pound. Accordingly, our results of operations are subject to currency effects, primarily currency translation exposure. For purposes of our consolidated financial statements, the profits and losses of our subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the euro are translated into euro at average exchange rates, while assets and liabilities are translated into euro at the closing exchange rate as of the date of the applicable statement of financial position. Excluding sales denominated in the Latvian lats (which was replaced by the euro as of January 1, 2014) and the Lithuanian litas (which is pegged to the euro), we generated approximately 56% of our revenue in currencies other than the euro during the year ended December 31, 2013; namely the Swedish krona (accounting for approximately 30% of our total revenue), the Russian rouble (accounting for approximately 8% of our total revenue), the Norwegian krone (accounting for approximately 7% of our total revenue), the Polish zloty (accounting for approximately 6% of our total revenue), the Danish krone (accounting for approximately 3% of our total revenue) and the British pound (accounting for approximately 2% of our total revenue). Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates (particularly in relation to the Swedish krona, the Russian rouble, the Norwegian krone, the Polish zloty, the Danish krone and the British pound) can affect the value of our foreign assets, liabilities, sales and costs when reported in euro and will therefore give rise to period-on-period differences in our results of operations.
