Exchange rate fluctuations
Transaction-related exposure at our subsidiaries is relatively limited because their revenues and expenses are, in general, generated and incurred in their respective operating or functional currencies. However, we do face some transaction risk, primarily as a result of sales being made out of Finland into Sweden and Norway, out of Sweden into Norway and Denmark and out of Poland into Germany and the United Kingdom. As a result of our recent Russian expansion, we also face transaction risk to the extent we source coke and other raw materials from countries with a functional currency other than the Russian rouble. We mitigate the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts. Specifically, we forecast our cash flows by currency on a rolling six-month basis and hedge between 60% and 80% of those estimated cash flows, calculated on a Group basis. Currency translation exposure is not hedged. While our hedging strategy enables us to partly mitigate the effects on our cash flows of an appreciation of the value of the euro compared to the respective functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries over the relevant period, it does not enable us to mitigate the risk of a long-term appreciation of the euro compared to the respective functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. Furthermore, we are also subject to foreign currency effects linked to loans (including intercompany loans) made in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity advancing or receiving those loans. For example, we currently have an outstanding SEK-denominated intercompany loan from Paroc Group Oy (the functional currency of which is the euro) to Paroc Sverige AB (the functional currency of which is the Swedish krona) which, as of December 31, 2013, had a book value of 225.8 million. Due to favorable exchange rate movements that have occurred during the period since the intercompany loan was made, Paroc Group Oy is likely to realize a substantial taxable gain upon repayment of the intercompany loan, which repayment may occur in connection with the Transactions. See also "Risk Factors--Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry-- Currency rate and interest rate fluctuations might adversely affect our financial position and results of operations," and "--Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Exchange rate risk."
Interest rate fluctuations
We have a significant amount of long-term indebtedness, including under our Existing Senior Notes and our Existing Senior Facility, pursuant to which we pay interest at a floating interest rate. Accordingly, our various debt instruments expose us to fluctuations in interest rates which can impact our results of operations. Specifically, if interest rates increase, our interest expense will also increase, and conversely, if interest rates decrease, our interest expense will also decrease. Through our Group treasury, we monitor
86
market conditions and may from time to time implement appropriate measures to manage interest rate risk, including the utilization of approved interest rate derivatives. As of December 31, 2013, our 350 million Existing Senior Notes were fully hedged through interest rate swaps until February 2015, pursuant to which we pay fixed interest and receive a floating interest rate linked to three-month EURIBOR. See also "-- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Interest rate risk. ''
Key Factors Affecting Our Future Results of Operations
In addition to the matters discussed above under "--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations," we expect that our future results of operations will be also affected by the key factors described below.
Further Russian expansion
