In addition to the matters discussed above under "--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations," we expect that our future results of operations will be also affected by the key factors described below.
We believe Russia (which accounted for 8.3% of the Group's revenue for the financial year ended December 31, 2013) represents an attractive growth market for our business. Accordingly, we are currently considering a plan to significantly expand our production capacity at our new manufacturing facility in Tver by adding a second production line for the manufacture of base stone wool (``Tver Line 2"), as well as additional machinery that would provide us with off-line TI production capacity in Russia. This potential second phase of our Russian expansion remains subject to internal approval, which we would not expect to receive prior to the second half of 2014. In the event that we proceed with the second phase of our Russian expansion, we expect that we will make total capital expenditures in the amount of approximately 75 million during the 18 to 24 month period following any decision to proceed with the project. We expect that we would fund these capital expenditures using cash generated by our operating activities.
As a result of the construction and commissioning of Tver Line 1, our operating model with respect to Russia has fundamentally changed from an import model to a local production model, and this transformation would be further reinforced if we were to proceed with the second phase of our Russian expansion. As a result of this change in our operating model, we expect that we will be able to serve the Russian market at a significantly lower cost than we have achieved historically, since local production enables us to make savings with respect to distribution costs (partly due to the shorter distances between our Tver manufacturing facility and our customers, and partly due to our finished products no longer being subject to substantial Russian import duty). Over time, we expect this cost saving will result in EBITDA growth. However, our establishment of a manufacturing presence in Russia also entails risks, which would increase if we proceed with the second phase of our Russian expansion. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- We operate in emerging markets such as Russia, which exposes us to risks inherent to such less developed markets, and we may be exposed to greater risks as we intend to increase our operations in such markets" and "-- We may not be able to successfully manage future growth, including by way of organic growth to new regions and potential acquisitions which may expose us to additional risks." Furthermore, the effect of our expansion into Russia in the short term (as our operations ramp up) will be to increase the level of our cost of sales, operating expenses and depreciation, as well as decrease our margins. There can be no assurance that the benefits we expect to derive from our expansion into Russia will be realized.
Lappeenranta closure
The owner of the land on which our Lappeenranta manufacturing facility is situated has informed us that it does not intend to renew our lease of that land upon its expiration in 2019. Accordingly, we have decided to end our production operations on the site by the end of 2016, which will impact our future results of operations. As a result of the closure, we will be required to reallocate resources and transfer production operations and equipment from the Lappeenranta site to certain of our other manufacturing facilities, which is already in process. See "Business--Divisions--Production facilities and intersegment sales-- Lappeenranta closure." We will incur significant costs and expenses in connection with the closure of the Lappeenranta site and the transfer of operations to our other manufacturing facilities. Specifically, we expect that we will incur capital expenditures of approximately 7 million in connection with the transfer process, as well as demolition, land clearing and remediation costs of approximately 9 million. Furthermore, we expect that we will incur productivity losses, labor efficiency losses and other incremental costs during the transfer period. There is a risk that the transfer process may not proceed according to plan and that actual expenses may materially exceed our estimates. The transfer process may also result in significant disruptions to our production operations and impair our ability to service our customers. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--Interruptions in operations at our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows"
87
and ``-- The closure of the Lappeenranta facility may result in greater costs or disruptions to our business than currently expected. "
Presentation of Financial Information
The following is a discussion of our key consolidated statement of income items. For additional information, see "Note 2--Summary of significant accounting policies" of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
