This offering memorandum presents certain unaudited consolidated pro forma financial information adjusted to give pro forma effect to the Transactions. The unaudited pro forma financial information presented herein is based on available information and certain assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable and may differ materially from actual amounts. The unaudited consolidated pro forma financial information presented herein has been included for informational purposes only, and does not purport to present what our results would actually have been had the Transactions occurred on January 1, 2013 for purposes of the pro forma statement of income information or on December 31, 2013 for purposes of the pro forma statement of financial position information, nor is it necessarily indicative of our results that may be achieved in the future. See ``Summary-- Summary Financial and Operating Information
x
In this offering memorandum, unless otherwise indicated, all revenue, net sales and income data presented with respect to any particular operating division includes revenue, net sales and income of that operating division generated by internal sales to other operating divisions.
In this offering memorandum, unless otherwise indicated, all sales, total sales and total division sales represent net sales.
In this offering memorandum, unless otherwise indicated, energy cost has been presented excluding the cost of coke, which we instead present as part of raw materials cost.
We present our consolidated financial statements in euro. For certain information regarding rates of exchange between euro and U.S. dollars, see "Exchange Rate Information."
Non-IFRS Measures
We include certain financial measures in this offering memorandum, including EBITDA, EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin, as defined by us, which are supplemental measures of our performance and our ability to service our indebtedness that are not required by, recognized or presented in accordance with IFRS or U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We define these non-IFRS measures as follows:
