99
Maintenance capital expenditures remained generally stable during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013 at 10.3 million and 10.6 million, respectively. However, during the year ended December 31, 2011, maintenance capital expenditures were significantly higher at 15.8 million due to the implementation of several large one-off projects which impacted our results of operations. For example, we replaced a packaging end at our manufacturing facility in Oulu, installed a sulphur cleaning system at our manufacturing facility in Hallekis and added module machines and robot palletizers to the packing ends at our manufacturing facility in Parainen.
Strategic growth investments with respect to Russia for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 were 1.4 million, 16.9 million and 41.0 million, respectively. The significant increase in investment which occurred during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013 can be attributed to the commencement of our Russian expansion and the construction of Tver Line 1.
Strategic growth investments excluding those made with respect to Russia remained relatively stable at 6.0 million, 9.9 million and 7.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively, although the slight increase which occurred in the year ended December 31, 2012 was attributable to a new pipe section machine at our Trzemeszno manufacturing facility and a higher spend generally with respect to productivity and market-related investments.
Historically, the split between maintenance capital expenditures and strategic growth investments has been relatively equal. However, in recent years, maintenance capital expenditures have taken precedence to our strategic growth investments outside Russia as a result of the extra capital we have been required to commit in connection with our Russian expansion. While we believe that our plants are generally in good condition and adequate for our existing needs, we will be required to continue to invest in our manufacturing facilities in order to improve productivity, product quality and energy efficiency, as well as to expand capacity to meet expected demand for our existing and potential new products. As a supplier of premium stone wool products, maintenance and replacement measures in our plants are essential to continuously provide the required product quality. Furthermore, although maintenance capital expenditures have remained relatively steady over the last two years, we may be required to make increased levels of maintenance capital expenditures in the future as we start to operate at higher utilization rates.
For the year ended December 31, 2014, and excluding any potential acquisitions, we expect our total capital expenditures will be approximately 23 million, which includes approximately 3 million currently committed in connection with the potential second phase of our Russian expansion. See "--Key Factors Affecting Our Future Results of Operations--Further Russian expansion'' and "Business--Divisions--Russian expansion.'' The second phase of our Russian expansion remains subject to internal approval, which we would not expect to receive prior to the second half of 2014. In the event that we proceed with the second phase of our Russian expansion, we estimate that we will make total capital expenditures in the amount of approximately 75 million during the 18 to 24 month period following any decision to proceed with the project. We expect that we would fund these capital expenditures using cash generated by our operating activities.
In connection with the planned closure of our Lappeenranta manufacturing facility in 2016, we estimate that we will incur capital expenditures of approximately 7 million in connection with the transfer process, as well as demolition, land clearing and remediation costs of approximately 9 million. Furthermore, we expect that we will incur productivity losses, labor efficiency losses and other incremental costs during the transfer period. See ``--Key Factors Affecting Our Future Results o f Operations--Lappeenranta closure" and "Business--Divisions--Production facilities and inter-segment sales--Lappeenranta closure."
See also "--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations-- Geographic expansion and capital expenditures. "
Long-term indebtedness outstanding upon completion of the Transactions
