Credit risk with respect to our other financial assets, primarily comprising cash and cash equivalents, arises from the risk that the relevant counterparty becomes insolvent and is unable to return the deposited funds as a result of the insolvency. To mitigate this risk, we seek to transact and deposit funds with high-quality financial institutions that we deem to be creditworthy, and we monitor transaction volumes in order to reduce the risk of concentration of our transactions with any single counterparty.
We are exposed to commodity price risk from price volatility with respect to raw materials, energy and other input factors for our production processes. Raw materials (including stone, coke, binder, steel, coatings and adhesives) and electricity used in our production processes represent a significant proportion of our cost of sales. Collectively, raw materials and energy cost accounted for 36% of our cost of sales in the year ended December 31, 2013. See "--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations--Raw materials and energy cost.' The prices for our raw materials and energy requirements have fluctuated significantly in the past for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control. In particular, we have experienced significant volatility with respect to coke prices in recent years. Coke prices spiked in 2011 with an increase in price of approximately 28% over the previous year, but over the course of 2012 and 2013 prices have declined significantly. The falling price of coke over the last two years has been partially offset by an increase in the price of binder. Binder pricing fluctuates from year to year and is impacted mainly by movements in the market price for certain constituent chemicals (namely phenol, urea and methanol), as well as any material changes in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate. The average price for binder has increased in each of the last three years. Together, coke and binder represented approximately 50% of our total raw material costs for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our total energy cost is driven by cost for the supply of electricity used in connection with our furnace processes. In the year ended December 31, 2013, our total energy cost (excluding coke) amounted to 27.5 million and accounted for 9% of our cost of sales.
106
In order to manage the risk of fluctuations in raw material and energy prices, we enter into supply agreements covering significant portions of our expected raw material and energy requirements for set periods of time, which may be on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis depending on the nature of the supply agreement. If raw material or energy prices decline after we have entered into the relevant supply agreement, we may have to pay prices under the agreement which are in excess of prevailing spot market prices, which may adversely impact our results of operations. We also seek to mitigate the risk of fluctuations in raw materials cost by implementing measures designed to improve efficiency of consumption, as well as using alternative, cheaper raw materials where possible. For example, with respect to stone, we generally try to source our supply locally and as close as possible to our manufacturing facilities and often seek to substitute virgin stone for cheaper industrial residual materials. With respect to coke, most of our requirements are now sourced on a quarterly basis from suppliers in Poland and Ukraine, on a semi-annual basis from suppliers in Spain and on an occasional basis from suppliers in Italy, which means we benefit from a better security of supply and improved logistics, working capital and price leverage as compared to our previous arrangements with suppliers in China. Coke prices are negotiated largely based on Australian coking coal price trends. For example, the significant spike that we experienced in 2011 with respect to coke prices was primarily the result of severe flooding in Queensland, which is a key region in the global supply of coking coal. With respect to binder, pricing under our current supply arrangements is agreed each month on a spot basis and is indexed to price movements in phenol, urea and methanol. With respect to electricity, we consume approximately half of our electricity requirements in Sweden and Finland, with the remaining half consumed in Lithuania and Poland. Under our electricity hedging policy, we mitigate the risk of fluctuations in electricity prices in Sweden and Finland by estimating our electricity consumption over a rolling three-year period and fixing prices each year for a specified percentage of our estimated usage for that year. We fix prices for between 75% and 85% of our estimated consumption in the first year, between 35% and 45% in the second year and between 10% and 20% in the third year. In Lithuania and Poland, we enter into long-term contracts with the relevant suppliers and fix prices for our electricity consumption on an annual basis. Although historically we have generally been able to pass on increases in costs with respect to raw materials and energy to our customers by increasing prices for our products, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. See ``-- Competition and pricing'' below. See also "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- Our business may be negatively affected by volatility in raw and other material prices, our inability to retain or replace our key suppliers, unexpected supply shortages and disruptions o f the supply chain'' and "--Increased energy cost or disruptions in energy supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations."
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
This "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" discusses our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the relevant period. Certain estimates and assumptions are particularly sensitive because of their complexity, and although estimates and assumptions are based on management's best knowledge of current events and circumstances, the actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates and assumptions, and such differences may be material. We evaluate such estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis based upon historical results and experience, in consultation with experts and using other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances, as well as our forecasts regarding future changes. Estimates and assumptions are particularly necessary for the measurement of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets (such as trademarks and goodwill) and non-current carbon dioxide emission certificates, as well as for the measurement of deferred taxes and warranty provisions.
This discussion of critical accounting policies and estimates is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by IFRS, with no need for management's judgment regarding accounting policy. We believe that of our significant accounting policies, the following policies may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity.
107
Impairment testing for goodwill and other intangible assets
