107
We test goodwill, intangible assets not yet available for use and intangible assets with indefinite lives (including the Paroc brand) for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that there might be impairment. The impairment test involves allocating goodwill and such other intangible assets to certain cash-generating units ("CGUs") based on the Group's reporting structure and making a determination of fair value. When the fair value is lower than the carrying amount of the relevant CGU, an impairment charge is recognized on the goodwill allocated to the CGU. Any impairment charges arising as a result of the impairment test are recognized in the statement of comprehensive income. The allocation of goodwill to a CGU and the determination of fair value require assumptions and estimates with respect to future cash flows which are based on business expectations, discount rates and other factors which may change over time. Changes in future projected cash flows and discount rates applied may lead to impairment charges in future periods. See "Note 2--Summary of significant accounting policies--Uncertainty related to critical accounting estimates--Impairment testing'' and "Note 12--Intangible assets'' of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities
Management judgment is required in connection with the calculation of the provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities. At each balance sheet date, management reviews the carrying amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities and exercises judgment as to whether it is probable that our subsidiaries will have sufficient taxable income against which unused tax losses or unused tax credits can be utilized. We have recorded significant deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are expected to affect our operating results over future periods. The various factors on which management's judgment is based may differ from the actual outcome (for example, tax laws may be enacted that impose restrictions on the realization of deferred tax assets, or the level of actual taxable income may not be sufficient in the future), which could lead to significant adjustments being made to the amount of deferred tax assets expensed in the statement of income and affect our operating results. See "Note 2--Summary of significant accounting policies-- Uncertainty related to critical accounting estimates--Income taxes'' of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Pension obligations and employee benefits
We operate a mixture of pension and other post-employment benefit schemes. Several statistical and other actuarial assumptions are used in calculating the expense and liability related to the plans. These factors include, among others, assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and changes in future compensation. Statistical information used may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, changes in service period of plan participants or changes in other factors. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. Significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect the future amounts of the defined benefit obligation and future expense. See "Note 2--Summary of significant accounting policies--Uncertainty related to critical accounting estimates--Employee benefits'' of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
The following standards and interpretations (in some cases revised or amended) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("I4SB") and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee ("IFRIC") were mandatory for the first time effective from January 1, 2013 and applied by us during the year ended December 31, 2013:
· Amendment to IAS 19 (Employee Benefits)--The amendment eliminates the so-called "corridor approach'' and mandates recognition of all actuarial gains and losses directly in other comprehensive income as they occur. Furthermore, all past service costs are to be recognized immediately and finance costs are calculated on a net funding basis.
