The following standards and interpretations (in some cases revised or amended) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("I4SB") and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee ("IFRIC") were mandatory for the first time effective from January 1, 2013 and applied by us during the year ended December 31, 2013:
· IFRS 13 (Fair Value Measurement)--The new standard aims to improve consistency and reduce complexity by providing a precise definition of fair value and a single source of fair value measurement with additional disclosure requirements for use across various effective IFRSs. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
108
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The fair value of a liability therefore reflects non-performance risk. The requirements, now largely aligned between IFRS and U.S. GAAP, do not mandate or extend the use of fair value accounting, but provide guidance on how to apply fair value measurements where already required or permitted by other standards. We have not experienced any significant impact on our net assets, financial position and results of operations as a result of the adoption of the new or amended standards described above. For information regarding new or amended standards and interpretations issued by the IASB and IFRIC which are not yet effective, and which have not yet been adopted by the Group in its consolidated financial statements, see "Note 2--Summary of significant accounting policies--Standards, amendments and interpretations to existing standards that are not yet effective" of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
109
INDUSTRY
Introduction
The insulation industry is an integral part of the construction industry and is thus directly affected by developments and changes in activity in the construction sector. Several macroeconomic factors influence the size and growth of the construction industry, including changes in GDP growth rates, changes in household income and inflation, business cycles, government debt, the availability of credit for potential home owners and investors, tax incentives and subsidies, interest rate levels, the state of the housing market and demographic trends. Historically, levels of construction output have demonstrated a strong correlation with general economic growth: during periods of GDP growth, construction output generally increases and during periods of stagnating or decreasing GDP, construction output decreases. Because we also operate in the technical insulation sector, we are also affected by developments in the wider industrials sector which is correlated to industrial production growth and in turn to GDP growth. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--Difficult conditions in the general economy and the global financial markets may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the majority of our sales are concentrated in a limited number of markets'' and "-- The construction industry is cyclical in nature and subject to seasonality. ''
Insulation is used extensively in the construction industry as well as in niche segments of manufacturing and process industries. Insulation is a key input factor to reduce energy and temperature loss from buildings or machinery, offer protection against fire, improve sound insulation and room acoustics. In buildings, insulation can dramatically reduce energy consumption, and of currently available technologies, is the cheapest way to increase energy efficiency. In light of heightening global concerns as to greenhouse gas emission, energy security and efficiency and costs and ongoing and related regulatory scrutiny, these qualities provide a strong driver for developers and regulators to increasingly seek to use or demand the use of high-quality insulation.
