Stone wool is mainly used for insulation products used in residential, industrial and commercial construction. Stone wool products are also used in other applications, such as acoustics and fire protection. Alternative materials to stone wool insulation include glass wool and various foam-based insulation, such as Expanded Polystyrene ("EPS"), Rigid Polyurethane ("PUR") and Extruded Polystyrene ("XPS"). Individual application specifications may however impact the interchangeability of the insulation materials, and it is only in a relatively limited subset of applications where mineral wool insulation (comprising stone wool and glass wool) can be substituted for foam insulation. Mineral wool (comprising stone wool and glass wool) is the primary material used in building and technical insulation, with the highest market penetration. Mineral wool typically does not materially overlap with foam insulation in building or technical insulation uses. However, there is a material area of overlap between mineral wool and foam insulation in external facades and roofs, as well as in sandwich panels, where mineral wool and foams are relatively more substitutable. Within the category of mineral wool, stone wool and glass wool are close substitutes with relatively little differentiation in building insulation, and given the similarities in properties, application and production, the main competitor to stone wool is glass wool. The main advantage of stone wool is a higher fire resistance, which drives the higher share in process and marine segments. Stone wool is also generally perceived by customers to be easier to install. Glass wool in contrast is easier to transport than stone wool due to better compressibility and is cheaper than stone wool in low density insulation products. Typically, the choice of insulation used in construction activities varies by market and depends to a considerable degree on regional and local building traditions, exterior climate and applicable technical and legal construction requirements. In addition to specific requirement in the geographic markets, the choice of building material also depends on design requirements, relative product price, transportation and construction cost and brand and product awareness.
In mature markets, building materials, such as insulation, are predominantly sold through dealers (i.e., wholesale builders' merchants and do-it-yourself retail stores (DIY)) and, to a lesser degree (though subject to differences by regional markets), through direct sales to customers. Sales activities of manufacturers of building materials differ significantly between dealer sales and direct sales.
In dealer sales the ultimate customers are typically small and medium-sized contractors, retailers and private homeowners. However, these customers are accessed through dealers with whom building
111
materials manufacturers have direct contractual relationships. Dealers can come in the form of wholesale builders' merchant distribution outlets aimed mainly at professionals, including bigger multinationals (such as Wolseley (i.e., DT Group, including Beijer, Stark and Starkki), Optimera and Rautakesko) as well as big local entities (such as Interpares and Maxbo). Alternatively, dealers can come in the form of retail outlets focused more on private end-customer DIY markets, such as Byggmax, Hornbach and Bauhaus. Dealers generally perform several functions. With respect to logistics and warehousing, they are responsible for managing inventories in various product categories and specific product ranges and shipping products from their warehouses or the manufacturers' warehouses to construction sites. Dealers also provide display areas for building materials products and provide advice and technical assistance to their customers. In addition, dealers invoice their end customers and thereby extend credit through payment terms and assume the risk of their customers' default. Physical deliveries to end customers are often made directly from building materials manufacturers to construction sites, without building materials physically going through builders merchants' warehouses. Under these circumstances, the function of dealers is often reduced to invoicing their end customers. The degree of involvement of dealers into sales processes varies by region, manufacturer and product. In direct sales activities the principal customer targets are national and regional construction companies, housing developers, contractors and large industrial customers. These customers generally purchase significant volumes for use in major projects (such as large housing developments) and are focused on cost-effective product solutions, a steady supply chain and reliable service from insulation suppliers. To target market participants successfully, a business must demonstrate to potential customers that it is a reliable and efficient contracting partner (usually through a wide product range, high product quality, a reliable and accurate delivery service, comprehensive technical and product support and strong branding), and convey this message to the key decision makers for the ultimate customer (such as the architects and developers that influence bid invitations and specify building material types). The graph below shows the typical relationships between manufacturers of insulation, builders merchants, customers and various groups of decision makers in mature markets (dotted lines indicating relationships between parties other than with manufacturers). Additionally, direct deliveries occur to original equipment manufacturers such as producers of pre-fabricated wall-building elements, producers of pre-fabricated houses and construction sites with special logistical requirements.
Distribution of Building Material Products in Mature Markets
Create demand and influence supplier decisions through pre-sales
Supply The European mineral wool market is characterized by a small number of large pan-European manufacturers who account for the majority of the market. Among the suppliers of mineral wool in Europe, Rockwool, Saint Gobain, Uralita, Knauf and TechnoNICOL are our main competitors. Rockwool
112
