Our experienced and committed management team led by Kari Lehtinen, our Chief Executive Officer, and Anders Dahlblom, our Chief Financial Officer, is a key factor in the continuing success of our business. Our management team has a strong background in manufacturing businesses, with an average of approximately 18 years of industry experience. Our management team has implemented a comprehensive business plan that we believe will allow us to protect our market share in our home markets and capture growth in our other focus markets. In addition, our management team includes a strong senior management team, with the division heads representing a combined total of 89 years' industry experience, with 61 years at Paroc Group.
We believe we have a strong business platform across our established divisions. We will continue to leverage our strengths and drive improvements based on the following key strategies:
Maintain existing presence and grow market share in home markets, with continued innovation and expansion of our product and solution offering
In our home markets of Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States, our key priority is to maintain and protect our existing market leadership positions through a continuing commitment to innovation, in particular through the creation and development of what we believe to be superior, premium insulation products.
We are highly motivated to improve and develop our product and service offering, as we pursue innovation through research and development projects. In our BI division, we intend to strengthen our product offering in the renovation and low lambda segments (where "lambda'' is a measure of the insulating capacity of a product for a given thickness, with lower values indicating a better insulating capacity). The renovation sector is attractive as it tends to be less vulnerable to market cyclicalities than the new build construction sector, and lower lambda products are appealing to customers because they provide the same level of insulation with a thinner insulation layer or provide a higher level of insulation with the same insulation thickness. In our TI division, we intend to focus on the development of new HVAC solutions, as well as oil & gas and marine product certifications, since product certifications are vital to our key TI end-market customers. Externally, we are focused on enhancing our existing products and developing new products to meet our customers' known and anticipated needs. Internally, we are focused on innovation across the organization, including integrating new technologies and adopting new methods of working with our customers. We also intend to strengthen our dealer network to set ourselves apart as the supplier of choice in our other focus markets. In our PPS division, we intend to focus on value-add services to our products, utilizing our skilled staff to develop tailored solutions for our customers' projects, ensure smooth implementation of those projects and provide technical advice on the design and selection of structural solutions.
Grow our market share in other focus markets with existing proven products
In our BI division, our strategic priority is to secure a recognized market position, which we aim to achieve by growing faster than the underlying construction market with modest share gains, driven by strong brand positioning and an active sales strategy of dealer and contractor targeting.
121
In our TI division, our strategy is to strengthen our market positioning and grow market share in certain core end-markets, by leveraging our state-of-the-art technical insulation manufacturing capability at our Trzemeszno facility. This growth is expected to be led by our HVAC offering, and strengthening our dealer network will be highly important to achieving these strategic objectives. Outside of Europe, where we sell technical insulation on a project basis, we intend to take a highly selective and opportunistic approach to project sales, with a focus on larger-scale industrial projects with higher value-added products. In our PPS division, our strategy is to emphasize our panels' design and aesthetics, and the fact that our product offering includes the materials needed to complete a panel wall structure. Focus on the growth potential in Russia and capitalize on our in-country manufacturing presence Our recent investment in our new Tver manufacturing facility in Russia, which began meaningful commercial production in January 2014, has provided us with an in-country manufacturing presence and will enable us to serve the growing Russian market. Although we had previously sold our products in Russia through sales offices, developing an in-country manufacturing presence has reduced the transportation costs required to serve the market and has allowed us to avoid the significant tariffs on our imported products, which had previously limited the profitability of our Russian sales. We intend to use the quality of our product offering and our brand strength to modestly grow market share. We anticipate that demand in the Russian market will support our new Tver manufacturing facility operating at high capacity utilization from the second year of its operation. Although no decision has yet been made, detailed plans are being considered for the addition of a second production line in Tver for the manufacture of base stone wool, as well as the addition of new machinery that would provide us with off line TI production capacity, which would double base production capacity in Russia and allow us to take advantage of growing Russian demand for technical insulation solutions. Drive further efficiency and cost savings through operational excellence We plan to improve efficiency and cost savings through a continued focus on research and development. We have implemented our ``Operational Excellence'' plan, which is a clear and detailed cost savings program through which we have delivered, and believe we will continue to deliver, significant savings. We anticipate that these savings will primarily come from our Base Production division, with one of the key sources of cost reduction expected to be energy efficiency measures applied throughout the production process. Through these initiatives, we believe we can manage our cost base more effectively and generate margin enhancement through operational leverage if we increase production over the medium term.
