(5) The total amounts presented include internal sales in the amount of A13.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, A17.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 and A17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013.
Base Production
Our Base Production division is responsible for producing all of the stone wool for our Building Insulation and Technical Insulation divisions, developing proprietary production technology and stone wool properties and managing capacity utilization (including warehousing and deliveries) across the Paroc Group. As of March 31, 2014, we operated eight production plants in five different countries with 13 Base Production lines producing stone wool. Production sites are managed as a network with production costs allocated to the most cost-efficient plant, taking into account distribution costs. All of our internal sales to other divisions are at a fixed cost agreed at the beginning of each year.
Raw materials
The main raw materials for the production of stone wool are stone raw materials, coke, binding agents, coatings and adhesives and steel (for sandwich panels only). The purchase of the majority of key raw materials is undertaken centrally, and in recent years we have diversified our sourcing to reduce over reliance on a small number of suppliers.
123
Stone and quarries
The quality of stone used in the production process is critical to the quality of the wool produced. We try to source our stone as locally as possible to our production facilities due to high transportation costs, although certain types of stone are transported from Finland to some of our plants. The stones we transport from our quarries in Finland are important to our production processes due to their unique chemical composition and the fact that they are more difficult to source from third parties.
We currently hold eight mining districts (i.e., mining concessions) in Finland: Joutsenenlampi, Lehlampi, Ybbersnas, Sallittu, Vanhasuo, Metsasianniemi, Natramala and Kangas. We own the two real property sites included in the Joutsenenlampi mining district, pay a leasing fee for the land on which the Sallittu and the Kangas districts are located, and for the other five quarries, we do not lease the land, but pay the statutory mining excavation fee. We do not currently conduct quarrying activities at the Kangas and Natramala mining districts and hold these sites as reserve sites. After the closure of our Lappeenranta facility, we will likely also hold the Vanhasuo mining district as a reserve site. Our quarries are ISO 9001 and 14001 certified, and operations in our quarries are conducted by third parties.
