The quality of stone used in the production process is critical to the quality of the wool produced. We try to source our stone as locally as possible to our production facilities due to high transportation costs, although certain types of stone are transported from Finland to some of our plants. The stones we transport from our quarries in Finland are important to our production processes due to their unique chemical composition and the fact that they are more difficult to source from third parties.
For the year ended December 31, 2013, we supplied approximately 30% of the total raw stone material that our operations required from quarries over which we have mining rights. We acquired the balance of our stone requirements from third parties. Certain of the stones we require for our production processes are more difficult to source from third parties, and we have the ability to source these stones from quarries over which we have mining rights for the medium- to long-term. We have applied for mining district decisions at the Teerisuo and Longanlampi quarries, which, when granted, will increase our reserves of these stones that are more difficult to source from third parties. For information on the permitting process, see "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- Our licenses, permits and certifications may be suspended, amended or terminated prior to the end of their terms or may not be renewed" and "Regulation."
If necessary, we have a substitute supplier of one type of stone that is more difficult to source from third parties, which we use instead of our own stone when it is cost effective to do so. We can substitute slag (non-virgin material, which is a residual product from other industrial processes, for example, steel making) for another type of less readily available stone, but this is not easily available, as we can only use slag of suitable chemical composition. Slag is currently used in our Polish operations, and we are considering the expansion of slag usage to other production sites. The main driver in the use of slag is cost, specifically logistics costs. We estimate that it would cost approximately 50,000 per plant in research and development and other costs implement the use of slag instead of this virgin stone across all our production facilities. This estimated cost does not include possible losses in productivity or higher scrapping costs. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- The quality of our stone wool products depends upon our ability to successfully exploit existing resources of stone raw materials that are difficult to source from third parties and acquire and develop further stone raw material resources at competitive costs. Delay or failure in acquiring, developing and completing development projects could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows."
Other raw materials
The quality of coke (a fuel made from coking coal, a low-ash, low-sulfur bituminous coal) is also important, as variation in the quality and size of coke can materially impact the output of stone wool production. The furnaces used in this process are unique, and are calibrated over years to ensure optimal performance. We currently source the coke we use from a steel producer in Poland and other suppliers in Spain, Italy and Ukraine. Negotiated prices are generally based on trends in Australian coking coal prices. Although we use coke as our primary melting energy source, electricity is used on two lines and for general production needs. Because of the recent political instability in the Ukraine, we have put in place contingency plans to source our coke from the Czech Republic and Poland if the need arises. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- Our business may be negatively affected by volatility in raw and other material prices, our inability to retain or replace our key suppliers, unexpected supply shortages and disruptions of the supply chain."
We use an industry standard phenol-based binder. While such a binder is available from other suppliers, switching suppliers would require extensive testing. We are in the process of testing a new form of binder which would decrease emissions levels, however, we expect that this will increase costs. The pricing of the binder fluctuates annually, impacted primarily by changes in the component pricing for phenol, urea and methanol, in addition to any material change in the euro to US dollar exchange rate.
124
Production process
There are seven key processes to the manufacture of stone wool: raw material handling, melting, spinning, wool collection, curing, cutting and packaging.
