Our Building Insulation division is the marketing and distribution operation for the stone wool insulation produced by our Base Production division for residential and non-residential buildings (for both new-build and renovation construction markets). The BI division does not have its own production lines or manufacturing capacity. BI sends its product orders to the Base Production division which manufacturers and delivers the product to the end customer. Products in the BI division range from general building insulation to more specialized acoustic or fire protection insulation products, with the majority marketed through the PAROC® brand. General building insulation is the largest business segment within BI. The majority of the BI division's stone wool products are manufactured by our Base Production division, with the exception of some more specialized acoustics and roofing products, which are produced by our Technical Insulation division for our BI division. The BI division also sells panel stone wool internally to our PPS division and also sells insulation for pre-fabricated panels to third parties across Europe.
Product Offerings
We offer a wide product assortment of BI products in each of the following categories.
125
General building insulation
We manufacture a range of general insulation products designed for use in walls, roofs and flooring, including flexible slabs and mats (multi-purpose general thermal insulation), blowing wool (for lofts), wall insulation and boards (both semi-rigid and rigid) and wind protection slabs (tough, windproof panels with Tyvek® special facing). General building insulation generated sales of 83 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 36% of BI's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
Roof insulation
We manufacture slabs designed for thermal insulation as an underlayer and single layers for flat roofs, as well as boards used for top layer insulation, and are also now introducing roofing insulation. Roof insulation generated sales of 46 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 20% of Bl's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
Rendered facade insulation
