We manufacture a wide range of acoustic tiles for suspended ceilings as well as for wall mounting in a number of applications under the PARAFON® brand name. Our acoustic products are manufactured in Skovde, Sweden, and are designed to absorb sounds that might otherwise be reflected and create an unpleasant indoor environment. The absorption coefficient for stone wool is ~0.90-1.00 (frequencies above 500 Hz) which means that 90%-100% of the sound will be absorbed by the acoustic product. Acoustic products generated sales of 15 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 6% of BI's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
We manufacture special stone wool insulation for foundations and cellar walls. A major issue when designing foundations is "frost heave,'' which results from ice forming beneath the surface of the soil when there are freezing conditions in the atmosphere. Frost heave cracks foundations and can damage the entire structure of a building. Our ground insulation stone wool products are designed to stop frost heave and moisture problems. Ground insulation generated sales of 2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 1% of Bl's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
Customers and marketing
In the BI division, the main customer base is the building construction industry, which we reach through various distribution channels. The primary distribution channel is through dealers, accounting for 43% of total BI division sales (on a gross basis excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013,
126
which encompasses wholesalers of insulation as well as DIY-type stores. The two other major customers groups are building contractors and construction companies (28% of total BI division sales (on a gross basis excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013) (that, depending on their size, may buy direct from Paroc) and industrial customers, such as pre-fabricated house manufacturers and panel manufacturers, where insulation is a major component of their product (24% of total BI division sales (on a gross basis excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013). Of total BI division sales (on a gross basis excluding Russia), 4% represented sales to other customers.
Our BI division marketing effort is focused on product positioning across geographies and on new product development through collaboration with the Base Production division and investment in R&D programs. We also focus on obtaining the requisite product approvals and certifications, following market trends and regulatory requirements, as well as lobbying with industry groups for better insulation requirements. We dedicate a considerable amount of time to educating and training staff in the uses and benefits of Paroc insulation. The main avenue for targeting customers is by way of direct interaction with key accounts, supported by brochures and internet services, and the occasional use of the media in local geographies.
Technical Insulation
Overview
