Technical Insulation
Our Technical Insulation division produces high-quality stone wool products used in specialized industrial and technical applications. Because the TI division's products are tailored for specific customer applications, the TI division has its own manufacturing capacity, using stone wool produced by the Base Production division to produce the more customized TI products. Products in the TI division are primarily used to provide insulation from heat, fire, condensation and sound, including products designed to meet regulatory requirements. TI products are supplied to four key end-markets: HVAC, process industries, marine and offshore and OEM. The TI division also sells specialized acoustics and roofing products to the BI division. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Technical Insulation division generated sales of 150.9 million (with external sales of 133.5 million, or 30.8% of our total sales). Geographically, we estimate that by market share, we are the market leader in each of Finland and Sweden, among the top two in the market comprising the Baltic States, Poland, Ukraine, Belarus, Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic and Hungary, and among the top three in the market comprising Norway and Denmark.
Production process
Given the high-specialized nature of our TI products, the TI division has its own proprietary manufacturing capability to turn stone wool from the Base Production division into TI products, both the more standardized TI products (including pipe sections and wired mats) produced on the TI production lines and "special products'' (including OEM products and specialized HVAC products) produced with specialized machinery designed for "special product production." Base Production supplies intermediate stone wool products (raw, uncured wool and basic slabs and mats) to TI at full manufacturing cost. TI has its own operators and machines to manufacture our most customized products, and our TI manufacturing is closely configured with Base Production. We expect to have sufficient capacity to 2018, and there is the potential to increase pipe section production capability in 2019 if volumes grow strongly in the intervening period.
We make the following products in the TI division that have applications in our key end-markets: pipe sections (one of our key product lines), segments/bends, wired mats, lamella mats, slabs with facings, non-faced slabs, high temperature bricks (production was discontinued in February 2014) and OEM products. Pipe sections are made from raw, uncured wool from our Base Production division that is unrolled, cut to size, rolled and compressed to pipe, cured and packaged. Wire net mats are made from a mat of stone wool from our Base Production division that is cut to size and a wire net attached. Lamella mats are made from a slab of stone wool from our Base Production division that is cut, reoriented with a facing attached. The TI division also has R&D programs for its applications and products.
There are 18 TI production lines at four plants (Lappeenranta (4), of which two TI production lines will be shut down in 2014 with the remaining two TI production lines shut down in 2016 (see ``--Production facilities and inter-segment sales--Lappeenranta closure" for more information), Hallekis (2), Skovde (2) and Trzemeszno (10)), with special product production equipment at Hallekis, Trzemeszno and Skovde.
127
Product offerings, key markets and customers
Given the higher value-added nature of TI's products, our TI division achieves higher margins than our BI division. In addition, the TI division is able to sell to a wider geographic area, given the lower margin dilution impact of transportation costs versus BI products. As a consequence, we are able to selectively supply TI products to high-value, high-margin products outside of our core European markets.
