We currently own 332 registered trademarks and 513 registered patents (and patent applications) worldwide. Our most important patents focus on the production of mineral wool, including raw material mix, the methods and process of mineral wool manufacturing and related equipment. Our proprietary technology differentiates our products, and we focus on developing and protecting intellectual property as part of our drive for innovation.
We are not aware of any major legal proceedings that have been brought against us for infringement of a patent or trademark or of any proceedings brought against any of our patents that could have a material adverse effect on our business if we would not prevail in such proceedings. We have regularly taken action to assert our intellectual property rights and we cooperate with local authorities against product piracy. We do, from time to time, face incidents of infringement of our intellectual property, and currently there are
135
two companies which may be infringing upon our patented technology, and we are in the process of evaluating the proper course of action. We have recently settled a dispute with another company over the other company's use of red and white stripes. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--Any threat to, or impairment of, our intellectual property rights could cause us to incur costs to defend these rights."
In addition, our expansion into the Russian market has brought with it certain challenges with respect to intellectual property. For example, we face challenges in properly documenting trademark licensing from the Paroc Group to our Russian operations, filing trademark applications in Russia for all product names, filing for intellectual property protection in Belarus and Kazakhstan (both of which are in a customs union with Russia), the establishment of a proper legal framework for the protection of commercial secrets and doing diligence on potential imitators in the Russian market. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--Any threat to, or impairment of, our intellectual property rights could cause us to incur costs to defend these rights." We are in the process of addressing these challenges to ensure protection of our intellectual property.
Safety systems
In 2011, we established a health and safety program with the goal of becoming an accident-free workplace. The Occupational Health and Safety ("OHS") function of the Group is situated in the Base Production division, supporting operations at all sites. The OHS function is steered by a Group-wide Health and Safety steering group, and line organization functions are supported through a Group-wide OHS team. The site supervisor at each of our facilities acts as the health and safety manager.
Over 2011-2013, the number of accidents at our sites has decreased from 126 in 2011 to 56 in 2012 to 40 in 2013, and lost-time injury frequency per million hours of work ("LTIF 1") decreased from 25.1 in 2011 to 12.4 in 2012 to 8.3 in 2013 and lost-time injury frequency resulting in leave of three or more days per million hours of work (``LTIF 3") decreased from 17.9 in 2011 to 8.3 in 2012 to 4.9 in 2013. We have taken a number of actions designed to maintain a safe environment at our sites: openly presenting the accident status of each site, properly marking safe passageways in factories, tracking safety performance indicators, recording incidents, identifying their causes and putting remedial actions into place where warranted and conducting safety inspections of our sites.
The Trzemeszno facility is the only facility with a ISO18001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management) certificate, however we believe that all of our facilities operate to the ISO18001 standard, and we hope that the other sites will be certified over the next several years. Our Finnish organization has been a member of the Zero Accident Forum (which is coordinated by the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health) since 2011.
