Apart from the statutory old age pension, the main pension schemes operated in Sweden are pension obligations derived from the applicable collective bargaining agreements. For blue collar employees the SAF/LO pension scheme applies with pension premiums paid to Fora and for white collar employees the ITP pension plan applies with pension premiums paid to Collectum/Alecta. It should be noted that pension obligations in relation to white collar employees under the ITP pension plan up to and including March 1994 is primarily a PRI solution. A PRI solution enables a company to retain the pension capital within the company. Under the PRI plan, the company makes an annual provision in its balance sheet corresponding to the value of accrued pension entitlements. The current pension obligations are both defined benefit and defined contribution plans depending on the age of the employee and the applicable collective agreement. A couple of key employees are entitled to an additional pension arrangement. The employees are under the collective bargaining agreements covered by certain collectively agreed insurances such as work injury insurance and group life insurance. The old pension liability in Sweden for white collar employees is still accounted for as a defined benefit plan in the financial statements (retirement obligation up to March 31, 1994). The current pension plan (for white collar employees) has been accounted for as a defined contribution plan in our financial statements included herein.
Properties
Finland
We own 11 properties in Finland, including one quarry and the production facility sites at Oulu and Parainen. We also lease a number of properties, including the land on which production facilities are
139
located and a landfill site (both at Lappeenranta, which is in the process of being shut down, see ``Divisions--Production facilities and inter-segment sales--Lappeenranta closure"), pay leasing fees for the Sallittu and Kangas quarries, office premises (including at Parainen), land and a landfill site. We also hold mining district decisions (mining concessions) for eight quarries in Finland.
Sweden
We own three properties in Sweden, including three tracts of land for industrial purposes (relating to the Hällekis and Hässleholm production sites). We also lease certain other properties, including for industrial purposes, landfill sites, office space and storage space. We also lease the property and buildings for our Skovde production plant.
Poland
