Hazardous Substances
In Finland, the handling and storage of hazardous substances might be subject to an environmental permit if such activities pose a threat of environmental pollution in accordance with the Finnish Environmental Protection Act. The storage and handling of hazardous substances is also regulated by the Finnish Hazardous Chemicals and Explosives Safety Act, which aims to prevent damages caused by the production, usage, transfer, storage and other handling of hazardous chemicals and explosives. The industrial processing and storage of hazardous chemicals on a large scale is subject to a permit granted by TUKES. In this case the operator is also required to prepare an internal emergency plan. If the industrial processing and storage of hazardous chemicals is on a smaller scale, the operator is still required to notify TUKES of its activities. Prevention of industrial accidents is regulated under the Finnish Environmental Protection Act. The environmental permit authority is obligated to include adequate permit conditions regarding the prevention of accidents and the limitation of their consequences. These permit conditions usually include obligations to submit adequate safety plans for exceptional situations such as accidents.
At our sites and facilities, we frequently handle and use hazardous substances. Explosive materials may be used for blasting in connection with the extraction of raw materials in our quarries. Although we believe that our operations are in material compliance with safety requirements, findings of insufficient protection against spills and uncontrolled release of substances could result in capital expenditures for technical improvements or maintenance to ensure future compliance.
145
Excavation of Stone Resources
In Finland, the excavation of stone resources is subject to the Mining Act (621/2011, Kaivoslaki), which governs the extraction and exploitation of mining minerals. Mining minerals include metal minerals, industrial minerals, marble and soapstone. The minerals extracted to make stone wool are considered to be industrial minerals, but may also contain certain metal minerals. Industrial scale exploration and extraction of mining minerals may only be carried out pursuant to various mining rights.
Title to minerals is obtained through a claim system where the first applicant of a mining right receives a priority over later applications in respect of the deposit in question. All mining right applications are handled on a first-come, first-served basis and the Finnish State does not have discretion in respect of the applicant or its perceived capability (compared to others) to carry out exploration or mining activities. The extent of actions that can be taken based on each different mining right varies, but the extraction of mining minerals is only possible based on a mining permit (the permits granted to companies based on applications made prior to July 1, 2011 are called "mining district decisions") and the stipulations provided therein. The permit enables the permit holder to exploit the minerals found within the mining permit area as well as the by-products obtained in connection with mining (overburden, waste rock and tailings). The exploitation also requires that the holder of the mining permit secures the necessary surface rights for such exploitation. The surface rights may either be purchased or leased from private landowners or alternatively the right to use the land can be expropriated in connection with the permitting process. However, expropriation in connection with mining permit applications filed on or after July 1, 2011 requires a permit from the Council of State (Cabinet). Mining district decisions are valid until further notice, although the review of permit stipulations is done at regular intervals. Mining permits can be awarded for a fixed time (e.g., if the resource is limited) but are as a general rule awarded until further notice.
All mining operations are subject to the requirements in the Finnish Environmental Protection Act. Mining is possible only if the relevant operator company is awarded an environmental permit for its operations. Further, other required permits include, for example, a mining safety permit. The drainage of the mining area and the right to take water from bodies of water are subject to permitting procedures in the Water Act (587/2011, Vesilaki). Building all relevant road connections, as well as intersections, requires specific permits from the transportation authorities. Chemicals usage requires its own permits from TUKES.
Such permits may be subject to stringent requirements to ensure an environmentally sound excavation process in compliance with environmental laws. Operational permits such as land extraction permits, mining permits and environmental permits typically require remediation, recultivation and renaturation of the mining areas after excavation of raw materials, and operators are obliged to bear any cost in connection with such obligations including the post-closure monitoring of the closed sites. Moreover, under Finnish tort law, the operator of a permitted quarrying operation may be held liable for damage resulting from such operations to third parties if the causality between the operations and the damage is probable. In the Finnish context liability is limited to full compensation for all damage caused (i.e., punitive damages are not awarded) including economic damage, if such damage is not insignificant.
