All mining operations are subject to the requirements in the Finnish Environmental Protection Act. Mining is possible only if the relevant operator company is awarded an environmental permit for its operations. Further, other required permits include, for example, a mining safety permit. The drainage of the mining area and the right to take water from bodies of water are subject to permitting procedures in the Water Act (587/2011, Vesilaki). Building all relevant road connections, as well as intersections, requires specific permits from the transportation authorities. Chemicals usage requires its own permits from TUKES.
Mining permits expire when the operations end. If the permit holder has not initiated mining activity or such preparatory work which indicates that the permit holder is seriously intending to conduct mining operations, the Mining Authority may terminate the permit. If the operations have been suspended for a minimum of five years or if the mining operations are considered to have actually ended, the Mining Authority may terminate the permit.
The Mining Authority may within its discretion, under certain circumstances, choose not to terminate a mining permit due to inactivity of the operator. In these cases the mining authority may delay the expiry of the permit for two years at a time up to a total of 10 years. During this time, the permit holder has the obligation to pay an increased excavation fee. The increased annual fee is 100 per hectare for the duration of the delay.
Raw materials used in the production of stone wool are excavated from mining areas (quarries and pits) by surface mining. Closure obligations of mining areas are subject to regulations governing remediation, recultivation and renaturation obligations. Expected costs for the closure of quarries and pits are covered by accounting provisions. Moreover, the Finnish Environmental Protection Act (86/2000, Ympäristönsuojelulaki) provides that we must provide security over our waste management obligations related to our mining operations. The amount of the security for the waste areas varies depending on the quality and quantity of the waste rock in question. Typically the security is euros per square meter of waste rock area used. The amount per square meter in practice currently varies from 0.4/m2 (inert waste rock) to 30/m2 (hazardous waste landfills).
Furthermore, the Mining Act requires that we also provide collateral to secure our obligations related to the closure of the mining area. Under the Mining Act this collateral may be in the form of an unencumbered bank deposit, bank guarantee, insurance guarantee, group guarantee or other similar
146
commitment or right, though the form and amount to be provided in any particular case is subject to determination by the Mining Authority in a pending administrative decision to amend our mining district decisions. These obligations include, among other actions, tidying up the area, landscaping, refurbishing the area to meet public safety criteria, removing extracted minerals and buildings and equipment, as well as other obligations provided for in the mining permit. The obligation as regards the security was introduced in the 2011 mining legislation reform and the transitional period ends at the end of June 2014. The Mining Authority has accepted our proposal that we provide a three-year bank guarantee in the amount of 50,000 to cover all of our mining districts.
We are not subject to statutory royalties. However, we have an obligation to pay fees to the landowners of the area covered by our mining permits. No such fees have to be paid in respect of those properties which we own within the mining area. With respect to payments regarding mining permits, the landowners of a mine site are entitled to an extraction fee, which must be paid annually. The fee consists of two parts: one part is a land area based fee (50 per hectare) and the other part is a variable fee, which is based on the amount of the extracted minerals and the reasonable value thereof. The latter part of the extraction fee is paid only once mining is commenced. Futhermore, we may be required to pay a byproduct fee, if such byproducts are sold by us for use outside the mining operations. The by-product fee must be reasonable and based on the value of the byproducts. The variable fee is either agreed with the landowners or the authority responsible for granting mining rights makes a decision on reasonable compensation for the extracted minerals, taking into account the factors affecting the value of such extracted minerals.
Under Finnish law we are not subject to any legal requirements as regards the classification of deposits. The Finnish association of extractive resources industry recommends that mining companies use the Fennoscandian review board's standards of disclosure for mineral projects when they make reports of their mineral projects. The standards are based on the Canadian NI 43-101. However, most mining companies use the reporting standards which are typically employed in the jurisdictions where the companies are listed or systems for which their personnel have accreditation.
