Most of our construction products are under harmonized product standards and are hence CE marked. Some of our products are certified in the Finnish procedure. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable EU and Finnish legislation on construction materials.
General
In many regions in which we operate, a constantly developing body of law and regulatory requirements addresses the challenges of global climate change. The primary objectives of climate change regulation are the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, higher efficiency in the use of energy from conventional
149
sources and the increasing use of energy from renewable sources. In the EU, regulations attempt to both reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to establish a mechanism for trading in carbon dioxide emission certificates.
Emission Trading Law in the European Union
The EU has, through the Emission Trading Directive 2003/87/EC, launched the European Union Emission Trading System ("EU ETS") for certain greenhouse gas emissions in order to fulfill its greenhouse emission reduction targets. The EU ETS was partly established to ensure that the emission reduction commitments set under the Kyoto protocol were met during Phase II of the ETS. The EU ETS involves a trading system for emission allowances based on a cap-and-trade system. Industrial sites to which the EU ETS applies receive a certain number of emissions allowances to emit greenhouse gases and must surrender one allowance for each tonne of CO2, the main greenhouse gas, or the CO2 equivalent amount of another greenhouse gas emitted. Sites that emit fewer tonnes of greenhouse gases than their allocated emissions allowances are allowed to sell their excess allowances in the open market, and sites that emit more than their allocated emissions allowances are required to buy additional allowances through the EU ETS. Participation in this system has been mandatory since 2005 for industries with high energy consumption levels.
For the second trading period under the ETS (2008 through 2012), national allocation plans were implemented in all Member States. The total volume of emission allowances was reduced by 6.5% for the second period compared with the 2005 level. In addition, the overall availability of emission allowances allocated free of charge during the second trading period was reduced. However, due to the recent economic downturn, emissions were reduced, and demand for allowances was also reduced. This led to a surplus of unused allowances, which affected the carbon price throughout the second trading period.
The EU ETS has been further revised for the third trading period that began in January 2013. Under the revised EU ETS, the EU-wide quantity of emission allowances allocated each year will be reduced by a linear factor of 1.74% of the average total quantity of allowances issued annually in 2008-2012 as adjusted due to the change in scope of the scheme as of 2013.
