The aforementioned rules are in compliance with the IED and the Emission Trading Directive 2003/87/EC. An environmental permit is granted either for a fixed period or until further notice. The environmental permit contains necessary permit conditions in order to ensure that the requirements for granting a permit will be met. An environmental permit usually contains threshold values for air, water and other emissions. Permit conditions regarding the prevention of pollution and emission thresholds are based on ``best available techniques'' ("BATs"). The IED amended the IPPC Directive to require best available techniques to control emission levels, and sets out rules on the prevention and control of pollution from industrial activities and includes rules aimed at reducing emissions into the air, water and land, as well as preventing the generation of waste in order to achieve a high level of overall environmental protection. The mineral industry (production of mineral fibers), the chemical industry and the waste management industry, among others, will potentially need to make changes to their operations in order to comply with the new obligations deriving from the IED.
155
Waste
The waste management is regulated by the Act on Waste Management (VIII-787, Atlieku tvarkymo istatymas), the Act on the Management of Packaging and Packaging Waste (IX-517, Pakuociu ir pakuociu atlieku tvarkymo istatymas) and related regulations in Lithuania. The Lithuanian legislation is based on the provisions of appropriate EU directives.
In Lithuania, we are subject to statutory provisions regarding waste management. These provisions regulate permissible methods of, and responsibility for, the generation, handling, possession, discharge and recycling of waste depending, among other issues, on the dangers posed by the waste. The discharge and disposal of waste is usually restricted to licensed facilities. In accordance with the Act on Waste Management, both the producer and holder of waste are responsible for organizing waste management. This includes the obligation to see to the appropriate disposal of waste to landfills and waste processing facilities. Product manufacturers are also subject to obligations regarding the management of packaging waste. All waste management must comply with the statutorily prescribed order of priority, meaning that preventive measures must be implemented to minimize the generation of waste, and that generated waste should primarily be reused and secondarily recycled. If this is not possible, the waste should be utilized in, for example, the generation of energy. Disposal of waste is to be considered as a "last resort." In accordance with the "polluter-pays" principle, the original producer of waste is also liable for the costs of waste management. The waste holder's responsibility for organizing waste management is terminated and transferred to a new holder when the waste is delivered to a lawful consignee, for example, a professional waste treatment facility. The waste holder must report waste generation (on the basis of waste generation accounting log data) if the entity meets at least one of the following criteria: 1) it is obliged to obtain an IPPC permit; 2) it conducts activities that, within a calendar year, produce more than 12 tons of non-hazardous waste or 0.6 tons of hazardous waste, 3) it conducts motor vehicle maintenance and repair; 4) it has 10 or more employees engaged in activities involving pharmaceuticals, human or animal health; 5) it generates oil waste; 6) it is obliged to keep records of waste in accordance with the Rules on construction waste management adopted by the Order No. D1-637 of the Minister of the Environment. A Waste Management Report (based on the waste management accounting journal data) must be provided by an entity which meets at least one of the following criteria: 1) it is engaged in the processing of waste; 2) it is engaged in waste export from or imports to Lithuania; 3) it stores the waste at its generation place, where that wasted is either hazardous waste stored for longer than 6 months, or nonhazardous stored for longer than 1 year; 4) it is engaged in the collection or transportation of waste; or 5) it is a hazardous waste dealer or intermediary. There are also specific regulations regarding the packaging, labeling, mixing, storage and transport of hazardous waste. The management and treatment of waste is generally undertaken by professional waste management and treatment companies.
Due to our manufacturing operations, we generate industrial and household waste. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable waste management laws and continuously attempt to reduce waste at our sites.
Hazardous Substances
In Lithuania, the handling and storage of hazardous chemical substances might be subject to an environmental permit if such activities pose a threat of environmental pollution in accordance with the Lithuanian Environmental Protection Act. This act provides that persons using hazardous chemicals must comply with established rules on the use of these substances. These rules apply to storage, accounting, disposal, treatment, transportation, transit, entry and exit procedures. The producer or user of the hazardous substance is responsible for the cost arising from the storage, disposal and treatment of such substances. The rules regarding the use of hazardous chemical substances and granting of permits are regulated by an order of the Minister of Environment. Prevention of industrial accidents is regulated under the Lithuanian Act on Civil Safety (VIII-971, Civilines saugos istatymas) and under the Environmental Protection Act.
Health and Safety
