In Lithuania, the handling and storage of hazardous chemical substances might be subject to an environmental permit if such activities pose a threat of environmental pollution in accordance with the Lithuanian Environmental Protection Act. This act provides that persons using hazardous chemicals must comply with established rules on the use of these substances. These rules apply to storage, accounting, disposal, treatment, transportation, transit, entry and exit procedures. The producer or user of the hazardous substance is responsible for the cost arising from the storage, disposal and treatment of such substances. The rules regarding the use of hazardous chemical substances and granting of permits are regulated by an order of the Minister of Environment. Prevention of industrial accidents is regulated under the Lithuanian Act on Civil Safety (VIII-971, Civilines saugos istatymas) and under the Environmental Protection Act.
Corresponding requirements are found in the Lithuanian legislation. Our operations in Lithuania are regulated by the safety requirements set out in the Act on Safety and Health at Work (IX-1672, Darbuotoju saugos ir sveikatos istatymas). Employers are required to take care of the safety and health of our employees. The employer shall establish a safety and health at work policy in order to promote safety and health issues. The employer is also required to assess the hazards and risk factors caused by the work, the
156
premises and other working conditions and eliminate such risks. In order to comply with the applicable requirements, we regularly conduct training and medical examinations and implement and monitor safety measures. If we detect any unsafe condition in one of our sites, local management is authorized to act without further permission up to certain defined expenditure limits.
Regulation of Chemicals
We are subject to various notification and labeling requirements and have to comply with certain safety obligations arising, for example, under the Act on Chemical Substances and Preparations (VIII-1641, Cheminiu medziagu ir preparatu ustatymas). The Act on Chemical Substances and Preparations mainly reflects and supplements REACH at the national level, but also establishes national requirements on the handling of chemicals.
Technical Approvals for Construction Products
As we manufacture building materials the regulation on construction products is relevant to our activities. In Lithuania, the manufacture and sale of construction materials is subject to technical regulations and approval requirements.
To establish that particular construction materials conform to the relevant technical approvals, as in many other jurisdictions manufacturers must implement and document a factory production control system in Lithuania. Depending on the produced product, Lithuanian law may require the initial testing of the construction product to be performed by an authorized body, continuous surveillance by a competent organization and/or assessment and approval of the construction products by such an organization. If construction materials that do not comply with applicable regulations have been used in a building, then such building must be reconstructed or, if the materials used cannot be changed, demolished.
