The EU has also adopted directives regulating the energy efficiency of buildings, for example, the EU Directive 2012/27/EU on energy efficiency and the EU Directive 2010/31/EU on the energy performance of buildings. The Energy Efficiency Directive (the "EED") targets a 20% increase in energy efficiency by 2020. The EED entered into force in December 2012, and obliges Member States to set national energy efficiency targets and report any progress achieved towards these targets to the European Commission by April 30 of each year. Alternatively, under the EED Member States may opt to take other policy measures to achieve energy savings among final customers, provided that the amount of such savings is equivalent to the amount of new energy savings required by the energy efficiency obligation scheme option. New energy efficient goals for 2030, which are likely to be in excess of the present 20% reduction target, are also currently under review by the European Commission. The Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (the "EPBD") instructs Member States to set minimum standards for energy efficiency in new and renovated buildings, which must be quantifiable and subject to a specified calculation methodology which takes into account multiple factors that influence energy use (e.g., thermal characteristics of the building, heating installation and hot water supply). However the EPBD does not specify what the specific performance standards should be. Detailed performance requirements are set at a national level, within the confines of certain EU guidelines, such as the requirement that all new buildings must be "near zero energy buildings'' by 2020.
Poland
Our Polish facilities are subject to extensive environmental regulation. The permit requirements on air emissions, water discharges and pollution control regarding our operations in Poland are based on Polish and EU legislation. See ``--Finland" above for information on European-wide regulations. The key Polish legislation covering the main areas of environmental protection is the Environmental Protection Law (ustawa Prawo ochrony srodowiska), while waste management issues are regulated by the Waste Act (ustawa o odpadach) and water contamination issues are governed by the Water Law (ustawa Prawo wodne). There are also numerous other acts and secondary legislation dealing with specific environmental issues.
158
Soil and Groundwater Contamination
In Poland, the use of water requires a permit and is strictly regulated to avoid any contamination of ground or surface water, such as through the disposal of sewage or waste water and the handling of potentially dangerous materials. For example, the discharge of any pollutant substances into the surface water may be subject to a permit, whereas the discharge of any such substances into the ground water in principle is impermissible. Under Polish law, water permits are generally granted for specific periods of time and must be renewed frequently. In certain circumstances, such water permits may be revoked without compensation.
Under Polish law (the Act on prevention and remediation of environmental damage) the obligations related to potential soil contamination rest with the person making use of the environment (irrespective of the legal title to the land). In other words, it is the person using the environment and whose activity causes the occurrence of environmental damage or an imminent threat of such damage that is obliged to undertake actions limiting such damage and preventing further damage, and to undertake remedial actions (the so-called ``polluterpays principle"). Consequently, all costs of preventive or remedial actions are borne by the person using the environment, unless such person proves that the damage to the environment was caused by another party and occurred despite the fact that the person using the environment applied appropriate safety measures. This general rule applies to contamination of land that occurred on and after April 30, 2007. However, in respect of so-called "historical contamination,'' i.e., the contamination that occurred prior to April 30, 2007 or that could be attributed to the activity completed prior to that date, the provisions of the Environmental Protection Law ("EPL") will apply. Pursuant to the EPL, if the soil contamination exceeds statutory limits (set forth in the secondary legislation to the EPL), the person who is currently in control of the land (i.e., the person revealed in the land register, in principle the owner or the perpetual usufructuary) is obligated to undertake remediation in order to reduce contamination to acceptable standards. There may be exceptions to this general rule (for example, where the contamination was caused by a third party after the acquisition of rights to the land by the person in control of the land or where it can be proved that the contamination arose before September 1, 1980), in which case any remediation required may be limited. In the case of groundwater contamination, strict remediation obligations do not apply (unless the water is used drinking purposes). This is because the groundwater is owned by the State Treasury (in accordance with the Water Law). As such, the principle of imposing remediation obligations on the owner is not applied. Instead, the remediation obligation is generally imposed on the entity actually causing the contamination.
Although we believe that we are generally in compliance with our legal obligations at our Polish sites, groundwater contamination has been detected at our Trzemeszno site, and additional contamination of soil and groundwater may be discovered at these or other sites in the future. Such discovery of previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of new obligations to investigate or remediate soil or groundwater contamination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Following the implementation of the IED in Poland, a baseline report will also have to be prepared in respect of our Trzemeszno site, which could trigger remediation obligation if any contamination is discovered. See "--Emissions and Environmental Permits" below.
Emissions and Environmental Permits
