In Poland, plants must use licensed contractors for the disposal of hazardous or nonhazardous waste. Under the Polish Waste Act, only disposal to licensed contractors releases the plant from liability in respect of proper waste management. Furthermore, generation of waste over certain threshold requires an environmental permit to be held by the plant. The generation of waste requires detailed evidencing and reporting on annual basis (regardless of whether there is a permit requirement).
In Poland, substances are rated by risk with different resulting requirements relating to storage and handling in order to prevent accidents or injury and ensure a high degree of safety. Certain hazardous substances must not be produced or used at all. Title IV of the Polish Environmental Protection Law implements the Seveso II Directive.
Recultivation
In Poland, a number of formal steps, including approvals of administrative authorities must be completed in connection with the closure of the operation plant. They follow from the Environmental Protection Law, the Act on Protection of Agricultural and Forest Land and the Mining and Geological Law (if applicable). The general aim of these procedures is to ensure full recultivation and revitalization of the degradated land.
Waste Selection
Moreover, in Poland, there are additional regulations concerning packaging waste under the Packaging and Waste Packaging Management Act. In particular, entities which market products (provided that the total annual weight of packaging exceeds 1 ton) are obliged to ensure the collection of a specific quantity of post-use and packaging waste from the market and subsequently recover or recycle it. It is possible, however, to delegate this obligation to a recovery organization (organizacja odzysku), which, in exchange for a determined fee, assumes an entity's obligations relating to the collection of waste and its subsequent recovery or recycling.
Fees for Pollutant Discharges
Under the Polish regulatory regime in the EPL, we are obliged to keep records of pollutants discharged into the environment and, on the basis of such records as well as reports submitted to the relevant Voivodeship Marshal (marszaiek wojewodztwa), calculate and pay annual charges for using the environment.
Entities using the environment are obliged to keep records of pollutants introduced into the air, discharged sewage, intaken water, stockpiled waste and packaging and other items released into the market, where their waste is subject to special management rules (e.g., tires, batteries, vehicles, and electric and electronic equipment). The obligation to keep such records is connected with the requirement to provide relevant authorities with periodic reports. On the basis of the above-mentioned records as well as reports submitted to the relevant Voivodeship Marshal, such entities are obliged to calculate and pay annual charges for using the environment.
