Russia
As our business primarily comprises the operation of production plants for stone wool insulation products, laws, rules and regulations and technical standards that affect our operations mostly relate to product safety, environmental protection (in particular, in relation to soil, ground and surface water contaminations and air emissions), waste management, recultivation, reclamation and renaturation, energy efficiency, as well as occupational health and safety.
In Russia, we are subject to a number of federal and regional acts and governmental decrees, as well as numerous environmental and sanitary-epidemiological regulations, which include the Federal Act "On Protection of Environment," the Water Code, the Land Code, the Federal Act ``On Production and Consumption Waste," Federal Act ``On Technical Regulation," the Federal Act ``On Sanitary and Epidemiological Welfare of Population" and the Labor Code.
In Russia, as in many other jurisdictions, rules and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, are becoming more comprehensive and stringent. The law making process in Russia is quite
161
intense and amendments may be so dramatic that they seriously affect the existing business and investment decisions.
Moreover, the laws and regulations are sometimes vague and require hiring and continuous training of technically qualified personnel to ensure compliance with applicable requirements. As our production in Russia is in "start-up" mode with limited operations underway, we are currently in the process of obtaining necessary authorization documents that may take some time and we may not be in compliance with certain regulations during this transition period.
We have been, and will continue to be, required to incur significant capital expenditures and operating costs in order to maintain and upgrade our production sites and facilities to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits, and to obtain and maintain all necessary permits and certificates.
We are also required to obtain and maintain various permits from governmental authorities for our operations in Russia. As the federal and regional regulatory framework applicable to us is sometimes contradictory, unclear and incomplete and continues to experience frequent changes, it is very difficult to accurately predict the future cost of compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and technical standards. Additional or more stringent laws, rules, regulations and technical standards could increase our costs or limit our ability to continue our business operations in the same manner as we did in the past. Substantial gaps in the regulatory framework due to the delay or absence of implementing regulations for certain legislation, as well as the lack of judicial and administrative guidance on interpreting applicable rules, cause uncertainty with respect to many of the legal and business decisions that we make. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--We are subject to numerous environmental, building, health and safety regulations, technical standards and other regulations." and "--Our licenses, permits and certifications may be suspended, amended or terminated prior to the end of their terms or may not be renewed."
