Air Emissions
162
approve norms of emissions and obtain limits on maximum permitted emissions with local authorities, as well as obtain certain permits. We are required to maintain all production facilities in compliance with the permit documentation and comply with the agreed plan for the reduction of emissions. Compliance with these requirements is monitored by the local authorities and we are required to submit emission reports on a regular basis. Failure to comply with the maximum emission levels may result in administrative fines. Moreover, emissions, including in excess of the permitted thresholds, are subject to payment of certain fees (which in the case of our Tver plant may be double the standard amount due to its location in a specially protected natural area) and we may not exclude that such fees may become higher in the course of development of the legislation.
Waste
In Russia, our production operations inevitably lead to generation of various types of waste, including basalt fiber waste, solid mineral waste and coke pieces. Waste management is generally regulated by the Federal Act "On Production and Consumption Waste.''
All waste is classified in Russia depending on its hazardous qualities and each category of waste may require different treatment. Depending on the hazardous type of the generated waste, it may also be required to confirm the classification of waste, obtain a passport of waste and employ persons with special qualifications. Some categories of hazardous waste require special licenses for collection, storage, transportation and disposal and we will engage specialized waste management providers. Moreover, we are obliged to develop and approve with the relevant state authority norms and limits for various categories of waste, record compliance with such limits, pay for the placement of waste and obtain the respective permits. Our fees for the placement of waste may be double the standard amount due to the location of our Tver plant within a specially protected area.
Hazardous Substances
In Russia, production, sale and handling of certain chemical, biological, radioactive and other potentially hazardous substances is governed by special laws and regulations. For example, depending on the substance, special regulations on importation, transportation, production, labeling and industrial safety requirements may apply.
At our sites and facilities, we may from time to time handle and use hazardous substances. The use of some hazardous substances may lead to the creation of a dangerous industrial facility, as described below. We need to ensure that there is no uncontrolled release of substances pursuant to applicable laws. Although, historically, some violations of the storage procedures have taken place, we continuously take steps to improve compliance with the handling of hazardous substances.
