In Russia, production, sale and handling of certain chemical, biological, radioactive and other potentially hazardous substances is governed by special laws and regulations. For example, depending on the substance, special regulations on importation, transportation, production, labeling and industrial safety requirements may apply.
Products Requirements
Products imported by us to Russia and manufactured by us in Russia require various registrations and other compliance documents in order to be permitted for importing to and sale in Russia. Such documents include, in particular, sanitary and epidemiological certificates confirming safety compliance of the products, compliance certificates confirming fire safety compliance and manufacturing processes, as well as technical certificates for the use of products in the construction industry. Moreover, production in Russia must comply with specific sanitary and industry standards and norms.
We believe that we are generally in compliance with products requirements in respect of importing and that we will be able to obtain necessary documents for the production in Russia. However, maintenance of these authorization documents and compliance with the production standards require, and will continue to require in the future, our constant monitoring and possible expenditures in relation to new regulations and demands from authorities. Products requirements are constantly changing in Russia and we may not guarantee that product manufacturing in Russia is fully compliant with all applicable regulations at any given time.
Industrial Safety Regulations
Certain production sites or separate facilities thereon that relate to production of dangerous substances or use of dangerous equipment may be deemed in Russia to be dangerous industrial facilities. It is possible that following the completion of construction of our facilities in Russia some of our facilities may be deemed dangerous industrial facilities. This classification triggers the need to comply with industrial safety
163
regulations, such as (i) implementing industrial safety control procedures; (ii) registering dangerous industrial facilities with the state authorities; (iii) using trained personnel; and (iv) obtaining liability insurance, among others. We have taken some, but not all, of the necessary measures to comply with the industrial safety regulations and will continue improving our compliance, but some time may pass before we become fully compliant. Moreover, some of our facilities in Russia (gas consumption facilities) may be regarded as explosive dangerous industrial facilities of III hazard class and, if this is the case, we will need to obtain a relevant license in order to operate gas consumption facilities. We have commenced this process, but the license is expected only at the end of 2014. Certain administrative sanctions (including temporary restriction of operations) may be imposed on our operations in Russia if we fail to promptly complete all industrial safety compliance procedures.
Health and Safety We must comply with applicable laws and regulations to protect employees against occupational injuries in Russia. Under such laws and regulations, employers typically must establish that working conditions effectively prevent dangers to employees. In particular, employers must observe certain medical and hygienic standards and comply with certain occupational health and safety requirements, such as permissible maximum levels for noise at the work place, the use of personal protective equipment and requirements relating to maximum temperatures and air ventilation. In order to comply with the applicable requirements, we regularly conduct training and medical examinations and implement and monitor safety measures. If we detect any unsafe condition in one of our sites, local management is authorized to act without further permission up to certain defined expenditure limits. Our production facilities in Russia are located in the close vicinity of a number of residential households. Any production facility in Russia must establish a sanitary protection zone to protect surrounding territories from negative impact. We are in the process of establishing such a protection zone and, if we are unable to set it less than 300 meters, we may face the need to relocate a number of local residents. However, we do not expect major difficulties or expenditures in this regard.
