Lars Westerlund. Mr. Westerlund was born in 1961 and since September 2010 has held the position of Senior Vice President of our Building Insulation division. Mr. Westerland holds a degree in engineering physics and computer technology from Uppsala University. Since joining the Group in 2004, Mr. Westerlund has held various managerial positions within our Building Insulation Division. Mr. Westerlund also serves as a director of ZAO Paroc.
165
Igor Shatz. Mr. Shatz was born in 1967 and jointed ZAO Paroc in November 2012 as its general director. Mr. Shatz holds degrees in mechanical engineering from the St. Petersburg Forest Engineering Academy, economics and enterprise management from the St. Petersburg Military Mechanical University, and business administration from the St. Petersburg Institute of International Business and Communications. Before joining the Group, Mr. Shatz held a series of senior roles in the beverage sector in Russia with Heineken and BBH/Carlsberg.
Jan Gustafsson. Mr. Gustaffson was born in 1974 and since September 2010 has held the position of Senior Vice President for Human Resources at the Issuer. Since joining the Group in 1999, Mr. Gustaffson has held a number of managerial positions within the Group, including Executive Vice President of our Technical Insulation and Building Insulation divisions. Mr. Gustaffson holds a law degree from the University of Helsinki. Mr. Gustaffson also currently serves as managing director of Paroc Oy Ab and as a member of the board of directors of UAB Paroc, Paroc Limited, AS Paroc and SIA Paroc.
Vesa Karvonen. Mr. Karvonen was born in 1972 and since November 1, 2010 has been the Director of Legal Affairs and General Counsel for our Group. Prior to his appointment as Director of Legal Affairs, Mr. Karvonen had served as General Counsel of our Group since joining in January 2002. Mr. Karvonen holds a degree in law from the University of Turku in Finland. Mr. Karvonen serves on the board of directors of Paroc Oy Ab, Paroc Export Oy Ab, Paroc Panel System Oy Ab, Paroc Sverige AB, Paroc Panel System AB, UAB Paroc, Paroc Limited, ZAO Paroc and AS Paroc, and is a member of the management board of Paroc Polska Sp. z o.o. Mr. Karvonen is also a director of Diabase S.A.
Directors of Paroc Group
Set forth below is information concerning the members of the board of directors of the Issuer (the ``Board") as of the date of this offering memorandum.
Name
Age
