Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary
85.00 13.02 1.98
100.00
(1) Safari Luxco 1 S.A. is owned by a lending syndicate comprised of over 30 financial institutions (the "Lender-Owner Syndicate"). The Lender-Owner Syndicate took control of Paroc in 2009 after a restructuring of the Paroc Group debt. No member of the Lender-Owner Syndicate owns more than 15% of Safari Luxco 1 S.A. In addition to the Existing Senior Notes and the Existing Senior Facility, the Lender-Owner Syndicate also holds Existing Junior Notes and tracking preferred equity certificates issued by Safari Luxco 1 S.A. A portion of the proceeds of the Offering, together with cash on hand, will be used to (i) partially redeem, and pay accrued and unpaid interest on, the Existing Junior Notes and (ii) fund the purchase by Safari Luxco 2 S.A. of Existing Junior Notes from the Lender-Owner Syndicate. See "Use o f Proceeds." The junior note trustee deed governing the junior notes will be amended on or about the Issue Date to amend the terms of the junior notes, converting them to shareholder loans. See "Description of Other Indebtedness--Shareholder Loans of Safari Finco 1 Oy."
(2) Diabase S.A. is owned by Gabbro S.a r.l. (21.58%), Ogier Employee Benefit Trustee Limited (18.14%) and management of the Issuer (representing approximately 116 employees of the Paroc Group) (60.28%). Four members of the senior management of the Issuer in turn own 100% of Gabbro S.a r.l. See "--Share-based investment plan." Diabase S.A. owns 100% of the non-voting preference shares of Safari Luxco 2 S.A., which, upon an exit event, entitle Diabase S.A. to a priority share of the profits of Safari Luxco 2 S.A. See "--Shareholders'Agreement of Safari Luxco 1 SA. and Luxco 2 S.A."
(3) Four non-executive board members own 1.98% of the ordinary shares of Safari Luxco 2 S.A.
Shareholder strategy
The Lender-Owner Syndicate considers its strategic options with respect to the Group from time to time. While nothing has been agreed at the current time, the Lender-Owner Syndicate is currently evaluating options for a strategic exit, which process is likely to continue after the Issue Date.
Share-based investment plan
