The Lender-Owner Syndicate considers its strategic options with respect to the Group from time to time. While nothing has been agreed at the current time, the Lender-Owner Syndicate is currently evaluating options for a strategic exit, which process is likely to continue after the Issue Date.
On December 23, 2009, upon completion of the restructuring of the debt of the Paroc Group, the shareholders of Safari Luxco 1 S.A. approved a long-term share-based investment plan for the management and a select group of employees who had invested in the previous long-term share-based investment plan. In accordance with the plan, the management shareholders set up a special purpose vehicle in Luxembourg (Diabase S.A.) and subscribed for shares in Diabase S.A. Diabase S.A. purchased in total 13.02% of the share capital of Safari Luxco 2 S.A., which owns the Paroc Group Oy share capital indirectly through Safari Finco 1 Oy.
According to the terms and conditions of the investment plan, the shares of Diabase S.A. cannot be sold, pledged or otherwise disposed of, and the shareholder is obliged to sell his or her shares when he or she ceases to be employed by a company belonging to the Paroc Group. Any return on the plan is expected only when there is an exit, i.e., Paroc Group or a major part thereof is sold and when the exit yields more than certain predetermined thresholds. In accordance with the shareholders' agreement (the "Diabase SHA") the fair market value of the shares is determined annually in accordance with the principles set out in the Diabase SHA by an independent accountant. At the end of the 2013 financial year, there were 114 employees and four non-executive board members of Paroc Group companies holding shares in Diabase S.A. (2012: 118 employees and four non-executive board members). The four non-executive board members also directly own 1.98% shares of Safari Luxco 2 S.A. with any return on the plan expected only at exit when the exit yields more than certain predetermined thresholds. During the 2013 financial year
168
there were no new shareholders and seven employees who exited and sold their shares in Diabase S.A. (2012: no new shareholders and eight exiting employees).
Shareholders' Agreement of Safari Luxco 1 SA. and Safari Luxco 2 SA. The shareholders of Safari Luxco 1 S.A. (``Luxco 1") and Safari Luxco 2 S.A. ("Luxco 2") entered into a shareholders' agreement on December 23, 2009 (the ``Shareholders' Agreement") in respect of their respective shareholdings in Luxco 1 and Luxco 2. The Shareholders' Agreement contains certain customary provisions, including those discussed below. Certain amendments will be made to the Shareholders' Agreement prior to the Issue Date pursuant to an amendment agreement dated on or about the date of this offering memorandum. These amendments are reflected in the summary below.
Governance Safari Luxco 1 S.A. The Shareholders' Agreement provides that the board of directors of Luxco 1 will consist of:  the CEO from time to time of Luxco 1;  one director who is resident in Luxembourg (the ``Luxembourg Director");  such other persons as are required from time to time in accordance with taxation advice to be
appointed to the board of directors of Luxco 1;  one director who is not an employee of Luxco 1 and who is appointed by the shareholders in Luxco 1
other than management and Diabase S.A. (the ``Investors"), who is the Chairman of the board of directors (the "Chairman"); and  such additional number of directors who are not employees of Luxco 1 as are appointed from time to time by Investors holding more than 50% of the voting rights in the ordinary shares of Luxco 1 (together with the Chairman, the ``Investor Directors''). The Shareholders' Agreement provides that directors of Luxco 1 may be removed at any time by notice in writing by Investors holding more than 50% of the voting rights in respect of the ordinary shares in Luxco 1.
