SUMMARY
Overview
We are a producer of premium stone wool insulation, and we believe that we are a market leader in Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States by market share, which according to our estimates has remained stable overall over the past three years. Our other important markets include Norway, Denmark, Poland, Germany and the United Kingdom. Our stone wool products are used for both building insulation and technical insulation, and are known for their high product quality and superior fire resistance, as evidenced by customer and market surveys. We have significantly broadened our geographic sales reach since 2009 through the expansion and leveraging of our strategically located manufacturing network, allowing for an increasing sales presence in western Europe and Russia, which we view to be potential growth markets. As of March 31, 2014, we operated nine production plants in five different countries with 13 Base production lines, 18 Technical Insulation production lines and one Panel System production line. As of the same date, we also had sales and representative offices in 14 European countries and sales to over 40 countries. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we generated total sales of 433.1 million (with Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States accounting for 20.2%, 25.1% and 8.6% of our total sales, respectively) and Adjusted EBITDA of 82.8 million.
Our business is organized in four divisions:
 Building Insulation ("BI"). Our Building Insulation division markets and distributes a range of insulation productions and solutions for residential and commercial buildings in both new-build and renovation construction markets. Products in the BI division range from general building insulation to more specialized acoustic or fire protection insulation products. General building insulation is the largest business segment within BI. The majority of the BI division's stone wool products are manufactured by our Base Production division, with the exception of some more specialized acoustics and roofing products, which are produced by our Technical Insulation division. The BI division does not have its own production lines or manufacturing capacity. The BI division also sells panel wool internally to our Panel System division and sells insulation for pre-fabricated panels to third parties across Europe. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Building Insulation division generated sales of 256.7 million (with external sales of 242.0 million, or 55.9% of our total sales).
 Technical Insulation ("TI"). Our Technical Insulation division produces high-quality stone wool products used in specialized industrial and technical applications. Because the TI division's products are tailored for specific customer applications, including meeting regulatory requirements, the TI division has its own manufacturing capacity. It uses stone wool from the Base Production division to produce more customized TI products through its own production lines and specialized machinery. There are 18 TI production lines at four plants. Products in the TI division are primarily used to provide insulation from heat, fire, condensation and sound, and are supplied to four key end-markets: heating, ventilation and air conditioning ("HV4C"), process industries, marine and offshore and original equipment manufacturers ("OEM"). The TI division also sells specialized acoustics and roofing products to the BI division. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Technical Insulation division generated sales of 150.9 million (with external sales of 133.5 million, or 30.8% of our total sales).
 Panel System ("PPS"). Our Panel System division manufactures sandwich facade panels--lightweight steel-faced panels with an insulating core of stone wool. The main application of these panels are in the industrial and commercial construction of warehouses, municipal buildings and offices. The PPS division buys its stone wool from the BI division. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Panel System division generated sales of 56.2 million (with external sales of 56.2 million, or 13.0% of our total sales).
 Base Production ("Base"). Our Base Production division is responsible for producing all of the stone wool for our BI, TI and PPS divisions, developing proprietary production technology and managing
1
