· Base Production ("Base"). Our Base Production division is responsible for producing all of the stone wool for our BI, TI and PPS divisions, developing proprietary production technology and managing
capacity utilization across the Paroc Group. As of March 31, 2014, we operated eight production plants in five different countries with 13 Base production lines producing stone wool. Production sites are managed as a network with production costs allocated to the most cost-efficient plant, taking into account distribution costs. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Base division generated sales of 207.8 million (including internal sales of 207.3 million and external sales of 0.5 million). All of our internal sales are at a fixed cost agreed at the beginning of each year.
Our Strengths
We believe the following strengths have contributed to our success historically and are key factors in our efforts to deliver profitable future growth:
Market-leading positions in our home markets, underpinned by strength of brand and reputation for high product and service quality
We believe that we are a market leader based on market share in our home markets of Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States in both stone wool building insulation and stone wool technical insulation. We seek to differentiate ourselves from our competitors through our portfolio of high-quality stone wool products offered under our distinctive, widely-recognized brand, together with our ability to provide innovative, customer-specific solutions through our full-service sales and technical support offering. Over our 75 years of operations, we have built strong, often long-term customer relationships, particularly with dealers (which comprise insulation wholesalers as well as DIY stores) in our home markets, which are the primary distribution channel for our building and technical insulation products. We believe that the superior quality of our products and services has reinforced the strength of our brand and resulted in a high degree of customer loyalty and retention.
Increasingly diversified business across geographies, end-markets and product mix
We sell our products through multiple sales channels in over 40 countries to various end-markets, which we believe reduces our dependency on any single market and positions us to capture additional opportunities to expand our business. Our largest markets are Finland and Sweden, which represented 20% and 25%, respectively, of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2013, and no other country represented more than 10% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2013. We have strong relationships with our customers and have multiple sales channels including dealers, construction contractors, industrial companies and equipment manufacturers (for example, prefabricated house and panel manufacturers, and specialist original equipment manufacturers).
We have also diversified our end-market footprint and product mix in recent years with the growth of our TI division, which now represents a significant part of our business, having reached external revenues of 133.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our TI division displays a greater resilience and higher gross profit margins than our other divisions. This is primarily due to the fact that we sell our TI products to a more diversified set of end markets across Europe, as well as the higher value-added nature of our TI products, which typically require a greater degree of customization and additional manufacturing refinements to meet more specialized applications. Although our TI division relies to some extent on the residential and commercial construction sectors (primarily for the sale of HVAC products), we also supply our various TI products to diverse end markets, such as the oil and gas, petrochemical, power generation, pulp and paper, marine and offshore and OEM industries.
