191
interests (other than any arising under the relevant finance documents or by operation of law), of all rights and interests under the Credit Facility Documents purporting to be transferred by it by that transfer; (b) in the case of a Hedge Counterparty, it is the sole owner, free from all Security and third party interests (other than any arising under the relevant Hedging Agreements or by operation of law), of all rights and interests under the relevant Hedging Agreements purporting to be transferred by it by that transfer; (c) in the case of a Notes Creditor, it is the sole owner, free from all Security and third party interests (other than any arising under the Notes Documents or by operation of law), of all rights and interests under the Notes Documents purporting to be transferred by it by that transfer; (d) in the case of a Pari Passu Creditor, it is the sole owner, free from all Security and third party interests (other than any arising under the Pari Passu Debt Documents or by operation of law), of all rights and interests under the Pari Passu Debt Documents purporting to be transferred by it by that transfer; (e) it has the power to enter into and make, and has taken all necessary action to authorize entry into and making of, that transfer; and (f) it is satisfied with the results of any "know your client" or other similar checks relating to the identity of any person that they are required by law to carry out in relation to such a transfer. Governing law The Intercreditor Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
192
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES
You will find definitions of certain capitalized terms used in this "Description of the Notes" under the heading "Certain Definitions." For purposes of this `Description of the Notes," references to the "Issuer" "w e" "our" and "us" refer only to Paroc Group Oy.
The Issuer will issue 200 million aggregate principal amount of 6.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the "Fixed Rate Notes") and 230 million aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the ``Floating Rate Notes" and, together with the Fixed Rate Notes, the "Notes"). The Notes will be issued under an indenture to be dated as of May 14, 2014 (the "Indenture"), between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantors (as defined below), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as trustee (the "Trustee"), ING Bank N.V., London Branch, as security agent (the "Security Agent") and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying agent, in a private transaction that is not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Indenture will not incorporate or include terms of, or be subject to, the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
The proceeds of the offering of the Notes sold on the Issue Date, together with cash on hand, will be used to (i) redeem in full the Existing Senior Notes, (ii) make certain payments to holders of the Existing Junior Notes and (iii) pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offering, in each case as further described in ``Use of Proceeds."
Upon the initial issuance of the Notes, the Notes will only be obligations of the Issuer and will be guaranteed on a senior basis by Paroc Sverige AB, Paroc Oy Ab, Paroc AB, UAB Paroc, Paroc Panel System Oy Ab, Paroc Polska Sp. z o.o. and ZAO Paroc (together, the "Guarantors").
The Indenture will be unlimited in aggregate principal amount. We may, subject to applicable law, issue an unlimited principal amount of additional Notes having identical terms and conditions as the applicable Notes (the ``Additional Notes"); provided that if the Additional Notes are not fungible with the applicable Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes may be issued with a separate ISIN code, CUSIP or Common Code, as applicable, such that the Additional Notes are distinguishable from the applicable Notes. We will only be permitted to issue Additional Notes in compliance with the covenants contained in the Indenture, including the covenants restricting the Incurrence of Indebtedness and the Incurrence of Liens (as described below under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness" and ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Liens"). Except as otherwise provided for in the Indenture, the Notes issued in this Offering and, if issued, any Additional Notes will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this `Description of the Notes," references to the ``Notes" include the Notes and any Additional Notes that are actually issued under the Indenture.
