195
"Euro-zone'' means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that at the relevant time have adopted the euro.
"Interest Period'' means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on and including the day immediately preceding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Issue Date and end on and include August 15, 2014.
"Representative Amount'' means the greater of (i) 1.0 million and (ii) an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
"Reuters Page EURIBOROl" means the display page or screen so designated on Reuters (or such other page or screen as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor).
"TARGET Settlement Day'' means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open for the settlement of payments.
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on each Determination Date, determine the Applicable Rate and calculate the aggregate amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of the following Interest Period (the "Interest Amount"). The Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Applicable Rate to the principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes outstanding at the commencement of the Interest Period, multiplying each such amount by the actual number of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360. All percentages resulting from any of the above calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with five one-millionths of a percentage point being rounded upwards (e.g., 4.876545% (or .04876545) being rounded to 4.87655% (or .0487655)). All euro amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest euro cent (with one-half euro cent being rounded upwards). The determination of the Applicable Rate and the Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of willful default, bad faith or manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. In no event will the rate of interest on the Floating Rate Notes be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall not be responsible for verifying that the rate of interest on the Floating Rate Notes is permitted under any applicable law.
The rights of Holders to receive the payments of interest on such Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream. If the due date for any payment in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
Methods of Receiving Payments on the Notes
