9. all inventory (including, but not limited to, raw materials, manufactured goods, technical materials, spare parts and other) of UAB Paroc in circulation;
11. all third party contracts, agreements or other business arrangements of Paroc AB.
The Collateral will be pledged pursuant to the Security Documents to the Security Agent on behalf of the Holders of the Notes and holders of the other secured obligations that are secured by the Collateral. Any other security interests that may in the future be granted to secure obligations under the Notes, any Note Guarantees and the Indenture would also constitute "Collateral.'' The Indenture will provide that the Liens on the Capital Stock of the Issuer will be released upon any shares of the Issuer that are listed upon and from the completion of an Initial Public Offering of the Issuer.
Subject to the terms of the Indenture and the Security Documents, the Issuer and the Guarantors, as the case may be, will be entitled to exercise any and all voting rights and to receive and retain any and all cash dividends, stock dividends, liquidating dividends, non-cash dividends, shares of stock resulting from stock splits or reclassifications, rights issue, warrants, options and other distributions (whether similar or
200
dissimilar to the foregoing) in respect of the shares that are part of the Collateral until the occurrence of certain events described herein.
The Liens on the Collateral will be limited as necessary to recognize certain limitations arising under or imposed by local law and defenses generally available to providers of Collateral (including those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate purpose or benefit, capital maintenance or similar laws, regulations or defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally) or other considerations under applicable law. For a brief description of such limitations, see ``Certain Insolvency Law and Local Law Limitations.''
The assets that comprise the Collateral will also secure on a first-ranking basis the Revolving Credit Facility as well as certain Hedging Obligations and any Additional Notes and may also secure certain future Indebtedness, certain of which is entitled to payment from the proceeds of an enforcement of the Collateral in priority to the Notes. The proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations owed to the Holders of the Notes.
No appraisals of the Collateral have been made in connection with this Offering of the Notes. By its nature, some or all of the Collateral will be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, the Collateral may not be able to be sold in a short period of time, or at all. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and Our Structure--No appraisals of any of the Collateral have been prepared by us or on our behalf in connection with the issuance of the Notes. The Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value of the Collateral that has been granted as security for the Notes and/or the Note Guarantees, and the value of the Collateral securing the Notes may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Notes and such Collateral may be reduced or diluted under certain circumstances.''
