At the national level, individual countries put in place their own specific requirements from time to time that can drive market demand for insulation products. While the Nordic region has traditionally had relatively more comprehensive energy efficiency measures in place than our other focus markets, continued tightening of certain specific regulations (for example, the recent implementation in Finland and Sweden of new regulations requiring greater thicknesses for technical insulation) has recently fuelled demand for the higher margin, more specialized products offered by our Technical Insulation division. In addition, increased fire safety regulations in many of our markets (particularly in central Europe) in recent years has increased demand for our stone wool products, which are known for their superior fire resistance qualities compared with other insulation materials, particularly foam insulation.
Our experienced and committed management team led by Kari Lehtinen, our Chief Executive Officer, and Anders Dahlblom, our Chief Financial Officer, is a key factor in the continuing success of our business. Our management team has a strong background in manufacturing businesses, with an average of approximately 18 years of industry experience. Our management team has implemented a comprehensive business plan that we believe will allow us to protect our market share in our home markets and capture growth in our other focus markets. In addition, our management team includes a strong senior management team, with the division heads representing a combined total of 89 years' industry experience, with 61 years at Paroc Group.
Our Strategy
We believe we have a strong business platform across our established divisions. We will continue to leverage our strengths and drive improvements based on the following key strategies:
Maintain existing presence and grow market share in home markets, with continued innovation and expansion of our product and solution offering
In our home markets of Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States, our key priority is to maintain and protect what we believe are our existing market leadership positions through a continuing commitment to innovation, in particular through the creation and development of what we believe to be superior, premium insulation products.
We are highly motivated to improve and develop our product and service offering, as we pursue innovation through research and development projects. In our BI division, we intend to strengthen our product offering in the renovation and low lambda segments (where "lambda'' is a measure of the insulating capacity of a product for a given thickness, with lower values indicating a better insulating capacity). The renovation sector is attractive as it tends to be less vulnerable to market cyclicalities than the new build construction sector, and lower lambda products are appealing to customers because they provide the same level of insulation with a thinner insulation layer or provide a higher level of insulation with the same insulation thickness. In our TI division, we intend to focus on the development of new HVAC solutions, as well as oil & gas and marine product certifications, since product certifications are vital to our key TI end-market customers. Externally, we are focused on enhancing our existing products and developing new products to meet our customers' known and anticipated needs. Internally, we are focused on innovation across the organization, including integrating new technologies and adopting new methods of working with our customers. We also intend to strengthen our dealer network to set ourselves apart as the supplier of choice in our other focus markets. In our PPS division, we intend to focus on value-add services to our products, utilizing our skilled staff to develop tailored solutions for our customers' projects, ensure smooth implementation of those projects and provide technical advice on the design and selection of structural solutions.
Grow our market share in other focus markets with existing proven products
In our BI division, our strategic priority is to secure a recognized market position, which we aim to achieve by growing faster than the underlying construction market with modest share gains, driven by strong brand positioning and an active sales strategy of dealer and contractor targeting.
