If the Issuer effects an optional redemption of Notes, it will, for so long as Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, inform the Irish Stock Exchange of such optional redemption and confirm the aggregate principal amount of Notes of that series that will remain outstanding immediately after such redemption.
In connection with any redemption of Notes (including with the proceeds from an Equity Offering, to the extent applicable), any such redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent. Unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption on the applicable redemption date.
Sinking Fund
The Issuer is not required to make mandatory redemption payments or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.
Selection and Notice
If less than all of the Notes is to be redeemed at any time, the Paying Agent or the Registrar will select Notes for redemption on apro rata basis (or based on a method that most nearly approximates apro rata selection as the Paying Agent or the Registrar deems fair and appropriate), unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or depository requirements. Neither the Paying Agent nor the Registrar will be liable for any selections made by it in accordance with this paragraph.
204
For so long as the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer shall publish notice of redemption in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish T im e s) and in addition to such publication, not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, mail such notice to Holders of the Fixed Rate Notes by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at their respective addresses as they appear on the registration books of the Registrar. Such notice of redemption may instead be published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (w w w .ise .ie ).
If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note shall state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. In the case of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of any Definitive Registered Note redeemed in part will be issued in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Definitive Registered Note. In the case of a Global Note, an appropriate notation will be made on such Global Note to decrease the principal amount thereof to an amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof. Subject to the terms of the applicable redemption notice, Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. Unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.
