or any combination of the preceding clauses (1) through (8) above.
The Payor will (i) make any required withholding or deduction and (ii) remit the full amount deducted or withheld to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in accordance with applicable law. The Payor will provide certified copies of tax receipts evidencing the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld from each Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction imposing such Taxes, or if such tax receipts are not available, certified copies of other reasonable evidence of such payments as soon as reasonably practicable to the Trustee. Such copies shall be made available to the Holders upon reasonable request and will be made available at the offices of the Paying Agent.
If any Payor is obligated to pay Additional Amounts under or with respect to any payment made on any Note or any Note Guarantee, at least 30 days prior to the date of such payment, the Payor will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amount estimated to be so payable and such other information necessary to enable the Paying Agent to pay Additional Amounts to Holders on the relevant payment date (unless such obligation to pay Additional Amounts arises less than 45 days prior to the relevant payment date, in which case the Payor may deliver such Officer's Certificate as promptly as practicable thereafter). The Trustee shall be entitled to rely solely on such Officer's Certificate as conclusive proof that such payments are necessary.
Wherever in the Indenture, the Notes or this "Description of the Notes' there is mentioned, in any context:
1. the payment of principal;
2. purchase prices in connection with a purchase of Notes;
3. interest; or
4. any other amount payable on or with respect to any of the Notes or any Note Guarantee,
such reference shall be deemed to include payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof.
