We anticipate that demand in the Russian market will support our new Tver manufacturing facility operating at high capacity utilization from the second year of its operation. Although no decision has yet been made, detailed plans are being considered for the addition of a second production line in Tver for the manufacture of base stone wool, as well as the addition of new machinery that would provide us with off line TI production capacity, which would double base production capacity in Russia and allow us to take advantage of growing Russian demand for technical insulation solutions.
We plan to improve efficiency and cost savings through a continued focus on research and development. We have implemented our ``Operational Excellence'' plan, which is a clear and detailed cost savings program through which we have delivered, and believe we will continue to deliver, significant savings. We anticipate that these savings will primarily come from our Base Production division, with one of the key sources of cost reduction expected to be energy efficiency measures applied throughout the production process. Through these initiatives, we believe we can manage our cost base more effectively and generate margin enhancement through operational leverage if we increase production over the medium term.
The Issuer
The Issuer is a private limited liability company ("osakeyhtio") incorporated under the laws of Finland and registered in the commercial register kept by the National Board of Patents and Registration of Finland under business identity code 2303371-0. Its registered office is Energiakuja 3, 00180 Helsinki, and its telephone number is +358 46 876 8000.
Recent Developments
Based on preliminary results, our revenue for the three-month period ended March 31, 2014 was 97.6 million, as compared to 95.6 million for the three-month period ended March 31, 2013. This slight increase was driven primarily by growth in BI and TI net sales volumes, as well as improvements in product mix as a result of our continued focus on sales of higher margin, value-added HVAC products, partially offset by a decrease in net sales in our PPS division and foreign exchange translation losses. Our EBITDA for the three-month period ended March 31, 2014 was 11.2 million, as compared to 13.4 million for the three-month period ended March 31, 2013. This decrease was primarily attributable to a significant increase in one-off costs incurred in connection with design and planning activities undertaken in connection with a feasibility study around a potential second phase of Russian expansion, start-up costs incurred at our new manufacturing facility in Tver and foreign exchange translation losses, which were partially offset by improvements in product mix, raw materials cost savings and savings on distribution costs realized as a result of our new local production operating model in Russia. Our cash flow from operations was also impacted by an increase in the change in operating net working capital, which increased from negative 3.9 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2013 to negative 12.3 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2014, primarily as a result of (i) higher trade receivables as of December 31, 2012 as compared to December 31, 2013, which were paid in the first quarter of 2013, and (ii) the introduction of our project to improve accounts payable in the first quarter of 2013, which had a positive impact on change in working capital, the effects of which were not as pronounced in the first quarter of 2014 with the project fully underway through the fourth quarter of 2013.
5
The above information is based solely on preliminary results and estimates and is not intended to be a comprehensive statement of our financial or operational results for the three-month period ended March 31, 2014. Our preliminary results in relation to the three-month period ended March 31, 2014 are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. While we believe these estimates to be reasonable, the above information may be subject to modification during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and audit thereof by our independent auditors. Accordingly, our actual results for the three-month period ended March 31, 2014 may vary from our preliminary results and estimates above, and such variations could be material. As such, you should not place undue reliance on them. See "Forward-Looking Statements'' and "Risk Factors'' for a more complete discussion of certain of the factors that could affect our future performance and results of operation. The above preliminary financial information has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, our management. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to such preliminary financial information. Accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.
6
