Enforceability of Judgments
Consent to Jurisdiction and Service
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantors will in the Indenture irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, County and State of New York, United States. The Indenture will provide that the Issuer and each Guarantor will appoint an agent for service of process in any suit, action or proceeding with respect to the Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees brought in any U.S. federal or New York state court located in the City of New York.
Governing Law
The Indenture and the Notes, and the rights and duties of the parties thereunder, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The Intercreditor Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. The Security Documents will be governed by the law of the location of the relevant asset that is part of the Collateral.
Certain Definitions
``Acquired Indebtedness'' means Indebtedness (1) of a Person or any of its Subsidiaries existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or (2) assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from such Person, in each case, whether or not Incurred by such Person in connection with such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or such acquisition or (3) of a Person at the time such Person merges with or into or consolidates or otherwise combines with the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary. Acquired Indebtedness shall be deemed to have been Incurred, with respect to clause (1) of the preceding sentence, on the date such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and, with respect to clause (2) of the preceding sentence, on the date of consummation of such acquisition of assets and, with respect to clause (3) of the preceding sentence, on the date of the relevant merger, consolidation or other combination.
"Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, ``control'' when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and ``controlled'' have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
240
