Redemption of Global Notes
Payments on Global Notes
Payments of any amounts owing in respect of the Global Notes (including principal, premium, interest and additional amounts) will be made by the Issuer in euros to the paying agent. The paying agent will, in turn, make such payments to Euroclear and/or Clearstream after the common depositary advises the paying agent of the amounts due to each of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as of the relevant record date and instructs the paying agent to make the payments to Euroclear and/or Clearstream. Euroclear and/or Clearstream will in turn distribute such payments to participants in accordance with its procedures. We will make payments of all such amounts without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature except as may be required by
275
law and as described under "D e sc rip tio n o f th e N o te s -- W ith h o ld in g Taxes. '' If any such deduction or withholding is required to be made, then, to the extent described under `D e s c r ip tio n o f th e N o te s -- W ith h o ld in g T axes,' we will pay additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by any holder of the Global Notes or owner of Book-Entry Interests after such deduction or withholding will equal the net amounts that such holder or owner would have otherwise received in respect of such Global Note or Book-Entry Interest, as the case may be, absent such withholding or deduction.
We expect that payments by participants to owners of Book-Entry Interests held through such participants will be governed by standing customer instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in "street name.'' Payments by participants to owners of Book-Entry Interests held through participants are the responsibility of such participants, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in "street name.''
In order to tender Book-Entry Interests in a change of control offer or asset sale offer, the holder of the applicable Global Note must, within the time period specified in such offer, give notice of such tender to the paying agents and specify the principal amount of Book-Entry Interests to be tendered.
Action by Owners of Book-Entry Interests
Euroclear and Clearstream have advised the Issuer that they will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder (including the presentation of Notes for exchange as described above) only at the direction of the participant to whose account the Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes are credited and only in respect of such portion to the aggregate principal amount of Notes as to which such participant has given such direction. Euroclear and Clearstream will not exercise any discretion in the granting of consents, waivers or the taking of any other action in respect of the Global Notes. However, if there is an Event of Default under the Indenture, each of Euroclear and Clearstream reserves the right to exchange the Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes in certificated form, and to distribute such Definitive Registered Notes to its participants, as described in the subsection "--D e fin itiv e R e g iste re d N o te s. ''
