The Book-Entry Interests will trade through participants of Euroclear or Clearstream and will settle in same-day funds. Since the purchase determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any Book-Entry Interests where both the purchaser's and seller's accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
You should be aware that investors will only be able to make and receive deliveries, payments and other communications involving Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream on days when those systems are open for business.
276
In addition, because of time-zone differences, there may be complications with completing transactions involving Euroclear and/or Clearstream on the same business day as in the United States. U.S. investors who wish to transfer their interests in the Notes, or to receive or make a payment or delivery of Notes, on a particular day, may find that the transactions will not be performed until the next business day in Brussels if Euroclear is used, or Luxembourg if Clearstream is used. Clearing Information We expect that the Notes will be accepted for clearance through the facilities of Euroclear and Clearstream. The international securities identification numbers and common code numbers for the Notes are set out under ``Listing and General Information Euroclear and Clearstream hold securities for participating organizations and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream provide to their participants, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream interface with domestic securities markets. Euroclear and Clearstream participants are financial institutions such as underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Euroclear or Clearstream is also available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodian relationship with a Euroclear or Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly. Because Euroclear and Clearstream can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of an owner of a beneficial interest to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear or Clearstream systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of a definite certificate for that interest. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests to such persons may be limited. In addition, owners of beneficial interests through the Euroclear or Clearstream systems will receive distributions attributable to the 144A Global Notes only through Euroclear or Clearstream participants.
277
CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS
EU Savings Tax Directive
Under EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments (the "EU Savings Directive"), each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected by such a person for, an individual resident in that other Member State or certain limited types of entity (called "Residual Entities'' within the meaning of article 4.2 of the EU Savings Directive) established in that other Member State. However, for a transitional period, Luxembourg and Austria may instead (unless during that period they elect otherwise) apply a withholding system in relation to such payments, deducting tax at a rate of 35 per cent. The transitional period is to terminate at the end of the first full fiscal year following agreement by certain non-EU countries to the exchange of information relating to such payments. On April 10, 2013, the Luxembourg government announced its intention to abolish the withholding tax procedure with effect as of January 1, 2015 in favor of the automatic exchange of information procedure as provided for by the EU Savings Directive.
On 18 March 2014, the Luxembourg government has submitted to the Luxembourg Parliament the draft Bill N° 6668 on taxation of savings income putting an end to the current withholding tax regime as from 1 January 2015 and implementing the automatic exchange of information as from that date. This draft Bill is in line with the announcement of the Luxembourg government of April 10, 2013. A number of non-EU countries, and certain dependent or associated territories of certain Member States, have adopted similar measures (either provision of information or transitional withholding) in relation to payments made by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected by such a person for, an individual resident in a Member State or a Residual Entity established in a Member State. In addition, the Member States have entered into provision of information or transitional withholding arrangements with certain of those dependent or associated territories in relation to payments made by a person in a Member State to, or collected by such a person for, an individual resident in, or a Residual Entity established in, one of those dependent or associated territories.
