Under EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments (the "EU Savings Directive"), each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected by such a person for, an individual resident in that other Member State or certain limited types of entity (called "Residual Entities'' within the meaning of article 4.2 of the EU Savings Directive) established in that other Member State. However, for a transitional period, Luxembourg and Austria may instead (unless during that period they elect otherwise) apply a withholding system in relation to such payments, deducting tax at a rate of 35 per cent. The transitional period is to terminate at the end of the first full fiscal year following agreement by certain non-EU countries to the exchange of information relating to such payments. On April 10, 2013, the Luxembourg government announced its intention to abolish the withholding tax procedure with effect as of January 1, 2015 in favor of the automatic exchange of information procedure as provided for by the EU Savings Directive.
The European Council formally adopted a Council Directive amending the EU Savings Directive on March 24, 2014 (the "Amending Directive''). The Amending Directive broadens the scope of the requirements described above. Member States have until January 1, 2016 to adopt the national legislation necessary to comply with the Amending Directive. The changes made under the Amending Directive include extending the scope of the EU Savings Directive to payments made to, or secured for, certain other entities and legal arrangements. They also broaden the definition of "interest payment'' to cover income that is equivalent to interest.
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT)
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax ("FTT") in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain (``Participating Member States").
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.
Pursuant to the current proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, ``established'' in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (i) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State.
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and is the subject of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
278
