In certain circumstances (see ``D e s c r ip tio n o f th e N o te s -- O p tio n a l R e d e m p t i o n " ``D e s c r ip tio n o f th e N o te s -- C h a n g e o f C o n tr o l" and ``D e s c r ip tio n o f th e N o te s -- --W ith h o ld in g T a x e s ") we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of stated interest or principal on a series of Notes.
The Issuer's determination that these contingencies are remote or incidental is binding on a U.S. Holder, unless such U.S. Holder explicitly discloses to the IRS on its tax return for the year during which it acquires a series of Notes that it is taking a different position. However, this determination is not binding on the
281
IRS. If the IRS takes a contrary position to that described above, a U.S. Holder may be required to accrue interest income on a series of Notes based upon a comparable yield, regardless of the U.S. Holder's method of accounting. The "comparable yield'' of the relevant series of Notes is the yield at which the Issuer would issue a fixed-rate debt instrument with no contingent payments, but with terms and conditions similar to those of such series of Notes. In addition, any gain on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of such series of Notes would generally be recharacterized as ordinary income. U.S. Holders of Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a series of Notes being treated as contingent payment debt instruments. The remainder of this discussion assumes that the Notes will not be treated as contingent payment debt instruments.
Payments of Stated Interest
Stated interest on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on the holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Stated interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes generally constitutes income from sources outside the United States. The amount of stated income recognized by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note), based on the exchange rate between the euro and the U.S. dollar in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. A cash basis U.S. Holder generally will not realize exchange gain or loss on the interest payment but may realize exchange gain or loss when the holder disposes of any foreign currency it receives (as discussed below under "E x c h a n g e G a in o r L o s s w ith R e s p e c t to F oreign C u rre n c y ").
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognized with respect to an interest payment denominated in foreign currency in accordance with either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of the U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year).
Under the second method, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of the U.S. Holder, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.
Upon an accrual basis U.S. Holder's receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note) denominated in foreign currency, the U.S. Holder may recognize exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss and generally U.S. source) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
