Except as described in the next paragraph, gain or loss on a disposition of a Note generally will be U.S. source capital gain or loss. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Note for more than one year at the time of disposition. A non-corporate U.S. Holder generally will be eligible for reduced rates of taxation on any long-term capital gain recognized. Deductions for capital losses are subject to limitations.
Exchange Gain or Loss with Respect to Foreign Currency
The tax basis of a U.S. Holder in foreign currency received as interest on a Note will be the U.S. dollar value thereof at the spot rate in effect on the date the foreign currency is received. Upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of a Note, if the relevant series of Notes is traded on an established securities market for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a cash basis taxpayer or an electing accrual basis taxpayer will have a basis in the foreign currency received equal to the U.S. dollar value thereof at the spot rate in effect on the settlement date of such sale, exchange or disposition (that is, the same date that the foreign currency is valued for purposes of determining the amount realized on the Note). In all other cases, since the amount realized is based on the spot rate in effect on the date of the sale, exchange or retirement of the Note (including the trade date if the relevant series of Notes is traded on an established securities market), (i) the taxpayer will realize foreign exchange gain or loss to the extent the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency received (based on the spot rate in effect on the date of receipt) differs from the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on the date of the sale, exchange, or retirement of the Note, and (ii) the taxpayer's basis in the foreign currency received will equal the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency, based on the spot rate in effect on the date of receipt. Any gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder on a sale, exchange or other disposition of the foreign currency will be ordinary income or loss and generally will be U.S. source income or loss.
In certain circumstances, U.S. Treasury regulations require foreign exchange losses in excess of a threshold amount to be reported to the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors to determine the tax
283
return obligations, if any, with respect to an investment in the Notes, including any requirement to file IRS Form 8886. Backup Withholding and Information Reporting In general, payments of principal, interest on, and the proceeds of a sale or other disposition of Notes, by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable information reporting requirements. Backup withholding may apply to these payments if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or otherwise fails to comply with the applicable backup withholding rules. Certain U.S. Holders that provide an appropriate certification or otherwise qualify for exemption are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining an exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules from a payment made to a U.S. Holder generally may be claimed as a credit against such holder's U.S. federal income tax liability provided the appropriate information is timely furnished to the IRS. Information with Respect to Foreign Financial Assets Individual U.S. Holders that own "specified foreign financial assets'' with an aggregate value in excess of $50,000 are generally required to file information reports with respect to such assets with their U.S. federal income tax returns. Depending on the individual's circumstances, higher threshold amounts may apply. ``Specified foreign financial assets'' include any financial accounts maintained by foreign financial institutions, as well as any of the following, but only if they are not held in accounts maintained by certain financial institutions: (i) stocks and securities issued by non-U.S. persons, (ii) financial instruments and contracts held for investment that have non-U.S. issuers or counterparties and (iii) interests in non-U.S. entities. A series of Notes may be treated as specified foreign financial assets. A U.S. Holder may be subject to this information reporting regime and required to file IRS Form 8938 listing these assets with its U.S. federal income tax return. Failure to file information reports may subject a U.S. Holder to penalties. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding their obligations to file information reports with respect to the Notes.
284
CERTAIN INSOLVENCY LAW AND LOCAL LAW LIMITATIONS
The terms of the Note Guarantees and Security Documents limit enforcement of the obligations thereunder to comply with applicable local laws. See also "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and Our Structure--Insolvency laws and other limitations on the Note Guarantee and the Collateral may adversely affect their validity and enforceability."
