The courts of all Member States (other than Denmark) must recognize the judgment of the court opening main proceedings which will be given the same effect in the other Member States so long as no territorial proceedings have been opened there. The liquidator appointed by a court in a Member State that has jurisdiction to open main proceedings (because the debtor's ``centre of main interests'' is there) may exercise the powers conferred on him or her by the law of that Member State in another Member State
(such as to remove assets of the company from that other Member State) subject to certain limitations so long as no insolvency proceedings have been opened in that other Member State or any preservation measures taken to the contrary further to a request to open insolvency proceedings in that other Member State in which the debtor has assets.
Further to the above, the Nordic Bankruptcy Convention of 7 November 1933 (the ``N o rd ic B a n k ru p tc y C o n v e n tio n "), which has been signed by Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden (each a "N o rd ic C o u n try '' and together, the "N o r d ic C o u n trie s"), applies between these Nordic countries. However, the EU Insolvency Regulation has replaced the convention as between Finland and Sweden. According to the Nordic Bankruptcy Convention a bankruptcy opened in any of the Nordic Countries comprises all assets and liabilities of a bankrupt debtor located in any of these countries, and the bankruptcy administrator is authorized to dispose of all the assets of the bankruptcy estate, regardless of such location (save for the EU Insolvency Regulation which apply between Sweden and Finland). Moreover, the Nordic Bankruptcy Convention stipulates that the law of the Nordic country in which the insolvency proceedings are opened (lex concursus) is applicable unless any specific exception is stated in the Nordic Bankruptcy Convention.
Finland
Applicable Insolvency Law
The Issuer, certain of the Guarantors and Safari Finco 1 Oy (a non-Guarantor security provider), are incorporated and have their centre of main interests in Finland. In the event of insolvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor, insolvency proceedings may be initiated in Finland. Such proceedings would be governed by Finnish law.
Under Finnish law, if a company is insolvent or is at risk of becoming insolvent, the company may be the subject of three alternative types of proceedings: company restructuring, bankruptcy and liquidation. However, in practice, a liquidation proceeding would be followed by bankruptcy of the company if the settlement of all of the company's debts is not possible.
There are two primary insolvency regimes under Finnish law. The first, company restructuring (yrity ssa n e e ra u s), is intended to investigate whether the business has a reasonable possibility and sufficient resources to continue and, if so, to rehabilitate the company's viable business, ensure its continued viability and make arrangements with creditors. The second, bankruptcy (k o n k u rssi), is primarily designed to liquidate and distribute the assets of a debtor to its creditors.
Company Restructuring
