A bankruptcy covers all the liabilities of the debtor, and its objective is to liquidate the assets of the debtor and use the proceeds received in payment of the creditors' claims. The bankruptcy estate may (in exceptional situations) continue the company's business operations and the disposal of property should be realized as soon as it is reasonably possible. The debtor's assets are, from the beginning of the bankruptcy, subject to the authority of the estate administrator. The creditors are represented through the meeting of creditors. The estate administrator must act for the common benefit of all creditors and shall comply with the decisions and guidelines of the creditors in matters falling within the decision-making powers of the creditors.
A creditor who wishes to use his or her claim for set-off against a debt owed to the debtor must, when giving notice of the set-off, provide the estate administrator with the same information that would be provided in a claim letter.
The estate administrator draws up a list of how the proceeds of the estate are to be divided among the creditors (``draft disbursement list''). The court verifies that the estate administrator's disbursement list meets the statutory requirements and that the procedural provisions relating to the draft disbursement list have been observed.
The entitlement of creditors to payment out of the proceeds of the bankruptcy estate is proportionate to the amount of their claims, unless otherwise provided by law. However, according to the Finnish Act on Order of Payment of the Creditors (1572/1992, L a k i v e lk o jie n m a k s u sa a n tija r je sty k se sta ), the following creditors have priority over unsecured creditors: (i) secured creditors and holders of retention rights have priority to payment out of the proceeds of the relevant asset; (ii) the administrative expenses of the bankruptcy estate, claims on the basis of contracts that the bankruptcy estate (rather than the debtor) has entered into, any liabilities for which the bankruptcy estate is responsible by operation of law and a debt that has arisen between the commencement and discontinuation of restructuring proceedings; and (iii) claims that are secured by a business mortgage will receive prior to other unsecured claims 50% of the value of the mortgaged assets. The rights of all of the above-mentioned preferred creditors may adversely affect the interests of holders of the Notes. Bankruptcy of a Finnish Guarantor could result in holders of the Notes recovering considerably less than they would have otherwise been entitled to recover.
Under Finnish law, certain claims are settled after all other claims. In practice, the most significant such claims are the interest accruing on the claim during the period subsequent to the commencement of the bankruptcy and a loan or a bond which pursuant to its terms is subordinated to ordinary debt. The Finnish state has no preferential rights regarding taxes and other fiscal charges. The assets of the bankruptcy estate are disposed of in the most advantageous manner so as to maximize the aggregate net proceeds. However, secured creditors that are secured pursuant to a fixed charge over movable or immovable property may exercise their right to enforce such collateral regardless of the bankruptcy proceedings. The bankruptcy estate may however prohibit the sale for a maximum of two months.
Recovery of Assets
Pursuant to the Recovery Act 758/1991, la k i ta k a sin sa a n n ista k o n k u rs sip e s d d n , certain acts carried out by a debtor can be revoked if the rights of creditors have been prejudiced by those acts. According to the Finnish Restructuring Act and the Finnish Enforcement Code (705/2007, U lo so tto k a a ri), the grounds for recovery set forth in the Recovery Act are also to be applied in company reorganization and enforcement proceedings.
The bankruptcy estate administrator, the administrator in the company restructuring and certain creditors may seek to recover assets of the debtor in connection with bankruptcy, company restructuring or
288
