Limitations
Further, a company can only distribute its assets in the ways specified in the Finnish Companies Act. Other transactions that reduce the assets of the company or increase its liabilities without a sound business reason constitute unlawful distribution of assets. Granting of guarantees and security is subject to the rules applicable to distribution of funds and therefore, requires that the granting of guarantee/security is based on sound business reasons (corporate benefit). The business justification for granting the guarantee/ security is assessed on a company-level and on a stand-alone basis, without regard to any group benefit (synergies and the like can be taken into account to the extent they create direct benefits, such as cost savings, to the company).
For the above-mentioned reasons, it is standard market practice for indentures, credit agreements, guarantees and security documents to include language pursuant to which the scope of guarantees and security granted by limited liability companies incorporated in Finland is contractually limited so as to not be in conflict with the relevant statutory limitations. In line with this practice, the Indenture and the relevant Security Documents and the Guarantees relating to security granted by Finnish Guarantors and Safari Finco 1 Oy, as a non-Guarantor security provider will contain such limitation language and thus be so limited.
The limitation language included in the Indenture will provide substantially as follows:
The guarantees provided by the Finnish Guarantors in respect of obligations owed by parties other a) than itself and its wholly-owned subsidiaries shall be limited if (and only if) and to the extent granting such guarantee would:
(i) constitute unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of Chapter 13 Section 10 of the Finnish Companies Act, as amended or re-enacted from time to time; or
(ii) constitute unlawful distribution of assets within the meaning of Chapter 13 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.
The terms of the security documents granted by each Finnish Guarantor other than the Issuer will limit enforcement in all material respects in the same manner and to the same extent as the above-mentioned limitations in respect of the payment obligations under the Finnish Guarantors' Notes Guarantees. The New Revolving Credit Facility will contain a substantially similar limitation (except in relation guarantees and security provided by the relevant borrower and its parent entities), but due to the different uses of the proceeds of the financings, the actual application of the limitation may lead to a different outcome in relation to the New Revolving Credit Facility than in relation to the Notes.
In addition to the corporate benefit requirement, the granting of the guarantee/security has to be within the limits of the company's business purpose (as set out in its articles of association).
