Further, the judge commissioner may, under a motion from the bankruptcy estate administrator declare any encumbrances (security interests) established over the assets of the Guarantor (such as mortgages, pledges, registered pledges, etc.) ineffective towards the bankruptcy estate, to the extent that the Guarantor was not the personal (direct) obligor with respect to the underlying debt and if the encumbrance was established within one year prior to the filing of the motion to declare the Guarantor bankrupt and the Guarantor received no consideration or the consideration received was glaringly low compared to the value of the encumbrance. However, irrespective of the value of the consideration received, the judge commissioner will decide that the security interests established over the assets of the bankrupt entity are ineffective towards the bankruptcy estate if they secure obligations of an entity related to the bankrupt entity: (i) the Guarantor's shareholders, their representatives and/or relatives; (ii) affiliated companies, their shareholders, and/or representatives or relatives of such shareholders; and/ or (iii) the Guarantor's subsidiary or holding companies. Under Polish bankruptcy law, once bankruptcy of a company is declared by the relevant court no new encumbrances over such bankrupt company's assets may be established. This means that a registered pledge will not be entered into the relevant register of pledges post-bankruptcy, even if the registered pledge agreement had been entered into (and the application for filing had been submitted to the relevant court) before bankruptcy was declared. This limitation would not apply to mortgages in relation to which the application for filing had been submitted more than six months before the bankruptcy was declared.
The security interest created by any Guarantor incorporated in Poland may be held to be wholly or partly invalid as a result of the opening of insolvency proceedings, within the meaning of the EU Insolvency Regulation against such Guarantor in another Member State or as a result of the Polish courts being required, under that Regulation, to give effect to the law of that Member State or to recognize or enforce any judgment of a court of that Member State concerning those proceedings.
Polish Civil Code
Under the Polish Civil Code of April 23, 1964 (Journal of Laws (D zie n n ik U sta w ) of 1964, No. 16, Item 93, as amended), a creditor may request the court to declare a transaction (e.g., the granting of a guarantee or security or any disposal of assets) of such creditor's debtor ineffective towards such creditor if a third party obtains a benefit as a result of such transaction to the detriment of the debtor's creditors provided that the debtor acted with the knowledge of such detriment and the third-party beneficiary (a) knew of that fact or could have known if it exercised due care or (b) obtained the benefit for no consideration. A transaction is to the detriment of creditors if, as a result of such transaction, the debtor becomes insolvent or becomes insolvent to a greater extent.
In addition, if a debtor's entering into a given agreement made it wholly or partially impossible to satisfy a third party's claim, such third party may request that the court declare such agreement ineffective towards that third party, provided that the debtor and the other party to the agreement knew of the third party's claim or if the agreement was for no consideration.
Preservation of Capital
The Commercial Companies Code of September 15, 2000 (Journal of Laws (D zie n n ik U sta w ) of 2000, No. 94, Item 1037, as amended; Article 189) (the ``C o m m e r c ia l C o m p a n ie s C o d e ") restricts limited liability companies (sp o lk a z o g ra n ic zo n g o d p o w ie d z ia ln o s c ia ), such as Paroc Polska sp. z o.o., a Polish Guarantor, from making any payments to their shareholders (under any legal title) from their assets which are necessary to cover their share capital. This provision is not very clear but it is assumed that it forbids any payments to the shareholders as a result of which the assets of the company would become (or continue to
298
be) less than the nominal value of its share capital. In certain circumstances, a parent of a limited liability who obtained a benefit, might be obligated to return such benefits to this Polish limited liability company.
