If the court institutes bankruptcy proceedings, the court must determine the period within which creditors' claims must be submitted for approval. This period may not exceed 45 days after the decision to institute the bankruptcy comes into force. Creditors acquire their rights as creditors in the bankruptcy process only after the court approves their claims and registers them on the creditors' list. If a creditor fails to submit their claim within the specified term, the court may approve the claim, but only if the creditor proves to the court that the there was good cause for their failure to submit their claim in a timely fashion.
The extrajudicial bankruptcy process can be chosen provided that no action has been brought in court in which claims, including claims connected with employment relationship, have been raised against the company and provided no execution is levied on the company under the writs of execution issued by the courts or other institutions (such as in a notary public, prosecutor, other institutions and officials). A decision to carry out extrajudicial bankruptcy procedures may be taken by a creditors' meeting if the creditors, whose claims in terms of value account for at least 75% of the amount of the company's liabilities on the day of adoption of the decision, including those which have not yet matured, vote in favour of such procedure.
It is important to note that the ability to receive payment on the Notes under a Note Guarantee issued by a Lithuanian entity may be adversely affected by the following provision of the Lithuanian law governing the bankruptcy process under which, after the court (or creditors' meeting) decision to institute bankruptcy
300
proceedings becomes effective, a discharge of financial obligations not discharged prior to the institution of bankruptcy proceedings, including payment of interest, penalties, taxes and other mandatory payments, or recovery of debts from the company through the court or without suit, except for set-off, where such set-off is permitted under the provisions of set-off of tax overpayment (difference) provided for in tax legislation, shall be prohibited. The computation of penalties and interest on all obligations of the company, including default interest related to the employment relationships, is suspended. The Company shall be entitled to engage itself in economic and commercial activities, provided they reduce the losses of creditors incurred due to bankruptcy institution, and use the income received from such activities to cover the expenses related to these activities. No forced mortgage may be imposed on the company's assets. Furthermore, upon a creditors' request, the court may impose restrictions on the Guarantor's economiccommercial activities any disposal of its assets and determine that assets may be sold, leased, pledged, used as a surety or a guarantee for the discharge of third person's liabilities or otherwise transferred only with a permission of the court. Debt subordination agreements may not be enforceable in case of bankruptcy, because parties may not change the priority of creditors prescribed by the Lithuanian law.
A bankruptcy administrator must examine the transactions entered by the company under bankruptcy in the period of 36 months (or in the case of intentional bankruptcy, in the period of 60 months) prior to the institution of the bankruptcy proceedings and must challenge those transactions that are contrary to the objectives of the company's activities and/or which could have led to the inability of the company to settle with creditors.
During a bankruptcy process the creditors' claims secured by pledge/mortgage are satisfied from the sale proceeds of these pledged/mortgaged assets or from the transfer of the pledged/mortgaged assets to the secured creditor. If the pledged/mortgaged assets are insufficient to satisfy the entire claim of the secured creditor, the unsatisfied part of such creditor's claim will be settled in the same procedure as of unsecured creditors. If a creditor holds financial collateral created pursuant to the Act on Financial Collateral Arrangements (IX-2127, Finansinio uztikrinimo susitarimu istatymas), implementing requirements of Council Directive 47/02 EC on Financial Collateral Arrangements, (``Financial Collateral") in respect of the bankrupt company, the creditor may set off such Financial Collateral against its claims against the bankrupt company notwithstanding the initiated bankruptcy proceeding. Financial Collateral is not publicly registered and is common in practice as security provided to financial institutions. Financial Collateral is regulated by the Act on Financial Collateral Arrangements. The claims of unsecured creditors are satisfied in two stages.
During the first stage, creditors' claims excluding interest and penalties are satisfied, while in the second stage the remaining part of the creditors' claims (interest and penalties) are settled. All creditors' claims are settled in the following sequence prescribed by the Lithuanian bankruptcy laws:
(a) firstly, the claims of the employees arising from employment relationship, claims for occupational injuries or death due to accidents at work and claims for the agricultural products bought for the processing purposes are settled;
