The ability to receive payments on the Notes under a Note Guarantee issued by a Lithuanian entity may be negatively affected if restructuring proceedings are started against a Guarantor. The restructuring is the
process targeted at preserving business, paying debts and avoiding bankruptcy by the companies having financial difficulties, provided they have not stopped their business. The company is considered as having financial difficulties if it may not settle its liabilities and reduce losses leading to termination of its business and going bankrupt. During the restructuring process the company's business is sought to be preserved by deploying economic, technical, organizational and other means and receiving support from the company's creditors. The restructuring proceeding may be started if all the below conditions exist:
(a) the company has financial difficulties or there is a probability that it will have financial difficulties in the nearest 3 months;
(b) the company has not stopped its business;
(c) the company is not under bankruptcy or bankrupt;
(d) the company has been incorporated at least 3 years before the application for the restructuring proceedings is filed;
(e) at least 5 years have passed since the expiration or termination of the last restructuring of the company.
The restructuring proceedings are instituted by a court ruling. The decision to apply to court for the institution of the restructuring proceedings is passed by the company's general meeting of shareholders. Between the institution of the restructuring proceedings until the approval of the restructuring plan the company may not perform any liabilities or obligations that arose before the institution of the restructuring proceedings, transfer its assets, apply set-off, etc., the calculation of interest and default interest is stopped and the execution under the execution writs is stopped.
The court ruling must state the term within which the creditors must submit their claims. This term may not be less than 30 days and may not be longer than 45 days from the date the ruling to start restructuring comes into force. Generally the term may not be restored, and therefore if the creditor fails to submit their claim within this term, it may lose the ability to satisfy its claim.
