Lithuanian law draws distinction between a guarantee and a surety. The liability of a guarantor under a guarantee depends on the validity of the principal secured obligation and is limited to the amount indicated in the guarantee. The guarantor's obligation to pay under the guarantee arises according to the terms of the guarantee. The liability of the surety provider under the surety may be either joint and several or several. In the case of several liability, the enforcement must firstly be sought from the original debtor (the Issuer) and only if the original debtor is not able to settle the debts, the enforcement may be sought from the surety provider (as the case may be). In case of joint and several liability, the enforcement may be sought from either the original debtor or the surety provider or both. The obligations under the Note Guarantees may be enforced only if the obligations under the Notes have matured. Therefore, if the relevant Guarantor goes bankrupt and the Issuer has not yet become obligated to fulfill under the Notes, the liability under the Notes becomes unsecured.
303
Intercreditor Agreement provides for the creation of so-called ``parallel obligations." Pursuant to a parallel obligation, the Security Agent becomes the holder of a claim equal to the amount payable by the Issuer under the Indenture and the Notes. The parallel obligation is not known in Lithuanian law and thus the parallel obligation procedure may be subject to uncertainties as to validity and enforceability in Lithuania and other jurisdictions in which it is used as a mechanism for securing obligations under the Notes. We cannot assure you that the parallel obligation procedure will eliminate or mitigate the risk of unenforceability posed by Lithuanian laws or the laws in other applicable jurisdictions.
Russia
Russian Insolvency Law
C om m en cem en t o f bankruptcy proceedings
As a general rule, a company is deemed to be insolvent if its debts are at least three months overdue. At the request of a creditor or authority, bankruptcy proceedings may be initiated if the overdue amount is not less than RUB 100,000 (approximately 2,000) and is confirmed by a court or arbitration decision. In certain cases the company itself may, and sometimes is obliged to, file for its bankruptcy.
Stages
Russian insolvency legislation provides for four major stages of bankruptcy proceedings, some of which are mandatory and some of which are optional.
