change of control) exceeds 250 million roubles. The filing responsibility is on the new controlling company.
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
We intend to offer the Notes through the Initial Purchasers. Goldman Sachs International, ING Bank N.V, London Branch, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Danske Bank A/S and Nordea Bank Danmark A/S are the Initial Purchasers.
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the purchase agreement between the Issuer and the Initial Purchasers dated the date of this offering memorandum, the Issuer has agreed to sell to the Initial Purchasers and the Initial Purchasers severally have agreed to purchase from the Issuer, all the Notes offered hereby. The purchase agreement provides that the Initial Purchasers are obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase all the Notes, if any are purchased. In the event that an Initial Purchaser fails or refuses to purchase the Notes which it has agreed to purchase, the purchase agreement provides that the purchase commitments of the other Initial Purchasers may be increased or that the purchase agreement may be terminated.
The Initial Purchasers are offering the Notes, subject to prior sale, when, as and if issued to and accepted by them, subject to approval of legal matters by their counsel, including the validity of the Notes, and other conditions contained in the purchase agreement, such as the receipt by the Initial Purchasers of officer's certificates and customary legal opinions. The Initial Purchasers reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to investors and to reject orders in whole or in part.
The Initial Purchasers have advised us that they propose to offer the Notes initially at the offering price listed on the cover page of this offering memorandum and may also offer the Notes to selling group members at the offering price less a selling concession. After the initial offering, the offering price and other selling terms of the Notes may be varied at any time without notice. Sales of the Notes by the Initial Purchasers in the United States may be made through affiliates of the Initial Purchasers who are U.S. registered broker-dealers.
The Issuer has agreed to pay the Initial Purchasers certain customary fees for their services in connection with the Offering and to reimburse them for certain out-of-pocket expenses. The Issuer has also agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the Initial Purchasers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the U.S. Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the Initial Purchasers may be required to make in respect of those liabilities.
Certain members of the Lender-Owner Syndicate are expected to purchase Notes in the Offering.
Notes are not Being Registered Under the U.S. Securities Act
