Certain members of the Lender-Owner Syndicate are expected to purchase Notes in the Offering.
The Notes and the Note Guarantees have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless the Notes and the Note Guarantees are registered under the U.S. Securities Act, or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available. Accordingly, each of the Initial Purchasers, severally and not jointly, has agreed that it will not offer or sell the Notes except (i) to "qualified institutional buyers'' (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act (``Rule 144A")) ("QIBs") in reliance on Rule 144A and (ii) to persons other than ``U.S. persons'' (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act (``Regulation 5")) outside the United States in offshore transactions (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S. Any offer or sale of Notes in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A will be made by broker-dealers who are registered as such under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended the ``U.S. Exchange Act''). Because Nordea Bank Danmark A/S is not registered with the SEC as a U.S.-registered brokerdealer, it will effect offers and sales of the Notes solely outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S.
In addition, until the expiration of 40 days after the commencement of this Offering, an offer or sale of the Notes within the United States by a broker/dealer (whether or not participating in this offering) may violate the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act or pursuant to another exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. Resales of the Notes are restricted as described under ``Transfer Restrictions. ''
Each purchaser of the Notes will be deemed to have made acknowledgments, representations and agreements as described under ``Transfer Restrictions. ''
307
United Kingdom
Each of the Initial Purchasers, severally and not jointly, represented and warranted to us that:
(1) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or instrument to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and
(2) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
