These activities may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. As a result, the price of the Notes may be higher than the prices that otherwise might exist in the open market. Neither the Initial Purchasers nor the Issuer make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the Notes. In addition, there is no obligation on the Stabilizing Manager to engage in such transactions and neither the Initial Purchasers nor the Issuer make any representation that the Stabilizing Manager will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. Any stabilizing action, if commenced, must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Notes.
It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment therefor on or about the date specified in the last paragraph of the cover page of this offering memorandum, which will be the third business day following the date of pricing of the Notes (this settlement cycle being referred to as "T+3").
308
Other Relationships The Initial Purchasers or their respective affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with us and our affiliates. They have received, and expect to receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Each of ING Bank N.V, an affiliate of ING Bank N.V, London Branch, Danske Bank Oyj, an affiliate of Danske Bank A/S and Nordea Bank Finland Plc, an affiliate of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S, is a member of the Lender-Owner Syndicate and also a lender and/or agent bank and/or security agent under the Existing Senior Facility and a note holder and/or agent bank in connection with the Existing Senior Notes, all of which will be repaid and/or canceled with the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes. Each is also a note holder and/or agent bank in connection with the Existing Junior Notes. A portion of the proceeds of the Offering, together with cash on hand, will be used to (i) partially redeem, and pay accrued and unpaid interest on, the Existing Junior Notes and (ii) fund the purchase by Safari Luxco 2 S.A. of Existing Junior Notes from the Lender-Owner Syndicate. ING Bank N.V, London Branch is also an arranger, lender and the security agent under the New Revolving Credit Facility, and Danske Bank Oyj, an affiliate of Danske Bank A/S and Nordea Bank Finland Plc, an affiliate of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S, will be lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, in connection with which they will receive customary fees and commissions for these roles. After the completion Offering, each of ING Bank N.V, London Branch, Danske Bank A/S and Nordea Bank Danmark A/S or affiliates thereof will continue to be members of the Lender-Owner Syndicate. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Initial Purchasers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. Certain of the Initial Purchasers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with us routinely hedge their credit exposure to us consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Initial Purchasers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in our securities, including potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Initial Purchasers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
309
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
You are a d v ise d to co n su lt legal co u n se l p r io r to m a k in g an y offer, sale, resale, p le d g e o r o th e r tran sfer o f the
N otes.
The Notes and the Note Guarantees have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws, and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the Notes are being offered and sold only (i) to "qualified institutional buyers'' (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act (``R u le 1 4 4 A " )) ("Q IB s") in reliance on Rule 144A and (ii) to persons other than "U.S. persons'' (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act (``R e g u la tio n 5")) outside the United States in offshore transactions (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S.
