(10) it acknowledges that prior to any proposed transfer of Notes or beneficial interests in Global Notes (in each case other than pursuant to an effective registration statement) the holder of such Notes or beneficial interests in Global Notes may be required to provide an opinion of counsel, certifications and other documentation relating to the manner of such transfer and submit such certifications and other documentation as provided in the Indenture;
(12) it understands that no action has been taken in any jurisdiction (including the United States) by the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Adviser that would result in a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of this offering memorandum or any other material relating to us or the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for such purpose is required. Consequently, any transfer of the Notes will be subject to the selling restrictions set out under the caption "Plan of Distribution.''
312
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Finland and the Guarantors are organized under the laws of Finland, Sweden, Poland, Lithuania and Russia. All the directors and the executive officers of the Issuer, and all the managers of the Guarantors are non-residents of the United States. Although the Issuer and the Guarantors have submitted to the jurisdiction of certain New York courts in connection with any action under U.S. securities laws, you may be unable to effect service of process within the United States on the directors and the executive officers of the Issuer and the Guarantors. It may also not be possible for investors to effect service of process within Finland, Sweden, Poland, Lithuania or Russia upon the Issuer, the Guarantors or those persons under the Convention on Service Abroad of Judicial and Extrajudicial Documents in Civil or Commercial Matters of November 15, 1965 and the law of Finland, Sweden, Poland, Lithuania or Russia, respectively, implementing such convention if such service were deemed to infringe the sovereignty or security of Finland, Sweden, Poland, Lithuania or Russia, respectively, which may especially be the case if such service violated the substantial foundations of the law of Finland, Sweden, Poland, Lithuania or Russia, respectively. In addition, as the majority of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' assets and the majority of the assets of our and their directors are located outside of the United States, you may be unable to enforce against them or us judgments obtained in the U.S. courts predicated on civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States.
If a judgment is obtained in a U.S. court against the Issuer or the Guarantors or a non-guarantor security provider, investors will need to enforce such judgment in jurisdictions where the relevant company has assets. You should consult with your own advisors in any pertinent jurisdictions as needed to enforce a judgment in those countries or elsewhere outside the United States.
Finland
We have been advised by our Finnish legal counsel that there is no treaty on the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters between the United States and Finland. Courts in Finland will not automatically recognize and enforce a final judgment rendered by a U.S. court. Under Finnish law, a Finnish title for execution (i.e., a Finnish court judgment) is required for such recognition and enforcement; in seeking a Finnish court judgment or order to such effect, a judgment of a U.S. court will constitute circumstantial evidence of the questions of fact in the case concerned and evidence of the governing law as applied to the matter in dispute. The application by a Finnish court of foreign law in a matter brought before it is subject to (a) the foreign law not being contrary to such mandatory rules of Finnish law that due to their public nature or general interest would be considered applicable irrespective of the agreed choice of law; and (b) the application of the foreign law not resulting in an outcome contrary to the public policy (ordre public) of the Finnish legal system.
As to types of damages awarded, punitive or exemplary damages are unenforceable under Finnish law and a Finnish court may only award damages to the extent that they form compensation for actual losses and damages as proven by the claimant. A feature of the Finnish civil procedure is that the burden of proof with respect to any claims presented lies with the claimant. A party to legal proceedings in Finland is also ordinarily expected to plead its case primarily on the basis of the evidence in its own possession. U.S. notions of discovery, including the expectation that broadly defined categories of documents and information in the possession of third parties will be readily accessible for use as evidence, are not recognized under Finnish law. The availability of documentation in the possession of counterparties or third parties is very limited. Depositions are also a form of taking evidence unknown to Finnish law. In Finland, witness testimony is usually only taken at a separate oral main hearing (comparable to a U.S. trial) after the preparatory phase of the proceedings.
