INDEPENDENT AUDITORS The consolidated financial statements including the notes thereto of Paroc Group Oy as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 included in this offering memorandum have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Finland (``PwC"), independent auditors, as stated in the auditor's reports appearing herein.
WHERE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION Each purchaser of the Notes from the Initial Purchasers will be furnished with a copy of this offering memorandum and any related amendments or supplements to this offering memorandum. Each person receiving this offering memorandum and any related amendments or supplements to the offering memorandum acknowledges that: (1) such person has been afforded an opportunity to request from us, and to review and has received, all
additional information considered by it to be necessary to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information herein; (2) such person has not relied on the Initial Purchasers, the Adviser or any person affiliated with the Initial Purchasers or the Adviser in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision; and (3) except as provided pursuant to (1) above, no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation concerning the Notes offered hereby other than those contained herein and, if given or made, such other information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Initial Purchasers, the Adviser or us. Copies of our organizational documents, the Indenture (which includes the form of the Notes), the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Documents and the most recent consolidated financial statements for the Group, may be obtained by request to the Issuer and, for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of that exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, inspected and obtained at the office of the Irish Listing Agent. See ``Listing and General Information For so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(A)(3) under the U.S. Securities Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) under the U.S. Exchange Act, nor exempt from reporting thereunder pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b), make available to any holder or beneficial holder of a Note, or to any prospective purchaser of a Note designated by such holder or beneficial holder, the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the U.S. Securities Act upon the written request to the Issuer of any such holder or beneficial owner.
319
LISTING AND GENERAL INFORMATION
Listing
Application will be made for the Fixed Rate Notes and the Floating Rate Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market, which is the exchange regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange. There can be no assurance that any such application will be successful or that any such listing will be granted or maintained. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC. The Issuer has initially designated The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch as its listing agent, the address of which is Hanover Building, Windmill Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange. The expenses in relation to the admission of the Notes to trading on the Global Exchange Market are expected to be approximately 5,000. Notice of any early redemption, change of control or change in the rate of interest payable on the Notes will be published in an Irish newspaper of general circulation (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie). For so long as the Notes are listed on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof, as applicable) may be inspected and obtained free of charge at the registered office of the Issuer located at Energiakuja 3, 00180 Helsinki, Finland during normal business hours on any weekday:
· the organizational documents of the Issuer;
· the organizational documents of each of the Guarantors;
