Operations of the Group started on December 23, 2009, when the Parent company acquired Paroc Sverige AB and its subsidiaries from Paroc Group Holding Oy. The production of stone wool started in Sweden in 1937 and in Finland in 1952. Paroc name and trade mark was registered for the first time in 1982. Today Paroc is one of the major manufacturers of mineral wool insulation products in Europe. Its products include building insulation, technical insulation and marine insulation, as well as building elements and acoustics products. The Group has manufacturing plants in Finland, Sweden, Lithuania and Poland, and sales offices and representatives in 13 European countries.
Basis of preparation
The financial statements of Paroc have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards and IFRIC Interpretations as adopted by the EU as of December 31, 2013. The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of Euros and have been prepared under the historical cost convention unless otherwise stated in the accounting principles.
Paroc has applied revised IAS 1 Presentation of the Financial Statements and has grouped items presented in other comprehensive income on the basis of whether they may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss.
Paroc has disclosed the offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities in accordance with IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.
The following standards have also been adopted January 1, 2013
· IAS 19 Employee benefits (amendment). All actuarial gains and losses are immediately recognized in other comprehensive income and the corridor approach has been waived. Finance costs are calculated on a net funding basis (see note 23 to these consolidated financial statements).
· IFRS 13 Fair value measurement. The standard aims to improve consistency in fair value measurement and provide new disclosure requirements when such measurements are required or permitted by other IFRSs. These consolidated financial statements include the disclosures applicable to the Group under IFRS 13. Changes in these accounting standards during the financial year did not have a material impact on the Group's consolidated financial statements.
These consolidated financial statements comprising of the consolidated statements of income, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated statements of changes in shareholders' equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 and consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the related notes have been prepared solely for the purpose of inclusion in this Offering Memorandum in connection with the issue of notes by Paroc Group Oy and cannot be used for any other purpose. Considering the special purpose of the consolidated financial statements, no Board of Directors' report and parent company standalone figures have been included in the financial information presented herein. These consolidated financial statements are not the statutory financial statements of the Group.
