 IAS 32 Financial instruments: Presentation (amendment). The amendment clarifies asset and liability offsetting. The effective date is January 1, 2014.
 IAS 36 Impairment of assets (amendment). This amendment addresses the disclosure of information about the recoverable amount of impaired assets if that amount is based on fair value less costs of disposal. The effective date is January 1, 2014.
 IAS 39 Financial instruments: recognition and measurement (amendment). This amendment provides relief from discontinuing hedge accounting when novation of a hedging instrument to a central counterparty meets specified criteria. The effective date is January 1, 2014.
 IFRIC 21 Levies. This interpretation of IAS 37 provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets sets out criteria for the recognition of liability, one of which is the requirement for the entity to have a present obligation as a result of a past event. The effective date is January 1, 2014. The standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU.
 IFRS 9 Financial instruments. The standard retains but simplifies the mixed measurement model and establishes two primary measurement categories for financial assets: amortized cost and fair value. The effective date is undefined. The standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU.
 IAS 19 Defined benefit plans: Employee contributions (amendment). The amendment allows contributions that are linked to service, and do not vary with the length of employee service, to be deducted from the cost of benefits earned in the period that the service is provided. The effective date is 1 July 2014. The standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU.
 Annual improvements 2012 - 2012 reporting cycle include changes to IFRS 2 Share-based payments, IFRS 3 Business combinations, IFRS 8 Operating segments, IFRS 13 Fair value measurement, IAS 16 Property, plant and equipment, IAS 38 Intangible assets and IAS 24 Related party disclosures. The effective date is July 1, 2014. The standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU.
F-10
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
