F-11
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
Employee benefits
The Group operates a mixture of pension and other post-employment benefit schemes. The present value of the pension obligations depends on a number of factors that are determined on an actuarial basis using a number of assumptions. The assumptions used in determining the net cost (income) for pensions include the discount rate and changes in future compensation. The Group determines the appropriate discount rate at the end of each year. This is the interest rate that should be used to determine the present value of estimated future cash outflows expected to be required to settle the pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate, the Group considers the interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension obligation.
Statistical information used may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, changes in service period of plan participants or changes in other factors. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. Significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect the future amounts of the defined benefit obligation and future expense.
Other key assumptions for pension obligations are based in part on current market conditions. Additional information is disclosed in note 23.
Summary of significant accounting policies
Consolidation principles
The consolidated financial statements include the parent company Paroc Group Oy and all subsidiaries where over 50% of the subsidiary's voting rights are controlled directly or indirectly by the parent company, or the parent company otherwise has control over the entity.
