Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Foreign currency transactions The Group companies' foreign currency transactions are translated into functional currencies using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange differences relating to ordinary business operations are presented above operating profit in translation differences related to sales and purchases. Receivables and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies outstanding on the reporting date are translated using the exchange rates quoted on the reporting date. Translation differences relating to finance are presented in finance income and cost.
Revenue recognition The Group's revenues comprise of the fair value of consideration received from the sale of goods and services deducted by the sales related indirect taxes, estimated customer bonuses, discounts and other similar refunds.
Sales of goods The products sold by the Group are building insulation, technical insulation, marine insulation, building elements and acoustic products. The main source of revenue is building material sales. Revenue from building material sales is recognized when all of the following criteria have been satisfied; (1) The Group has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods; (2) The Group retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with
ownership nor effective control over the goods sold; (3) The amount of revenue can be measured reliably; (4) It is probable the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity; and (5) The costs incurred or to be incurred with respect to the transaction can be measured reliably. Revenue is recognized based on sales contract prices deducted by estimated discounts at the time of sale. Estimating and recognizing discounts are based on previous experience. The time of payment granted for the goods sold is according to market practice and thus the sales include no financing arrangement.
Sales of services Revenues from sale of services are recognized once the service has been rendered.
Current and deferred income taxes The deferred tax liabilities and assets of the Group have, to a major part, been generated in connection with the formation of Paroc Group in December 2009. The income taxes related to the current period earnings, adjustments to previous period taxes and changes in deferred tax are recognized in the consolidated statement of income. Tax is recognized in the consolidated statement of income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. Current tax related to the taxable profit for the period is calculated using the tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period in the countries where the subsidiaries of the parent company operate and accrue taxable income. Management reviews the decisions made in the tax returns regularly in situations where the applicable tax laws leave room for interpretations. When necessary, provisions are recognized for the amounts expected to be paid to tax authorities.
F-13
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
