Leases
A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership. A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership.
Finance leases are recognized as assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position at amounts equal to the fair value of the leased property or, if lower, the present value of the minimum lease payments. Initial direct costs identified as directly attributable to activities performed by an entity for a finance lease are added to the amount recognized as an asset.
The discount rate used in calculating the present value of the minimum lease payments is the interest rate implicit in the lease. For finance leases, minimum lease payments are apportioned between the finance charge and the reduction of the outstanding liability. The finance charge is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Assets held under a finance lease are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the term of the lease.
Lease payments under an operating lease are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Financial assets
The group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables, and available-for-sale. The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets held for trading. A financial asset is classified in this category principally for the purpose of selling it in the short term. Derivatives are also included in this category unless they are designated as hedging instruments that qualify for hedge accounting.
Loans and receivables consist mainly of trade receivables and they are measured at amortized cost less provision for impairment. All outstanding trade receivables past due over 60 days are assessed separately. Impairment for trade receivables is also recognized when there is other evidence of insolvency, bankruptcy or liquidation of the debtor.
