At year-end 2013 the facility was fully available. The available liquidity, defined as cash and cash equivalents added with unutilized committed facilities, was 94.6 million at December 31, 2013 (2012: 109.6 million)
F-34
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
17. Financial risk management (Continued)
The Group Treasury monitors the liquidity on a daily basis. The minimum level of cash available has been set to 25 million including cash on accounts and overdraft facilities.
The Group Treasurer decides on the banks used by Paroc Group together with the CFO. Primary selection is based on banks who are participating in the Group financing and one main bank for cash management. The Group Treasury can place short term deposits with banks providing their rating in short-term obligations is at least P-1 (Moody's) or similar. The Group Treasury is responsible for follow up of counterpart ratings.
Commodity price
The Company is exposed to commodity price risk from price volatility with respect to raw materials and other input factors for production processes. Raw materials (including stone, coke, binder, steel, coatings and adhesives) and electricity used in production processes represent a significant proportion of cost of sales. In order to manage the risk of fluctuations in raw material and energy prices the Company enter into supply agreements covering significant portions of its expected raw material and energy requirements for set periods of time. The Company has not entered into derivative contracts to hedge raw material purchases.
The Company has a need to buy electricity for production purposes. Around half of the needed energy is consumed in Poland and Lithuania. The other half is consumed in Sweden and Finland. The Company has an electricity hedging policy stating that the electricity purchased for Lithuania and Poland is agreed through long-term contracts and fixed prices annually. For the Nordic countries the electricity purchases are based on rolling estimates for the coming three years. Treasury is purchasing electricity from the vendor in the form of long-term physical contracts, based on estimates from the production units. The price is fixed as percentage of estimated usage on a rolling three year basis. The first year is fixed 75-85%, the second year 35-45% and third year 10-20%. The price is agreed with the physical electricity vendor.
