The Company is exposed to commodity price risk from price volatility with respect to raw materials and other input factors for production processes. Raw materials (including stone, coke, binder, steel, coatings and adhesives) and electricity used in production processes represent a significant proportion of cost of sales. In order to manage the risk of fluctuations in raw material and energy prices the Company enter into supply agreements covering significant portions of its expected raw material and energy requirements for set periods of time. The Company has not entered into derivative contracts to hedge raw material purchases.
Credit risk
The Group's main exposure to credit risk relates to trade receivables and other financial assets, including cash and cash equivalents. The Group has no significant concentration of third-party credit risk due to the large number of customers that have spread across our markets. Group has adopted risk management procedures to both reduce and monitor credit risk and performs ongoing credit quality evaluations of customers and use external debt collection agencies under certain circumstances. In addition, the Company has insured its credit risk in trade receivables. The insurance covers the sales in all significant countries. All sales above 5 thousand are covered with a deductible of 10%. The group also has its own internal credit policy, which specifies the principles, if an insurance company is not granting a limit to the customer. In these specific cases division management has the power to grant an internal limit up to 100,000 and from then on, the power lies with the Group CFO and CEO. The Group companies are following the status of trade receivables on a weekly basis. Ageing analysis of trade receivables is shown in note 19 Trade and other receivables.
Credit risk with respect to other financial assets, primarily comprising cash and cash equivalents, arises from the risk that the relevant counterparty becomes insolvent and is unable to return the deposited funds as a result of the insolvency. To mitigate this risk the Company seeks to transact and deposit funds with high-quality financial institutions that are deemed to be creditworthy, and whose transaction volumes are monitored in order to reduce the risk of concentrations of transactions with any single counterparty. The Company enters into short-term external deposits with approved banking counterparties that have a rating in short-term obligations with a minimum rating of P-1 (Moody's) or similar.
Management of capital risk
The target for risk management of capital is to ensure the Group's ability to continue as a going concern so that it would be able to provide returns to its owners and benefits to other interest groups. The target is to maintain an optimal capital structure in order to reduce financing costs. Management follows the Group's capital structure on a regular basis.
F-35
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
17. Financial risk management (Continued)
