The Board of Directors' proposal is that no dividend shall be paid for the financial year ended December 31, 2013.
On December 23, 2009, upon completion of the restructuring of Paroc Group, the shareholders of Safari Luxco 1 S.A. approved a long-term share-based investment plan for the management and a selected group of employees who had invested in the previous long-term share-based investment plan. In accordance with the plan, the management shareholders set up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to Luxembourg and
F-41
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
22. Share-based investment plan (Continued)
subscribed shares in said SPV. Said SPV purchased in total 13.02% of the share capital of Group intermediate company (Safari Luxco 2 S.A.) which in turn indirectly via Safari Finco 1 Oy owns Paroc Group Oy shares.
According to the terms and conditions of the investment plan the shares of said SPV cannot be sold, pledged or otherwise disposed of and the shareholder is obliged to sell his or her shares when he or she ceases to be employed by a company belonging to Paroc Group (becomes a "Leaver").
The return on the plan is expected only when there is an exit, i.e. Paroc Group or a major part thereof is sold and when the exit yields more than certain predetermined thresholds.
In accordance with the Shareholders Agreement (SHA) the fair market value of the shares is determined annually in accordance with the principles set out in the SHA by an independent accountant. At the end of the financial year 2013 there were some 115 employees and four non-executive board members of Paroc Group companies holding shares in the said SPV (2012: some 118 employees and four non-executive board members, 2011: some 126 employees and four non-executive board members). The four non-executive board members also directly own 1.98% shares of Safari Luxco 2 S.A. with return on plan expected only at exit when certain threshold is exceeded. During 2013 there were no new employees participating in the plan under the SPV. In 2013 there were seven Leavers from the SPV (2012: no new employees and eight Leavers, 2011: one new employee and four Leavers).
