The return on the plan is expected only when there is an exit, i.e. Paroc Group or a major part thereof is sold and when the exit yields more than certain predetermined thresholds.
23. Employee benefit obligations
In Finland employees are insured in accordance with the Employees' Pension Act (TyEL). The earningsrelated pension provision is handled by pension insurance companies and it is classified as a defined contribution plan. Statutory earnings-related pension insurance provides security in case of old age, disability, death of the family provider and unemployment of an aging person. The earnings-related benefits also include rehabilitation.
Top management located in Finland has individual voluntary pension plans. These plans entitle a pension at the age of 62. The plan was changed in 2010 so that it is classified as a defined contribution plan. The old defined benefit plan in Finland has been terminated.
The old pension liability in Sweden is still accounted for as a defined benefit plan in the financial statements (retirement obligation until 1993). Since 1993 the ITP-pension plan has been operated by Alecta and the plan is defined as a multi-employer defined benefit plan. Following the change of the operator of the plan, the measurement of the Swedish Alecta pension plan is still not possible as a defined benefit obligation considering the current regulation guideline in Sweden and the availability of the sufficient information for the calculations. Consequently, the plan operated by Alecta has been accounted for as defined contribution plan in the consolidated financial statements.
In Lithuania, pension premiums are paid in every salary payment as a percentage of gross salary. These pensions are funded by the state social insurance fund and treated as a defined contribution plan.
In Poland, payments to the state treasury fund (ZUS) are made monthly on the basis of the actual value of salaries paid during the month and treated as defined contribution plan.
In other countries the pension arrangements are done in accordance with the local legislation and practice and they are treated as defined contribution plans.
Statement of income charge for:
