(12) Pro forma Cash interest expense primarily represents cash interest cost in respect of the Notes based upon, with respect to the Fixed Rate Notes, the interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes and, with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, the margin over threemonth EURIBOR, as if the Transactions had occurred on January 1, 2013, plus any cash-based commitment and agency fees in respect thereof. Pro forma Cash interest expense has been presented for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to represent what our cash interest payments would have actually been had the issue of the Notes occurred on the date assumed, nor does it purport to project our cash interest payments for any future period or our financial condition at any future date.
RISK FACTORS
An investment in the Notes to be issued in the Offering involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this offering memorandum, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before purchasing the Notes. The risks and uncertainties we describe below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are not aware or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. I f any of the possible events described below occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. I f that happens, we may not be able to pay interest orprincipal on the Notes when due and you could lose all or part of your investment.
This offering memorandum also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this offering memorandum. See "Forward Looking Statements."
Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry
Difficult conditions in the general economy and the global financial markets may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the majority of our sales are concentrated in limited number of markets.
Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the general economy and the global financial markets. Since 2008, the stress and disruptions experienced by global financial markets increasingly affected other sectors of the economy resulting in a global economic downturn. In particular, the construction industry in the markets in which we manufacture and sell certain of our products has been adversely affected by the global economic downturn. 2013 was characterized by heterogeneous volume development in our key building materials markets. While volumes in some countries, such as Finland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark, declined or remained stable, some markets, such as Poland, the Baltic States and Russia, experienced higher sales volumes than in 2012. Our Building Insulation division, which is our largest division by sales, is particularly dependent on developments in new residential construction activities that have historically and during the global financial and economic crisis been more susceptible to cyclicality than renovation, remodeling and modernization activities.
We currently operate plants in five countries and sell our products in more than 40 countries. However, a limited number of markets and regions account for the majority of our total sales. If our key geographic markets, in particular Finland (accounting for 20.2% of our sales for the year ended December 31, 2013), Sweden (accounting for 25.1% of our sales for the year ended December 31, 2013) and the Baltic States (accounting for 8.6% of our sales for the year ended December 31, 2013) were to experience a reoccurrence of the difficult economic conditions experienced in 2008-2010, or a material worsening of the current economic conditions, the level of construction activity may decline. This would likely result in reduced demand for our products and adversely affect our ability to pass on price increases to our customers to offset increased costs, particularly in raw material and energy prices. Further, while the regions in which we operate have been affected differently by the global economic downturn, there can be no assurance that any weakening in economic growth will not affect the construction market globally or that negative economic conditions in one or more regions will not affect the construction markets in other regions. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by a continued or further downturn in construction activities on a global scale or in significant markets in which we operate.
The construction industry is cyclical in nature and subject to seasonality.
