We currently operate plants in five countries and sell our products in more than 40 countries. However, a limited number of markets and regions account for the majority of our total sales. If our key geographic markets, in particular Finland (accounting for 20.2% of our sales for the year ended December 31, 2013), Sweden (accounting for 25.1% of our sales for the year ended December 31, 2013) and the Baltic States (accounting for 8.6% of our sales for the year ended December 31, 2013) were to experience a reoccurrence of the difficult economic conditions experienced in 2008-2010, or a material worsening of the current economic conditions, the level of construction activity may decline. This would likely result in reduced demand for our products and adversely affect our ability to pass on price increases to our customers to offset increased costs, particularly in raw material and energy prices. Further, while the regions in which we operate have been affected differently by the global economic downturn, there can be no assurance that any weakening in economic growth will not affect the construction market globally or that negative economic conditions in one or more regions will not affect the construction markets in other regions. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by a continued or further downturn in construction activities on a global scale or in significant markets in which we operate.
The building materials industry in any geographic market is dependent on the level of activity in the construction sector of that geographic market. The construction industry tends to be cyclical and is dependent on the level of construction-related expenditures in the residential, industrial and commercial sectors, public investments and public and private spending on infrastructure projects. The construction industry is particularly sensitive to factors such as GDP growth, interest rates and cost of mortgage financing for residential, commercial and industrial construction, inflation, consumer confidence as well as other macroeconomic factors. Political instability or changes in government policy may also negatively affect the construction industry, particularly those markets with higher exposure to civil engineering and infrastructure spending. Moreover, demand in the construction industry may be affected by demographic
24
trends, such as aging and declining populations in many mature markets and changes in the average number of persons living in one household or migration trends.
Moreover, the construction industry is dependent on weather conditions and is subject to seasonality. Lower demand for building materials occurs in periods of cold weather, and may be aggravated by particularly harsh weather conditions such as those experienced in the winter of 2012/2013. These effects and other unfavorable weather conditions, frequently lead to a volatile development of our quarterly financial results. Historically, sales in the second and third quarters have been significantly higher than in the other quarters of the year, particularly the first quarter. Results of a single fiscal quarter might therefore not be a reliable basis for the expectations of a full fiscal year and may not be comparable with the results in the other fiscal quarters. Seasonality effects may also increase our working capital requirements. Adverse weather conditions can materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations if they occur with unusual intensity, during abnormal periods, or last longer than usual in our major markets, especially during peak construction periods.
We operate in competitive industries and our results may be adversely affected by competition.
Competition in the building materials industry, and more specifically, the markets for the products we produce and sell, is strong, has adversely affected our results in the past, and may adversely affect our results again in the future. Competition is based on many factors, including brand recognition and customer loyalty, product quality and reliability, breadth of product range, product design and innovation, manufacturing capabilities, distribution channels, scope and quality of services, and price. Additionally, we could face competition from parallel imports. Further, the markets for our products are characterized by many local and regional manufacturers and a number of major manufacturers with an international presence. Competitive dynamics are affected by the number of competitors in a certain market, their degree of vertical integration and pricing policies, the development of demand and capacity as well as the access to and cost of raw materials and other inputs. Prices are subject to changes in response to relatively minor fluctuations in supply and demand, general economic conditions, and other market conditions beyond our control. In recent years, for example, a number of the competitors in our key Nordic building insulation markets have been engaged in intense price competition for market share partially in response to aggressive pricing by a new market entrant, and it is possible that we may in future be forced to reduce our prices in order to defend our market share. We have seen pricing pressure develop in certain other markets due to strong competition. Any significant decline in terms of volume, margin or price could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, the foregoing factors are often subject to varying developments in the regions and countries in which we operate. Individual regional and local competitive dynamics could in the future deteriorate and result in further significantly intensified competition in such regions or countries. For example, competitors may expand their capacities or enter or expand in markets in other regions or develop more innovative products, or other products may be preferred by consumers. The consequences of such changes or of other possible changes in the competitive environment could have material adverse effects on our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operations. Competitors could also further improve the functionality or performance of their products and production processes leading to additional competitive pressure on prices for our products and services and potential decreases of sales volumes and market share.
In order to maintain or support our competitive position, we rely on continuous investments and innovations in product development, production processes, brands, services and distribution network. If we are less innovative than we historically have been, or less innovative than our competitors, we could lose customers and market share, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our divisions are active in industries that are capital intensive and require continuous capital expenditures in maintenance and optimization of our existing production facilities. Our competitors may have greater financial and personnel resources or know-how, may react more quickly to the changing needs and requirements of customers or better succeed in marketing their products than we do. Each of these factors could lead to a loss of market share and have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
