Some of the markets in which we operate and/or are considering entering or expanding our exposure, and in particular Russia, and from which we obtain raw materials for our products, are emerging markets in which the business climates expose us to greater political, economic, legal and social uncertainty than markets with more developed institutional structures, and the risk of loss resulting from changes in law, economic and social upheaval and other factors may be substantial. In many of these countries, the democratic tradition is less established and the rule of law less developed. Accordingly, our business is and may increasingly be subject to risks resulting from differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions and unforeseeable developments in a variety of jurisdictions, including in emerging markets. In these markets we are exposed to an increased degree of risks arising from interruption of operations due to political or social instability and the establishment or enforcement of foreign exchange restrictions, which could effectively prevent us from repatriating profits, liquidating assets or withdrawing from one or more of these markets. Recent political instability in Ukraine could impact our supply of coke; although we have not been impacted thus far, there is no guarantee that we will not be impacted in the future. See "-- Our business may be negatively affected by volatility in raw and other material prices, our inability to retain or replace our key suppliers, unexpected supply shortages and disruptions of the supply chain.' The imposition of economic or other sanctions upon countries in which we operate may also adversely affect our ability to do business in such countries, either by preventing us from doing business, or by lowering economic growth, in such countries. For the year ended December 31, 2013, Russia accounted for 8.3% of our revenues, and on March 6, 2014, the United States imposed sanctions on specific Russian and Ukrainian individuals deemed responsible for undermining the Ukrainian government, sovereignty and territorial integrity in the context of Russian actions in Crimea. On March 17, 2014, the European Union imposed sanctions (including travel restrictions and an asset freeze) against similar individuals and other persons and entities associated with them, while the U.S. expanded the scope of its sanctions to Russian officials (entities operating in the Russian arms sector and individuals who allegedly provide material support to senior officials, in the Russian government). On March 20, 2014, the United States expanded the reach of sanctions to additional officials and one Russian bank, and left open the possibility that more extensive sanctions (for example, against core sectors of the Russian economy) could be imposed. Most recently, on April 28, 2014, citing a failure by Russia to comply with its agreement to assist in resolving the political crisis in Ukraine, the United States imposed additional sanctions on Russian individuals and entities, as well as acted to freeze certain exports of military technology to Russia. On April 29, 2014, the European Union expanded the reach of sanctions to additional individuals.
Although we do not believe at this time that these sanctions will directly affect our Russian business, such sanctions could become more far-reaching, potentially covering imports to Russia, exports from Russia, or restrictions on doing business in Russia, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our Russian business operations, and our business as a whole. For example, as a result of the situation in Crimea, certain credit ratings agencies have revised their outlook for Russia from stable to negative, and there have been signs of adverse effects on the Russian economy, for example volatility and an overall decline in the Russian rouble against other currencies and declines in the Russian stock market. Moreover, we cannot exclude the possibility that Russian authorities may adopt certain measures in response to the sanctions imposed by foreign states, which may be primarily aimed at restricting foreign investments and foreign business in Russia, and which could materially and adversely affect our business, particularly in Russia. Further instability in or arising from Ukraine or the region could materially adversely affect our business in Russia, including due to increased volatility in currency exchange rates in the region, lower economic growth in the region or an increased risk of default by contractual counterparties with exposure to the region (such as our current supplier of coke from Ukraine and suppliers and customers in Russia).
Additionally, our business and corporate governance practices may place us at a disadvantage when competing with local companies in emerging markets, as such companies may gain a competitive advantage by implementing corrupt or `shadow' schemes, including cash tax evasion schemes, use of sham firms, and grey salaries and imports.
Interruptions in operations at our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We operate a total of nine production plants in five countries plus additional industrial facilities, such as stone quarries, landfill sites and storage sites, and our results of operations are dependent on the continued operation of our production facilities and the ability to complete special customer order projects on schedule. Our production processes and technologies are complex as they need to be adapted to variations in the properties of certain raw materials and use combustibles and other dangerous materials, such as coke and chemical binding agents. Significant interruptions in operations at our production plants or other facilities, for example, due to explosions, fires, environmental incidents or other accidents, or to routine or extraordinary state audits or changes in regulatory requirements, may significantly reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular production or other facility, or our business as a whole, during and after such interruptions, including as a result of necessary repairs or upgrades to or replacements of damaged equipment or facilities, investigations or proceedings by governmental or regulatory bodies, and compensation claims brought by injured persons. Although we hold several types of insurance policies (including insurance against fire and business interruptions), our insurance coverage may be inadequate. Furthermore, our insurance coverage may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms and our insurance carriers may not have sufficient funds to cover all potential claims.
Additionally, three of our production facilities, including the Lappeenranta, Skövde and Vilnius facilities, are situated on land that we lease from third parties. It is possible that such third parties may elect to terminate or not to renew such leases, as has occurred with the Lappeenranta facility. See ``-- The closure of the Lappeenranta facility may result in greater costs or disruptions to our business than currently expected." In particular, the lease relating to our Skövde facility can be terminated at the end of its initial three-year term (May 31, 2017) by either party, and unless terminated, the agreement will continue for successive periods of three years. If a third-party lessor were to terminate or decline to renew a lease in respect of land on which one of our facilities is located, this may result in significant interruptions to our manufacturing operations, significant and temporary or permanent reductions in our overall production capacity, a material impact on our ability to serve customers in the regions in which we currently operate, and/or the incurrence of significant expenditures associated with the cessation or relocation of operations at the relevant facility. For further detail regarding the costs related to the closure of Lappeenranta. See ``-- The closure of the Lappeenranta facility may result in greater costs or disruptions to our business than currently expected." This may in turn significantly reduce the productivity and profitability of our business as a whole, both during and after any such shutdown or relocation process.
Similarly, the operation of our facility in Trzemeszno is dependent upon arrangements with the owners or users of certain adjacent real properties, particularly regarding certain easements and infrastructure necessary for the operation of our facility. Some of the formal documentation governing such arrangements may have expired or may not be complete or sufficiently comprehensive. We are negotiating, or are about to start the negotiation of, appropriate agreements in order to rectify this. However, there is no guarantee that we will ultimately reach satisfactory agreements with such third parties or that the terms
29
of such agreements will be on substantially the same terms as the arrangements currently in place. We may also be required to pay to such third parties amounts relating to our use or access to such easements and infrastructure, or arising from the inability of such third parties to use or access such easements and infrastructure. If no agreement is reached with such third parties, we may be required to temporarily or permanently discontinue our operations in Trzemeszno, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
