29
The closure of the Lappeenranta facility may result in greater costs or disruptions to our business than currently expected.
Nordkalk, the owner of the land on which our Lappeenranta facility is situated (and a former affiliate when both companies were part of Partek), has informed us that it does not intend to renew our lease of that land upon its expiration in 2019. We have therefore decided to end our production on the site by the end of 2016. We have commenced the relocation process in respect of our operations at that facility and are in the process of reallocating production to our other facilities. See "Business--Divisions--Production facilities and inter-segment sales--Lappeenranta closure." Although we currently estimate that the total cost of the transfer process will be approximately 7 million in capital expenditures and 1.3 million in operational expenses, and have recognized a provision of 6.9 million as of December 31, 2013 for demolition and other closure costs relating to this facility (reflecting the net present value of the 9 million in expected future demolition, land clearing and remediation costs), it is possible that the relocation process may not proceed according to plan and that expenses in excess of these estimates may be incurred. We also may incur significant additional remedial or other closure costs in connection with site investigations that are expected to be required, including if any impacts from historical operations are identified. The transfer process may also result in significant disruptions to our production operations and impair our ability to service our customers. We estimate that there will also be productivity, labor efficiency and other incremental costs that are expected to be spread over the duration of the transfer period, with a greater proportion incurred at the beginning of the transfer period. Additionally, there is a risk that the production equipment may be damaged during the transfer process, and it could be costly to repair or replace the equipment. These costs may underestimate the actual productivity and efficiency losses associated with the closure of the plant. This may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of our operations.
Our business may be negatively affected by volatility in raw and other material prices, our inability to retain or replace our key suppliers, unexpected supply shortages and disruptions of the supply chain.
The cost and availability of raw material and other supplies are critical to our operations. Our profit margins are largely a function of the relationship between the prices that we are able to charge for our products and the cost of the raw materials and other inputs we require to produce these products. The raw materials and other inputs we depend on include chemical binding agents, stone raw materials, coke, electricity, natural gas, steel, coatings, wired net and packaging materials. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the cost of these raw materials and other inputs (excluding energy cost) amounted to a total of 85.5 million, or 19.7%, of our sales. The prices of the raw materials that we use generally tend to be cyclical and highly volatile. The availability and prices of raw materials and other supplies are influenced by factors that we cannot control, such as market conditions, general global economic prospects, production capacity in the relevant markets, production constraints on the part of our suppliers, infrastructure failures, regulations, political instability that reduces production, including carbon dioxide emission regulations applicable to our suppliers and the amounts of emission allowances available to them, export restrictions, such as the export restriction on coke that were imposed by the Chinese government (lifted in January 2013), demand from other users of such raw materials (such as steel manufacturers, in the case of coke), foreign exchange rates and other factors. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we supplied approximately 30% of the total raw stone material that our operations required from quarries over which we have mining rights, which meant that we needed to source the majority of our total raw stone requirements from third parties. Although the underlying prices for stone have been relatively stable over the past five years, we have experienced volatility in connection with related inbound transport logistic costs, which are sensitive to the distance of delivery and oil price movements. One of our outside sources of stone is a quarry set to close in 2015; although we have alternative sources for this stone, it is possible that upon such as a closure in the future, replacement raw materials will be more difficult to source, or if the new source is located at a greater distance, transport costs could increase significantly.
30
We plan to purchase approximately 50% of our anticipated coke needs for 2014 from suppliers in Ukraine, and all of our coke supplies for our Russian business are supplied by Ukrainian sources. Our main source of Ukrainian coke is in Kharkov in the eastern region of Ukraine, where there has been continuing political instability. Continuing instability could threaten our supplies of Ukrainian coke, which could adversely affect our business. Although we have put in place contingency plans for the supply of coke from the Czech Republic and Poland, there is no guarantee that these contingency plans will be as cost-effective as our current supplies, and if there is an escalation of instability in the region, that substitute coke will be able to reach our production plant in Russia. The coke we require for our plants must meet certain characteristics, and it is possible that we could have difficulty in sourcing the correct type of coke, even from these alternative suppliers. We are also investigating Ukrainian sources for raw stone material, which could be affected by the current instability. Our plants use natural gas sourced from Russia, and such supply could be affected by the current instability in the region. See "-- We operate in emerging markets such as Russia, which exposes us to risks inherent to such less developed markets, and we may be exposed to greater risks as we intend to increase our operations in such markets.''
In order to manage the risk of fluctuations in raw material and energy prices, we enter into supply agreements covering significant portions of our expected raw material and energy requirements for set periods of time, which may be on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis depending on the nature of the supply agreement. If raw material or energy prices decline after we have entered into the relevant supply agreement, we may have to pay prices under the agreement which are in excess of prevailing spot market prices, which may adversely impact our results of operations.
Furthermore, interruptions of our operations resulting from supply shortages of certain raw materials or other inputs can significantly affect our profitability. If any of our suppliers is subject to a major disruption in its production or is unable to meet its obligations under our existing supply agreements, we may be forced to pay higher prices to obtain the necessary raw and other materials from other sources. We purchase certain raw materials, such as coke and binder, from a limited number of suppliers, and although they are presently widely available, we may not in future be able to find acceptable alternative sources or adapt our production processes sufficiently to differing qualities of raw materials and the process of locating and securing such alternative sources might be disruptive to our business. In particular, switching binder suppliers would require extensive testing. Any extended unavailability of a necessary raw material or other input could cause us to cease manufacturing one or more of our products for a certain period of time.
