In order to manage the risk of fluctuations in raw material and energy prices, we enter into supply agreements covering significant portions of our expected raw material and energy requirements for set periods of time, which may be on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis depending on the nature of the supply agreement. If raw material or energy prices decline after we have entered into the relevant supply agreement, we may have to pay prices under the agreement which are in excess of prevailing spot market prices, which may adversely impact our results of operations.
While we attempt to match price increases of raw materials and other inputs with corresponding product price increases, and historically we have been able to do so with an approximately six-month time lapse, our ability to pass on increases in the cost of raw materials to our customers is, to a large extent, dependent upon our contractual relationships and market conditions, and we may not be able to raise product prices immediately or at all, and we may not succeed in passing on the entire cost increase to our customers. Our ability to pass on price increases of raw materials and other inputs may also be affected by a temporary decline in demand for our products in the markets in which we are active and increased price competition for market share. A significant proportion of sales of our products are made to dealers. Many of our dealer customers, particularly larger dealer chains, have purchasing relationships with one or more of our competitors and may possess significant pricing power. While our top 10 customers for each of our Building Insulation, Technical Insulation and PPS divisions represented, respectively, only 31%, 37% and 19% of total gross external sales for the year ended December 31, 2013, and the vast majority of sales made by our Russian business unit are to dealers, the purchasing power of large dealers may nonetheless impair our ability to pass on increases in the cost of raw materials. Purchase cooperation and a tendency toward dealer consolidation may also limit our ability to pass on increases in the cost of raw materials. Any inability or delay in passing on increases in raw materials cost to our customers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flow.
Significantfluctuations in demand or a decrease or increase ofproduction capacities might lead to overcapacity or undercapacity, either of which could adversely affect our business.
Our customer agreements generally do not require customers to purchase defined volumes during their term. This means that there is no guarantee that future cash flow and revenues from such agreements will correspond to historic levels. A significant decrease in demand, such as due to a cyclical weakness of the construction industry, and delays in the capacity adjustment process may result in overcapacity and a reduction in the utilization rates of our plants in the respective geographic regions. Decreases in demand and increases in production capacity that result in overcapacity may also lead to increased price
31
competition. Should we in such a situation not succeed in reducing overcapacity at reasonable cost, for example by temporary or permanent plant closures, thereby lowering our cost base and helping to minimize the excess supply, we may face a further decline in profitability, cash flows and results of operations. Even if we successfully reduce our capacity, such reduction may lead to significant extraordinary cost, particularly in connection with plant closures, termination of employees or other restructuring measures. In addition, the pricing and production policies of competitors are unpredictable and could frustrate our efforts. Moreover, declining prices in a market situation with significant oversupply may also affect neighboring regions, thereby causing further declines in sales, cash flows and results of operations. There is also a risk that we could establish or acquire additional production capacities which cannot be appropriately used, for example as a result of an inaccurate evaluation of market developments. Any failure to adequately utilize our production capacities could lead to impairment on production equipment and significant impairment charges on goodwill and have negative consequences for our profitability due to our relatively high level of fixed cost. If one or more of the aforementioned risks materializes, this could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Alternatively, a significant increase in demand, or decrease in production capacity, may result in our production becoming capacity-constrained. If demand for our products increases beyond the maximum production capacity of our existing production plants, our ability to satisfy customer orders in a timely manner may be adversely affected, which may result in declines in customer satisfaction, reputational damage and lost sales. The number of production shifts can range between three and five (representing shifts working 24 hours a day, seven days a week), although running five production shifts is illegal in Finland and in Russia. However, in Finland and Sweden, increasing the number of shifts from three to four roughly increases our salary costs by 8%, and our salary costs would be increased by roughly 25% if shifts increase from three to five, due to Sunday compensation regulated by law and our collective bargaining agreements, thereby increasing the marginal cost of ramping up production. We may also need to notify our Russian employees of introduction of shifts in advance and obtain their consent. Failure to meet these requirements may impair our ability to meet the increased demand in production. We may also be required to make substantial capital expenditures in order to augment our production capabilities to meet such increased demand by expanding existing production plants or developing new production plants, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. See "-- We may not be able to successfully manage future growth, including by way of organic growth to new regions and potential acquisitions which may expose us to additional risks."
Our licenses, permits and certifications may be suspended, amended or terminatedprior to the end oftheir terms or may not be renewed.
Our licenses, permits and certifications required to conduct our business operations (or certain parts thereof), including for the exploration, development and exploitation of mineral resources, operation of our manufacturing facilities, and sale of our products for use in specific applications (particularly the products produced by our Technical Insulation division), could be revoked, withdrawn, invalidated or amended by the relevant authorities under certain circumstances. For example, a license, permit or certification could be revoked, withdrawn, amended or refused to be renewed if there is a breach of a permit condition or collateral clause, a subsequent change of facts or a relevant regulation, if a permit is found to be contrary to the public interest, if it is deemed necessary to prevent severe harm to the common good, or if we fail to satisfy the criteria for its continuation or renewal. Licenses or permits which have been granted for existing operations may also be required to be reviewed regularly by the permit authorities. As a consequence of such reviews, the relevant license or permit conditions may be updated in accordance with current standards, which may be more rigorous or onerous than those applicable at the time the relevant license or permit was initially granted or last renewed. In particular, the Finnish environmental permit system does not recognize the grandfathering of existing permit conditions into renewed permits. Due to production caps in our environmental permits we might also be required to renew our permits if our business expands and requires larger production capacities. Our existing permits might therefore be amended to include more stringent threshold, which may have a significant adverse effect our operations. See ``Regulation--Finland--Emissions and Environmental Permits" for further details.
