The resource estimates included in this offering memorandum may include measured, indicated and inferred resources, which are generally not permitted in disclosure filed with the SEC. Under Guide 7, minerals may not be classified as a "reserve" unless the determination has been made that the minerals could be economically and legally produced or extracted at the time the reserve determination is made. All or any part of measured or indicated resources may never be classified as reserves. Further, there is a great amount of uncertainty as to the existence of "inferred resources" and as to whether they can be exploited legally or economically. Accordingly, it should not be assumed that all or any part of an "inferred resource" will be upgraded to a higher category.
We are subject to a number of European Union, national, state and municipal environmental, building and occupational health and safety laws, rules and regulations and technical standards relating to, among other things, the protection of the environment and natural resources, including those governing air emissions, energy performance of buildings, hazardous substances and waste, water discharges and emission of pollutants into water, transportation, remediation of contamination, product requirements, dangerous industrial facilities, sanitary requirements and workplace health and safety. Several of the regulatory requirements that apply to our business operations have in the recent past become more stringent, and we expect some of them to become even more stringent in the future. For further information about the various laws, rules and regulations as well as technical standards applicable to our business operations, see "Regulation. ''
Compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as well as technical standards applicable to our business operations, entails and is expected to continue to require considerable capital expenditures and other cost. In addition, any violation of or liability under these laws and regulations, such as those governing discharges to air and water, contamination of groundwater, sediments or soil, or occupational health and safety, and the failure to maintain necessary permits and approvals, could result in substantial administrative and criminal penalties and remediation cost, temporary or permanent shutdowns of certain of our production facilities, temporary or permanent prohibitions on the marketing and sale of certain products, third-party claims and negative publicity. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See "-- Obligations resulting from environmental conditions at our current and former production and other sites could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations."
We are also required to obtain and maintain permits from governmental authorities for many of our operations. These permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by governmental authorities. For example, in January 2011, the European Directive 2010/75/EC on industrial emissions ("IED") came into force, which sets out rules on the prevention and control of pollution from industrial activities and includes rules aimed at reducing emissions into air, water and land, as well as preventing the generation of waste in order to achieve a high level of overall environmental protection. From 2016, each of the jurisdictions in which we have manufacturing operations (apart from Russia) has to comply with the emissions limits set for certain industries. However, according to the European Commission, few of these jurisdictions has fully implemented laws necessary to comply with the IED's provisions, and, therefore, future modifications to the permitting requirements in each such jurisdiction are possible to address IED-related requirements. In Finland, the implementation of the IED is currently ongoing, while Sweden has fully adopted the IED. The IED is to be implemented by a revision of the Finnish Environmental Protection Act. The revision is ongoing and the new act is expected to enter into force during year 2014. Poland is yet to implement the IED, though it is currently expected that implementing legislation will be passed during 2014 that will require certain terms of existing integrated permits (such as that under which our Trzemeszno plant operates) to be reviewed within three months after the legislation comes into force. Additionally, although the IED and its implementation provide transitional provisions, once a new industry standard becomes binding, existing permits, which are not in compliance with such standard, will not be grandfathered but will be adjusted with respect to the new (binding) standard. In Sweden, however, the emission limits stipulated by the provisions of the IED Directive will not adjust the existing permit provisions, but will apply to the operations in parallel with existing environmental permit conditions. See "Regulation."
We have in the past incurred, and will in the future incur, significant cost for capital and operating expenditures to obtain and maintain, or as a result of obligations imposed under, necessary permits. For example, our Hällekis and Hässleholm facilities in Sweden (Skövde is exempt from environmental
40
permitting), which implemented the IED in 2013, will be required to conduct baseline studies to evaluate soil and groundwater conditions either by 2016 or otherwise in connection with any earlier application for an environmental permit application or an amendment to an existing permit. Lappeenranta, which will shut down operations in 2016, is required to conduct a baseline report on soil contamination by the end of October 2015. Certain of our facilities (namely Hässleholm, Oulu and Parainen) expect that it will be necessary to make certain IED-related improvements in order to remain compliant with "best available techniques'' requirements under the directive, which may require significant capital expenditures. However, we cannot ensure that we will also in the future be able to obtain and finance all permits which we require for our business operations. Any such failure or any violation of the terms and conditions of such permits or revocation of existing permits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are also required to comply with Regulation (EC) No. 1907/2006 of the European Parliament and Counsel concerning the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals ("REACH"), which requires companies to secure the safe use of substances and chemicals put on the market. REACH requires that, unless exempt, all chemicals and substances manufactured, imported, or used within the EU must be registered with the European Chemicals Agency ("ECHA"). We registered our stone wool fiber, a man-made vitreous (silicate) fiber, with the ECHA in September 2010 and we believe we are compliant with the REACH regulations. Our ECHA registration covers the stone wool fiber used in all of our products. In addition, as we manufacture building materials, regulations on constructions products are applicable to our activities. We are also required to comply with the EU Packaging and Packaging Waste Directive (94/62/EC).
In addition, the disposal of waste is often restricted to licensed facilities and/or by licensed entities or, in some jurisdictions, generators, owners, collectors and transporters of waste must demonstrate to the competent authority and to other parties that they have properly disposed of hazardous waste by proof of waste disposal. Our hazardous waste in Finland is mainly disposed of by authorized hazardous waste management and treatment companies. Non-hazardous waste is either disposed at our own landfills or by waste management companies. We are responsible for costs of the necessary waste management and for the environmental impacts of our operative and closed landfills. Liability for closed landfills may last for several decades. Even though we believe we are in compliance with environmental and waste regulation at the time, remediation liabilities may arise as a result of conditions identified or obligations imposed in the future that could have an adverse effect on our business. See ``--Obligations resulting from environmental conditions at our current and former production and other sites could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results o f operations." Requirements for regulated substances may reduce the possibility for landfill disposals and may result in higher costs of disposal. In addition, we cannot exclude that a so-called "taking back'' obligation may be introduced in the future requiring us to take-back, or fund the take-back, of our products for recycling or disposal when they are discarded by end users, which could result in higher costs to us for disposal of products containing regulated substances.
