24 Dispute resolution and legal venue
24.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
25 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
25.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
25.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to the Borrower, (c) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (d) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Bors, or (e) pursuant to another exemption from registration under the Securities Act (if available) and applicable state securities laws after, in the case of transfers under sub-clause (e) above, the holder has furnished to the Borrower an opinion of counsel of recognized standing or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower of to that effect.
The Bonds cannot be sold in Canada, to residents of Canada, or through the facilities of the Toronto Stock Exchange, except pursuant to applicable securities laws. After four months plus one (1) day from the issuance of the Bonds, the underlying Shares (upon due conversion in accordance with the terms of this Loan Agreement) will be freely tradable in Canada. The Bonds and the underlying Shares will therefore be subject to such transfer and ownership limitations and will bear legends reflecting the same.
26 Miscellaneous
26.1 Notices
Any demand, notice or communication to be made or given hereunder shall be in writing and may be made or given by personal delivery or by transmittal by telecopy or facsimile addressed to the respective parties as follows:
