4
LIBOR Reference Banks:
Loan: Maturity Date:
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the interest rate rounded off to five decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters Screen LIBOROl page at or about 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents of the Reuters Screen LIBOROl page be changed such that, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters Screen, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters Screen's page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters Screen LIBOROl page did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in U.S. Dollars in the inter-bank market in London, quoted by four large authorised exchange banks in the London market at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date in London, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date for deposits in U.S. Dollars to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
the NOK Tranche and the USD Tranche.
28 February 2011. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
