9.2 The interest on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest is set on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus 3.60 percentage points for the NOK Tranche and LIBOR plus 3.60 percentage points for the USD Tranche. Should NIBOR or LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR - Reference Banks (for the NOK Tranche) or LIBOR - Reference Banks (for the USD Tranche) plus 3.60 percentage pointss.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks or LIBOR - Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least l/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan and Put Option
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right to require pre payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101.50% of par plus accrued interest.
12
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
