"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on any regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556383-9058, 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs, shall be transferred to
8
the Escrow Account and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o f proceeds). "Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. "Operational Unit" means a group of entities together holding a renewable energy project which is divided into different parts (all of which are located at the same location (or within close proximity of each other)) where each part is being held by a separate entity and where all entities within the group benefit from the same financial arrangement with an external finance provider for the purpose of financing the operation of the Operational Unit. "Payment In Kind Investment" means an arrangement in writing on arm's length terms between the Issuer and another shareholder in a Subsidiary, whereby part of such shareholder's equity investment in a Subsidiary is agreed to be by way of contributing free of charge work force and engagement (or any other similar value increase investments) instead o f by way o f contributing cash. "Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness: (a) incurred under the Bonds (including Bonds issued under any
Subsequent Bond Issues); (b) related to any agreements under which the Issuer leases office
space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business; (c) arising under a derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions, but not a derivative transaction for investment or speculative purposes; (d) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements; (e) incurred under an existing intra-group loan in the amount of EUR 1,000,000 provided by Bond II Erste GmbH & Co. KG to the Issuer;
9
(f) incurred under an existing intra-group loan in the amount of EUR 680,000 provided by Bond II Zweite GmbH & Co. KG to the Issuer;
