"Shareholder Loans" means any shareholder loans of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such shareholder loans (a) are provided by any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, (b) according to its terms are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (c) according to its terms can be repaid only after the Issuer's payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions have been discharged and (d) according to its terms yield payment-in-kind interest or prescribes that interest can only be paid after the issuer's payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions have been discharged.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such person, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body, (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the
12
Accounting Principles or (e) holds, individually or together with any other Group Company, at least twenty per cent. (20 per cent.) but not more than forty nine per cent. (49 per cent.) of the voting rights and do not exercise any direct or indirect control over such associated entity.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with the Bond Issue, a Subsequent Bond Issue and the listing of the Bonds on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable).
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 18 (Written Procedure).
1.2
Construction
