1.1
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" means (i) until the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), the generally accepted local accounting principles, standards and practices in Denmark and (ii) once the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 120 calendar days after the date o f supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course o f business.
"Affiliate" means any other person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and
1
policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing. "Agent" means the agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially CorpNordic Sweden AB, reg. no. 556625-5476, P.O. Box 16285, 103 25 Stockholm Sweden. "Agent Agreement" means the agency, fee and indemnity agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent. "Applicable Premium" means the higher of (a) 1.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, and (b) an amount equal to (i) 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount; plus (ii) all remaining scheduled interest payments on the Bonds until the First Call Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant redemption date) discounted (for the time period starting from the date the relevant Bonds are redeemed to the First Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the German Government Bond Rate plus 50 basis points; minus (iii) the Nominal Amount. "Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue. "Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date. "Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays. "Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. "Business Report" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Clause 11.11 (Financial reporting and information).
