The Issuer shall not incur any Financial Indebtedness or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer has a right to incur, maintain and prolong Financial Indebtedness constituting Permitted Debt.
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any
21
loan or other indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security. 11.5 Loans and shareholder contributions The Issuer shall not be a creditor in respect of any future Financial Indebtedness unless the debtor under such arrangement is a whollyowned Subsidiary of the Issuer or, if the debtor is a Subsidiary not wholly-owned by the Issuer, such loan is granted as part of the investment in such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of the Group's business. Furthermore, the Issuer shall not make any shareholder contributions to any of its Subsidiaries unless made in the ordinary course of the Group's business. 11.6 Disposals of assets The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of (including through any mergers or demerges) all or some of the shares in any Group Company to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries unless such disposal is made on customary arm's length terms at fair market value not having a Material Adverse Effect. 11.7 Financial Covenants (a) Minimum Equity: The Issuer shall ensure that the Equity does
not fall below EUR 40,000,000. (b) Minimum Total Assets: The Issuer shall ensure that the Total
Assets does not fall below EUR 115,000,000. (c) Equity to Total Assets ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that Equity
to Total Assets does not fall below 25.00 per cent.. (d) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that the total Cash
at least equals an amount of interest payable for three (3) consecutive Interest Periods by reference to the interest payable in the latest Interest Period. Compliance with each Financial Covenant shall be determined by reference to the most recent Financial Report either prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles adopted by the Issuer as of the Issue Date or any other subsequent Accounting Principles adopted by the Issuer after the Issue Date (at the Issuer's sole discretion).
22
