15.3 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of the Bonds constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 15 as soon as reasonably practicable.
15.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 15, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least 15 Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall apply.
16. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS
16.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
16.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting.
16.3 The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Holders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
16.4 Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 7 (Right to act on behalfo f a Holder) from a person who is, registered as a Holder:
(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or
(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 18.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,
