"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 3 March, 3 June, 3 September and 3 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 3 June 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Maturity Date).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if applicable).
"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of EURIBOR (3 months) + 7.50 per cent. per annum.
"Issue Date" means 3 March 2014.
"Issuer" means European Energy A/S, (reg. no. 18351331, Diplomvej 377, 2800 Kgs. Lyngby, Denmark).
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA (reg. no. 883 603 362, Munkedamsveien 45, 0205 Oslo, Norway) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on any regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment undertakings under these Terms and Conditions and with the undertakings set out in Clause 11 (Special undertakings), or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
