Voluntary total redemption (call option)
(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, plus the Applicable Premium;
(b) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling nine (9) months prior to the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Note equal to 115 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling nine (9) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the day falling five (5) Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Note equal to 110 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(d) any time from and including, the day falling five (5) Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
Provided that no Senior Notes Obligations are outstanding, or following a duly given consent from the Senior Noteholders, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Terms and Conditions.
The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 10.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
