19.2.8 19.3 19.3.1
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Except as specified in Clause 5 (Conditionsfor disbursement), the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Terms and Conditions.
When acting in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Terms and Conditions.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Terms and Conditions.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Terms and Conditions. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Terms and Conditions shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution o f proceeds).
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Terms and Conditions by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Terms and Conditions or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2.7.
