"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 14 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Noteholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Senior Noteholder" means a person who is a "Noteholder" pursuant to the Senior Notes.
"Senior Notes" means the claims on the Issuer pursuant to the senior secured fixed rate notes 2013/2016 with ISIN: SE0005280831.
"Senior Notes Event of Default" means an event of default under the Senior Notes.
"Senior Notes Obligations" means all present, future and contingent obligations and liabilities of the Issuer under the Senior Notes.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such person, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body, or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
