"Book-Entry Securities System" means the OM system being part of the book-entry register maintained by the CSD or any other replacing book-entry securities system.
2
"Business Day" means a day on which the deposit banks are generally open for business in Helsinki.
"Business Day Convention" the first following day that is a CSD Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a CSD Business Day.
"Change of Control" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being Guarantor or the Shareholder Contributors, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far it is aware no Event of Default is continuing, or if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if relevant, the satisfaction of the Incurrence Test and the calculations and figures in respect of the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and Interest Coverage Ratio and (iii) the number of containers owned by the Issuer.
"Container Funding Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held with a bank, into which EUR 5,000,000 from the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the bondholders (represented by the Trustee) under the Container Funding Account Pledge Agreement.
"Container Funding Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Container Funding Account and all funds held on the Container Funding Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Trustee and the bondholders (represented by the Trustee).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Finland Oy, business identity code 1061446-0, Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, P.O. Box 1110, 00101 Helsinki.
