(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o f Bonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders'
3 4 (46)
Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
