7
agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity. "Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly. "Total Assets" means, on any date, (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of those assets which according to GAAP should be included as assets in the balance sheet. "Total Liabilities" means, on any date, (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of those liabilities which according to GAAP should be included as liabilities in the balance sheet. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds. "Working Capital" means: (A) (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of those assets
which according to GAAP should be included as current assets in the balance sheet; less (B) (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of those liabilities which according to GAAP should be included as current liabilities in the balance sheet; plus (C) (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of the scheduled installments (including any balloons) on long term debt which according to GAAP should be included as current liabilities in the balance sheet. For the avoidance of doubt, this implies that Working Capital shall be:
(A) less (B) plus (C)
8 mt
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).
