"Issuer" means Corem Property Group AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556463-9440.
"Issuing Agent" means Swedbank AB (publ) with Reg. No. 502017-7753, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Listing Failure" means the situation where (i) the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date are not listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or on another Regulated Market within sixty (60) days from the First Issue Date or (ii) at any time after such listing, the Bonds cease to be listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or on another Regulated Market (as applicable).
"Market Loans" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programs and other market funding programs), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect in respect of (i) the Issuer's and/or the Group Company's business or financial position, (ii) the Issuer's ability to meet its payment obligations under the Terms and Conditions, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of rights under the Terms and Conditions.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the First Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 14 (Distribution of proceeds), (iv) the date of a Bondholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and repurchase of the Bonds).
