"Call Option Amount" means:
(b) 101.63 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 33 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 100.98 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 33 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date; and
(d) 100.33 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date to, and including, the Final Maturity Date.
"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means the cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the most recent Financial Report or financial update.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) the Majority Shareholder ceasing to own and control, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the share capital and voting rights in the Issuer, or (ii) one or more persons, not being the Majority Shareholder (or an Affiliate thereof), acting together, acquire control, directly or indirectly, over more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
3
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the agreed form between the Agent and the Issuer, signed by the Issuer certifying satisfaction of the Incurrence Test (if relevant) and that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Maintenance Test or Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test or the Incurrence Test (as applicable).
