the first CSD Business Day prior to, as applicable, (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) the day on which default interest is paid, (iii) a Redemption Date or (iv) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 12 (Distribution of proceeds); and
(c) otherwise, the end of the fifth CSD Business Day prior to another relevant date.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 8 (Redemption and repurchase of the Notes).
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year. The first Reference Date shall be 30 June 2015.
"Relevant Market" means the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Ltd.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any Person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Secured Total Indebtedness" means such amount of Total Indebtedness that is secured by a Security granted by the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person, any Finnish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such Person, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body, or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC on the application of international accounting standards (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Total Assets" means the total assets (excluding intangible assets) of the Group as in the most recent audited annual or unaudited interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Issuer.
