(h) liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 22.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant Person, that it (i) is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Section 1 of Chapter 2 of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Fin: Konkurssilaki 120/2004, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), (ii) admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, (iii) suspends making payments on any of its debts, (iv) by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (Fin: Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta 47/1993, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or (v) is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 7.1 to 7.3.
"Interest Expense" means, for any Measurement Period, all charges, interest, commission, fees, discounts, premiums and other finance costs in respect of Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Group as shown in the most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual/interim, as the case may be, consolidated income statement of the Issuer.
"Interest Payment Date" means 28 May of each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from the application of the Business Day
Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 28 May 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted by application of the Business Day Convention.
