Any matter not covered by Clauses 13.3 and 13.4 shall require the consent of Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount held by the Noteholders voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or replying to a communication from the Agent or the Issuer.
Notes held by a Group Company or an Affiliate shall not entitle to participation in decisions in respect of matters requiring Noteholders consent or any voting rights at a Noteholders' Meeting.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way.
A matter decided by a resolution passed at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of direct communication with each Noteholder is binding on the Issuer and all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding to a communication.
Notice of the result of the voting on a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of direct communication with each Noteholder shall be published by the Agent on its website within ten (10) Business Days of such result being known, provided that the non-publication of such notice shall not invalidate such result.
NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING
Each of (i) the Issuer, (ii) the Agent, and (iii) a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, may at any time call for a meeting among the Noteholders, the Issuer and the Agent (a "Noteholders' Meeting"). Such request shall be made in writing to the Agent.
The Noteholders' Meeting may, subject to the requirements set out in Clause 13 (Noteholders 'consent), decide upon any issue or matter in relation to the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Noteholder, no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a meeting request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including any request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval or agreement by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no later than ten (10) Business Days from the Agent's notice. Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with this Clause 14.3. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 16.2, the Issuer shall convene a
