(vi) a time of day is a reference to Helsinki time.
(c) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in EUR has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against EUR for the previous Business Day, as published by the European Central Bank on its website (www. www.ecb.int). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(d) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2. Status of the Notes
(a) The Notes are denominated in EUR and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
10
(b) By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Note is EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Notes is EUR 27,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met and that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Notes (the Initial Notes and all Subsequent Notes) may not exceed EUR 40,000,000.
