(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Agent having received the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement duly executed and perfected.
(b) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):
(i) a statement duly executed by the buyer and the sellers that the agreement regarding the Acquisition has been duly signed and that all conditions precedent for completion of the Acquisition (other than the availability of the sufficient financing for the payment of the initial purchase price and other payments set out in the Share Purchase Agreement) have been satisfied, including any competition approvals (if required); and
(ii) the Finance Documents having been executed.
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Company holds the Escrow Account) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account on the basis of the instructions given by the Issuer, and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Escrow Account.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent on or before 31 August 2015, the Issuer shall repurchase all Notes at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Noteholders in accordance with the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d). The repurchase date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after 31 August 2015.
5. Notes in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
(b) Each Noteholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Noteholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Notes registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 6 of the Book-Entry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Agent or the Issuing Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
