(a) The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
(c) The Agent and the Issuing Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in paragraph (b) above from the CSD in respect of the Notes if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Agent and the Issuing Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in paragraph (b) above from the CSD in respect of the Notes.
12
(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.
(e) The Issuer, the Agent and the Issuing Agent may use the information referred to in paragraph (b) above only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Notes and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third party unless necessary for the before-mentioned purposes.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Noteholder
(a) If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.
(b) A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or is otherwise notified to the Agent.
