"Issuer" means Orexo AB (publ) (reg. no. 556500-0600, P.O. Box 303, SE-751 05, Uppsala, Sweden).
"Maintenance Test" means the test set out in Clause 11.1 (Maintenance Test).
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining Interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Bondholders),
each calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50.00) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) (together with accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount up to the relevant redemption date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than five (5.00) per cent. of either (i) the Total Assets (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA o f the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
