D-2847800-v1
16.7 16.8 16.9 16.10 17 17.1
pursuant to the listing contract with the relevant Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from the relevant Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 16.4.
If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event of Default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 16.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Bondholders of the Event of Default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Bondholders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Bondholders according to the provisions in Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders). If the Bondholders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Bondholders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default (or an event that may lead to an Event of Default).
If the Bondholders have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders) or instructed the Agent in accordance with Clause 16.1, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Bondholders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 16, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 16 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Bondholders' pursuant to Clause 16.1 or Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 16 the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to one hundred and five (105.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount or, if the Bonds are accelerated on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount for the relevant period (in each case plus accrued but unpaid interest).
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
