of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
19.1 The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Bondholders' meeting has been requested by the Bondholder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.
19.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 22.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19.1.
19.3 The notice pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the notice pursuant to Clause 19.1), (iv) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
19.4 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
19.5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Bondholders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Bondholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Bondholder provide the Bondholder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Bondholders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.
19.6 At a Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bondholders (or the Bondholders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Bondholders' Meeting instead of the Bondholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Bondholder.
33
