19.6 At a Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bondholders (or the Bondholders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Bondholders' Meeting instead of the Bondholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Bondholder.
D-2847800-v1
19.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
20
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
20.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Bondholder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.
20.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 20.1 to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.
20.3 A communication pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 20.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 20.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
20.4 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Bondholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Bondholder provide the Bondholder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD.
