4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5
Purchase and transfer of Bonds
5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
Bondholders that are US Persons or located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Bors, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
