"Charter Free Market Values" means the fair market value of each of the Rigs in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of each of the relevant Rigs obtained from two independent and wellreputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for such rigs appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts
for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. The valuation shall be made at least annually, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Trustee.
"Current Ratio" means the ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities.
"Current Assets" means on any date, the aggregate book value of the assets of the Charterer which are treated as current assets in accordance with IFRS.
"Current Liabilities" means the aggregate book value of the Charterer's liabilities which are treated as current liabilities in accordance with IFRS.
"Liquidity" means, at any given time, the aggregate book value of available and unencumbered cash and bank deposits with banks having a minimum credit rating of `A' being freely available to the Issuer on a consolidated basis, including any cash standing to the credit of the Group in the Accounts which are not blocked save for the Escrow Account.
Offering Memorandum: Means the Offering Memorandum made in connection with the Bond Issue dated 8 January 2014.
PEP:
Means Pemex Exploration y Production, a decentralized Federal government agency in accordance with the Official Decree that provides the structure, operation and control of the subsidiary agencies of Petroleos Mexicanos, published in the Official Gazette of the Federation on March 21, 2012, and its respective amendments (Decreto que establece la estructura, el funcionamiento y el control de los organismos subsidiarios de Petroleos Mexicanos).
