DNB Bank ASA.
The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative, and it shall be based on Norwegian standard. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy occurs between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.
The subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to
32
finalize the Bond Agreement and the Security Documents. Although minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet.
The application form specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders, who will execute and deliver such application form prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become bound by the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered by VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.
Stock Exchange Listing: An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed either on the Irish Stock Exchange or Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Market Making:
No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.
