2. Status of the PIK Bonds
(b) By subscribing for PIK Bonds, each initial PIK Bondholder agrees that the PIK Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring PIK Bonds, each subsequent PIK Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial PIK Bond is EUR 100,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount", together with any Deferred Interest Amount, the "Nominal Amount"), with a minimum subscription allocation amount of EUR 100,000. The total Initial Nominal Amount of the Initial PIK Bonds is EUR 28,000,000. All Initial PIK Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100) per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount.
(d) The Issuer may, at one or several occasions after the First Issue Date, issue Subsequent PIK Bonds (each such issue, a "Subsequent PIK Bond Issue"), always provided that the Incurrence Test (tested pro forma including such issue) is met. Any Subsequent PIK Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial PIK Bonds shall apply to Subsequent PIK Bonds. The price of the Subsequent PIK Bonds may be set at par, at a premium or at a discount compared to the Nominal Amount. Each Subsequent PIK Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 9(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial PIK Bonds.
(e) The PIK Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu (i) with
20
the Super Senior Debt and the Senior Debt pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement except that the PIK Bonds will be secured on a second lien basis and will receive Enforcement Proceeds only after the Super Senior Debt and the Senior Debt has been repaid in full in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) The PIK Bonds are freely transferable but the PIK Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the PIK Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a PIK Bondholder may be subject. Each PIK Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the PIK Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the PIK Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each PIK Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the PIK Bonds.
