5. Transfer Restrictions
(i) PIK Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the PIK Bonds except (A) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (B) to a Person that the PIK Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (C) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the relevant exchange, and (D) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
(ii) PIK Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the PIK Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a PIK Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each PIK Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
(iii) Notwithstanding the above, a PIK Bondholder which has purchased the PIK Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions.
6. PIK Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The PIK Bonds will be registered for the PIK Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the PIK Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the PIK Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a PIK Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in
23
accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
