23
(c) The Issuer (and the PIK Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the PIK Bonds. At the request of the PIK Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the PIK Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any PIK Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 19 (PIK Bondholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the PIK Bondholders under Clause 20 (Written Procedure), the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the PIK Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the PIK Agent, as notified by the PIK Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the PIK Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the PIK Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the PIK Bondholders.
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a PIK Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a PIK Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the PIK Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the PIK Bondholder and authorising such person.
(b) A PIK Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney or other proof of authorisation to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the PIK Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the PIK Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the PIK Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the PIK Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The PIK Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the PIK Agent has actual knowledge to the contrary.
8. Payments in Respect of the PIK Bonds
