(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling twenty-four (24) months after the First Issue Date at a price equal to 102.50 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the redeemed PIK Bonds (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed PIK Bonds);
26
(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date to, but not including the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to one hundred (100) per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the redeemed PIK Bonds (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed PIK Bonds).
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10), but no more than twenty (20), Business Days' notice to the PIK Bondholders and the PIK Agent. Any such notice shall specify the Redemption Date and the applicable call option amount in accordance with Clause 10.3(a) and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the PIK Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
(c) If redemption of the PIK Bonds in accordance with Clause 10.3(a) is made in part, such redemption shall be applied pro rata (rounded down to the nearest EUR (1.00)) between the PIK Bondholders in accordance with the procedures of the CSD, and any accrued and unpaid interest on the PIK Bonds being redeemed shall be paid together with principal on the date of such early redemption, provided that such interest shall not be included in the calculation of the amount of PIK Bonds the Issuer is permitted to redeem in accordance with this provision.
10.4 Equity Claw Back (call option)
(a) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer may on one occasion until but not including the First Call Date, from the proceeds of an Equity Listing Event, repay up to hundred (100) per cent. of the Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding PIK Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each PIK Bond pro rata.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4(a) must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event).
(c) The repayment per PIK Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1.00 plus (i) a premium of 7.00 per cent. on the repaid amount, and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
