(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4(a) must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event).
10.5 General
(a) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10), but no more than twenty (20), Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the PIK Bondholders and the PIK Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing
27
Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the PIK Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
(b) At all times following repayment in accordance with Clause 10.4 where the PIK Bonds are redeemed in part, at least sixty-five (65) per cent. of the aggregate Nominal Amount of the PIK Bonds must remain outstanding.
10.6 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event (put option)
(a) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event occurring, each PIK Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its PIK Bonds be repurchased at a price per PIK Bond equal to one hundred and one (101) per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of forty-five (45) Business Days following effective receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 13.1(d) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1(d) shall specify the Record Date and the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a PIK Bondholder needs to take if it wants PIK Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a PIK Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant PIK Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1(d). The Redemption Date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause (a) above.
