(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing but subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the PIK Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the PIK Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the outstanding PIK Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the PIK Agent determines (but such date may not fall after the Final Maturity Date), and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(c) The PIK Agent shall notify the PIK Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the PIK Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The PIK Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the PIK Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the PIK Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the PIK Agent decides not to accelerate the PIK Bonds, the PIK Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the PIK Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by PIK Bondholders). The PIK Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
(d) If the PIK Bondholders (in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) instruct the PIK Agent to accelerate the PIK Bonds, the PIK Agent shall promptly declare the PIK Bonds due and payable and take such actions as, in the opinion of the PIK Agent, may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the PIK Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the PIK Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the PIK Bonds in accordance with this Clause 16.12, the Issuer shall, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, redeem all PIK Bonds at an amount equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 10.3(a) for the relevant period, as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs, and shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in sub-paragraph (ii) of Clause 10.3(a) plus accrued and unpaid interest.
42
17. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the PIK Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the PIK Bonds in accordance with Clause 16 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the PIK Bonds) and any other Enforcement Proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
(b) Funds that the PIK Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the PIK Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be promptly turned over to the Security Agent to be applied in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
