(i) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the PIK Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the PIK Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the PIK Agent's consent, as appropriate.
(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any PIK Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all PIK Bondholders that consent at the relevant PIK Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(l) A matter decided at a duly convened and held PIK Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all PIK Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the PIK Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The PIK Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other PIK Bondholders.
(m) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the PIK Agent for the purpose of convening a PIK Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the PIK Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the PIK Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the PIK Agent provide the PIK Agent with a certificate specifying the number of PIK Bonds owned by Group Companies, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such PIK Bonds. The PIK Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a PIK Bond is owned by a Group Company.
(o) Information about decisions taken at a PIK Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the PIK Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the PIK Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant PIK Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a PIK Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the PIK Agent, as applicable.
45
19. PIK Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The PIK Agent shall convene a PIK Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each PIK Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the PIK Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
