19. PIK Bondholders' Meeting
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the PIK Agent, it may convene a PIK Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19(a) with a copy to the PIK Agent. After a request from the PIK Bondholders pursuant to Clause 22.5(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a PIK Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 19(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a PIK Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the PIK Bondholders) and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the PIK Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the PIK Bondholders be required in order to attend the PIK Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The PIK Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the PIK Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a PIK Bondholders' Meeting as the PIK Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for PIK Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
20. Written Procedure
(a) The PIK Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the PIK Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a PIK Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the PIK Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 20(a) to each PIK Bondholder with a copy to the PIK Agent.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 20(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the PIK Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a PIK Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights,
