(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the PIK Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the PIK Agent), that the PIK Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
48
(f) The PIK Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities by or relating to the Issuer or other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
22.3 Duties of the PIK Agent
(a) The PIK Agent shall represent the PIK Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security and Guarantees pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents and Guarantee Agreement on behalf of the PIK Bondholders (in its capacity as Security Agent) and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security and/or Guarantees on behalf of the PIK Bondholders (in its capacity as Security Agent). The PIK Agent is not responsible for the content, valid execution, legal validity, perfection or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the PIK Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the PIK Bondholders. The PIK Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The PIK Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the PIK Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the PIK Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the PIK Agent in not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the PIK Bondholders or any other person.
(d) The PIK Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the PIK Agent is entitled to assume that no Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred.
(e) The PIK Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the PIK Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
