51
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring PIK Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as PIK Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the PIK Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original PIK Agent.
(h) In the event that there is a change of the PIK Agent in accordance with this Clause 22.5, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new PIK Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new PIK Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the PIK Agent and releasing the retiring PIK Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the PIK Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new PIK Agent agrees otherwise, the new PIK Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring PIK Agent.
23. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the PIK Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
24. No Direct Actions by PIK Bondholders
(a) Subject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions, a PIK Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security or Guarantees to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
52
