8.5 The repayment amounts stipulated in the Bank Loan Reduction Schedule shall be reduced with 7.1% (rounded to the nearest USD 100,000) for each Aframax Tanker Security being released according to Clause 8.3 (i.e. if an Aframax Tanker Security is released during the first year of the Loan, the Bank Loan Reduction Schedule shall be reduced to USD 18,600,000 in year 2 and year 3 and USD 27,900,000 in year 4), provided always that the Borrower has complied with the original repayment schedule for the Aframax Tanker as stipulated in the Bank Loan Agreement.
9.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on LIBOR plus 4.25 percentage points. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on LIBOR Reference Banks plus 4.25 percentage points.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in May 2007.
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on LIBOR plus 4.25 percentage points. Should LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on LIBOR Reference Banks plus 4.25 percentage points.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from LIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least l/lOth of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice fiom the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
14
