38 (77)
(ii) The funds in the Escrow Account shall only be (i) used by the Issuer according to Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) or, alternatively, (ii) used by the Issuer in connection with an early repayment of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 10.10 (Voluntary Prepayment).
(c) Issuer's Earnings Account
(i) The Issuer shall procure that all payments from each Vessel Owner as borrower under the relevant Internal Loans and all other amounts receivable by the Issuer shall be paid directly by each Vessel Owner to the Issuer Earnings Account.
(ii) The Issuer Earnings Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee, but not blocked (unless an Event of Default is continuing), and amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Issuer Earnings Account shall (amongst other) be utilised by the Issuer to service the Bonds as and when such payments under the Bonds are due as transfers to the Issuer's Debt Service Account.
(d) Issuer's Debt Service Account
(i) Commencing from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall on a monthly basis ensure that an amount equivalent to 1/6 of the next coupon payment under the Bond Issue is transferred to the Issuer Debt Service Account. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, on a monthly basis commencing from 28 September 2014 ensure that an amount equivalent to 1/6 of the next Scheduled Instalments (as defined above) is transferred to the Issuer Debt Service Account.
(ii) The Issuer Debt Service Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee. The deposited amount shall only be released and applied for payments of interest and Scheduled Instalments in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(e) Liquidity Account: The Issuer shall prior to the release from the Escrow Account open a Liquidity Account with Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway. In connection with the draw-down from the Escrow Account, the Issuer shall deposit an amount equal to the Minimum Liquidity into the Liquidity Account. The Liquidity Account shall be held with Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway, pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and blocked.
