The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
17.1.4
The Bond Trustee may reach derisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a derision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
17.1.5
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 17 or elsewhere in this Bond Agreement to the contrary, by its purchase of its Bond(s), each Bondholder shall be deemed to have appointed and authorized the Bond Trustee to act as security trustee on behalf of the Bondholders with regard to (i) the security, powers, rights, titles, benefits and interests (both present and future) constituted by and conferred thereon under, or pursuant to, the Mortgage (including, without limitation, the benefit of all covenants, undertakings, representations, warranties and obligations given, made or undertaken by the Issuer in the Mortgage), (ii) all monies, property and other assets paid or transferred thereto or vested therein or in any agent thereof or received or recovered thereby or by any agent thereof pursuant to, or in connection with, the Mortgage, whether from the Issuer or any other person, and (iii) all monies, investments, property or other assets at any time representing or deriving from any of the foregoing, including all interest, income and other sums at any time received or receivable thereby or by any agent thereof in respect of the same (or any part thereof). The Bond Trustee, by its acceptance and agreement hereto, hereby accepts
#4677457/1
48 (77)
its appointment but shall have no obligations or liabilities as security trustee under the Mortgage except those expressly set forth in this Bond Agreement and the Mortgage.
