This Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) and Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. This Prospectus has been approved by and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) in accordance with the provisions in Chapter 2, Section 25 and 26 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. It should be noted that such approval and such registration does not constitute any guarantee from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority that the information in the Prospectus is accurate or complete.
This Prospectus will be available at the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's web site (www.fi.se) and the Company's web site (www.akelius.se). Paper copies may be obtained from the Company.
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, no information contained in this Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by auditors. Certain financial and other information set forth in this Prospectus has been rounded off and, as a result, the numerical figures shown as totals in this Prospectus may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them.
This Prospectus is not an offer for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Bonds in any jurisdiction. It has been prepared solely for the purpose of listing the Bonds on OMX. This Prospectus may not be distributed in any country where such distribution or disposal require additional prospectus, registration or additional measures or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such country. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes or persons who acquire the Bonds are therefore required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements and assumptions regarding future market conditions, operations and results. Such forward-looking statements and information are based on the beliefs of the Company's management or are assumptions based on information available to the Company or its subsidiaries (the "Group"). The words "consider", "intends", "deems", "expects", "anticipates", "plans" and similar expressions indicate some of these forward-looking statements. Other such statements may be identified from the context. Any forward-looking statements in this Prospectus involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of the Group to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Further, such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Group will operate in the future. Although the Company believes that the forecasts of, or indications of, future results, performances and achievements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, they involve uncertainties and are subject to certain risks, the occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in the forward-looking statements and from past results, performances or achievements. Further, actual events and financial outcomes may differ significantly from what is described in such statements as a result of the materialisation of risks and other factors affecting the Company's operations. Such factors of a significant nature are mentioned in Section 1 below.
2
Table of Contents
1
Risk Factors ............................................................................................... 3
