The Company's real estates are reported at fair value in the balance sheet and with changes in value in the profit and loss account. Unrealized changes in value do not affect the cash flow.
Different factors may cause the Company to write down the fair value on its real estate, which may adversely affect the Company's result and financial position.
1.1.10 Transactions
All investments involve uncertainties, such as the risks of losing tenants, environmental circumstances and technical problems. Before an investment is made, an evaluation to identify and, if possible, to reduce risks that can be associated with the investment is carried out. However, there are no guarantees that acquired future businesses or real estate will have a positive impact on the Company's result and financial position.
1.1.11 Senior Executives, Staff and Operational Risk
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss due to insufficient routines and/or other irregularities. Adequate internal control mechanisms, appropriate administrative systems, professional development and access to reliable methods of valuation and risk models provide a good foundation to guarantee operational safety. However, the Company cannot guarantee that the measures taken by the Company are adequate and the Company may incur losses if the measures taken by the Company prove to be inadequate.
The Company had 208 employees on 31 March 2012. The knowledge, experience and commitment of these employees is important for the Company's future development. The Company offers very good opportunities for professional development to many of its employees, but the Company would however be adversely affected if several of its employees would decide to leave the Company at the same time or if the Company's administrative security and control functions would fail.
1.1.12 Competition
The Company operates in a competitive sector. The Company's future competitive potential is, amongst other things, dependent on the Company's ability to quickly respond to present and future market needs. Because of this it may become necessary for the Company to make costly investments, restructuring operations or price reductions in order to adapt to a new competition situation. Increased competition could adversely affect the Company's business, financial position and result.
