Another aspect of the credit risk is that a decreased financial position may lead to a decrease in the Company's credit rating which may lead to a decrease in the Company's possibilities to finance itself through loans around the time of maturity of the Bonds. The credit risk should ultimately be considered with respect to the market value of the real estate portfolio in the event of a sale. The Company's ambition is that its collective debts shall not exceed 70 per cent. of the book value of the Company's real estate.
The Company has, as part of its financing, incurred debts to credit institutions. Certain real estate and share certificates in the Company's real estate owning subsidiaries have in connection therewith been pledged as security. Such loans normally constitute a preferential claim on the Company. The Company intends to continue seeking appropriate and profitable financing why further pledges, as part of such new loans, may be provided.
The Bonds represent an unsecured obligation of the Company. This means that in the event of the Company's liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy the bondholders normally receive payment after any prioritised creditors, which usually have security over certain assets, have been fully paid. Every investor should be aware that by investing in the Bonds, it risks losing the entire, or parts of, its investment in the event of the Company's liquidation, bankruptcy or company reorganisation.
1.2.4 Euroclear
The Bonds are connected to Euroclear's account-based system, why no physical notes have been or will be issued. Clearing and settlement relating to the Bonds, as well as payment of interest and redemption of principal amounts, will be performed within Euroclear's account-based system. The investors are therefore dependant on the functionality of Euroclear's account-based system.
1.2.5 Bondholders' Meeting
The Terms and Conditions include certain conditions regarding bondholders' meetings. Such meeting may be held in order to resolve on matters relating to the bondholders' interests. The Terms and Conditions allow for stated majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who have not partaken in or voted at the actual meeting or who have voted differently than the
9
required majority, to decisions that have been taken at a duly convened and conducted bondholders' meeting.
