The Bonds are debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), intended for public market trading, which confirm that the holder has a claim on the Company. The issue of the Bonds was resolved upon and this Prospectus was approved by the Company's board of directors on 20 April 2012 and 9 July 2012, respectively. The issue date for the Bonds was 25 June 2012 and the Bonds will mature on 25 June 2015 (the Final Redemption Date).
The bond loan amounts to maximum SEK one billion (1,000,000,000), represented by Bonds denominated in SEK and with ISIN SE0004649739, each of a nominal amount of SEK one million (1,000,000). The Bonds were issued at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. As of the date of this Prospectus, SEK 420,000,000 of the bond loan has been issued.
The Bonds have been issued in accordance with Swedish law and are connected to the accountbased system of Euroclear, meaning that the Bonds are registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes have been or will be issued. Payment of principal, interest and, if applicable, withholding of preliminary tax will be made through Euroclear's book-entry system.
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest on the Final Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed, pre-paid or repurchased and cancelled in accordance with Section 8 (Early redemption by request of the Company), Section 11 (The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds), Section 13 (Acceleration of the Bonds) or Section 14 (Change of control and Listing Failure) of the Terms and Conditions. Payment in respect of principal and interest shall be made to the person who is a Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date. The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount is timebarred and becomes void ten years from the relevant redemption date.
The Bonds bear interest from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to, and including, the Redemption Date at a floating interest rate of STIBOR (3 months) increased with 475 basis points. The interest is paid quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated on an actual/360-days basis. The Interest Payments Dates are 25 December, 25 March, 25 June and 25 September each year (with the first Interest Payment Date being 25 September 2012 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date). The right to receive payment of interest is time-barred and becomes void three years from the relevant due date for payment. Interest calculations will be made by the Bond Trustee.
12
Swedish Trustee AB is initially acting as Bond Trustee in relation to the Bonds. Even without separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holder's consent (if not required to do so under the Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds and the Terms and Conditions and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such a request of the Bond Trustee.
Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may at any time request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders, see further Section 16 (Holders' meeting and procedure in writing) of the Terms and Conditions. Such meetings or procedures in writing can lead to that a majority decision, binding for all Holders, is being passed.
The Bonds are freely transferable and trading can occur from the Issue Date. Holders may however be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
