Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may at any time request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders, see further Section 16 (Holders' meeting and procedure in writing) of the Terms and Conditions. Such meetings or procedures in writing can lead to that a majority decision, binding for all Holders, is being passed.
The Bonds have been issued through a so called private placement where the Bonds have been offered to and acquired by a limited number of institutional and other investors.
To simplify the trade in the Bonds, the Company intends to apply for listing of the Bonds at the Corporate Bond List on OMX in connection with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's approval of this Prospectus. That an application regarding listing of the Bonds on OMX has been submitted to OMX does however not mean that the application will be approved. If the Bonds have not been listed on OMX within sixty (60) days of the Issue Date, each Holder has a right of pre-payment of the Bonds at a price of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. If the Bonds are listed on OMX, the Terms and Conditions include an undertaking for the Company to take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds continue being listed on OMX for as long as any Bond is outstanding. The expenses of the admission to trading are estimated to amount to SEK 38,000 in relation to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, SEK 13,000 in relation to OMX and fees to advisors.
13
4
Company Description
4.1
The Company's Operations
The Company, Akelius Fastigheter AB (publ), with reg. no. 556156-0383 was formed on 9 August 1971 and was registered in Sweden on 29 December 1971. Its trade name (i.e. the name used for marketing purposes) is Akelius Fastigheter. The Company is a public limited liability company and is regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The registered office of the Company is in the municipality of Danderyd and the Company's registered address is Box 104, 182 12 Danderyd, Sweden.
