The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Company.
4.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
4.2 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
4.3 Holders may however be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
27
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
5 Bonds in electronic book-entry form
5.1 The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in electronic book-entry form and will be registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Föräldrabalken 1949:381), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
5.2 The Company shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok). At the request of the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent, the Company shall request and provide such information to the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent or provide the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information.
