means the terms and conditions regulating the rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds and set forth in Section 6;
1
Risk Factors
Investments in corporate bonds always entail a certain degree of risk and this is also the case for an investment in bonds issued by the Company. A number of factors, both within the Company's control but also factors not controllable by the Company, affect and may come to affect the Company's profit, financial position and the Bonds. A number of risk factors, both general risks attributable to the Company's operations and risks linked directly to the Bonds in their capacity of financial instruments, are described below. The intention is to describe risks that are linked to the Company's business and thus also the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. The below summary of risk factors does not claim to be complete, nor are the risks ranked in order of importance.
Before making a decision about acquisition of the Bonds, any potential investors should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as any other provided information about the Company and the Bonds. In addition, an investor must, alone or together with its financial and other types of advisers, engage in a general evaluation of external facts, other provided information and general information about the real estate market and real estate companies from its own perspective. An investor should have adequate knowledge to evaluate the risk factors as well as sufficient financial strength to bear these risks.
Additional risk factors which the Company is not currently aware of or that currently is not considered to be material, may also affect the Company's future operations, result and financial position and thus the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
All risk factors described below potentially may adversely affect the Company's operations, financial position and result. In turn this would affect the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
1.1
Risks Relating to the Company
