13.4 It is not necessary that a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting has acquired legal force or has ceased to be appealable for it to be a cause for termination.
13.6 The Company is only obliged to inform the Bond Trustee under Section 13.5 if informing the Bond Trustee would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX.
13.7 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under Section 13.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders under Section 16. If the Holders vote in favour of termination, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, the right to terminate has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the right to terminate has ceased.
13.8 If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 16, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, the Bond Trustee is not required to terminate if the Bond Trustee considers that there does not exists any right of termination, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Bond Trustee harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Bond Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
36
13.9 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Section 13, the Bond Trustee shall take every reasonable step necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
13.10
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 13 without a relevant decision by the Bond Trustee or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Section 16.
14 Change of control and Listing Failure
