(ii) take any actions which the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking if the Bond Trustee has been instructed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take such actions and the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking the actions within a reasonable time in breach of these Terms and Conditions, and
However, a Relevant Action may only be taken after a Holders' meeting has decided to take such action. The Holders' meeting shall be convened in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, a Holders' meeting pursuant to this Section can be convened by the Bond Trustee (or by a Holder in accordance with Section 16 (k)) below irrespective of whether the requesting Holders represent ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount. Further, a resolution at a Holders' meeting in accordance with this Section may be passed with simple majority.
15.2 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Company of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 16 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions and, on behalf of the Company, manage administrative tasks in relation to the entering into of new Interest Periods. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is expressly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
(b) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or
39
appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of one or more Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until a resolution has been passed on the matter at a Holders' meeting.
(c) The Bond Trustee may act as agent and/or security trustee for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate the exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(d) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything that would or may in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Bond Trustee does not limit the Bond Trustee's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
