(c) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within thirty (30) days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. Until the resigning Issuing Agent has been replaced by the new Issuing Agent, the resigning Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts and omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Bond Trustee and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
(e) The Company may also appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent if the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent materially fails to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and does not remedy such failure within a reasonable time after the Company made the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent aware thereof. If a new Bond Trustee is appointed, the Company may recover all costs and
41
expenses incurred, and remuneration and fees payable, by the Company in relation to the new Bond Trustee under Sections 15.4 and 17 from the replaced Bond Trustee, provided that such costs, remuneration, fees and expenses exceed the costs, expenses, remuneration and fees that would have been incurred and payable if the Bond Trustee had not been replaced.
(f) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent have resigned or been replaced in accordance with Sections 15.3 (a) ­ (e), the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent shall deliver all documents and provide all information to the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent that are necessary for them to perform their obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
15.4 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee is, according to a separate agreement between the Company and the Bond Trustee, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions. If the Bond Trustee reasonably believes that the Company is or will become insolvent, the Bond Trustee may require reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Sections 13.7 ­ 13.8 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
16 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing and be notified (in accordance with Section 20) to the Company and the Bond Trustee. It shall include (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been duly made, the Bond Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from the receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee is not required to convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond
