minutes shall be finalized promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Bond Trustee.
(i) If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Bond Trustee at the address set out by the Bond Trustee in the notice sent to the Holders according to Section (b) above. For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that deviate from listed alternatives (in a resolution form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section (g) above.
(j) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution being or not being passed at the Holders' meeting.
(k) If the Bond Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' meeting within twenty (20) Banking Days after having received such request, the requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD. If no person referred to in Section 16 (g) above exists, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting Holder.
(l) For the purpose of this Section 16, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 21 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee (i) certifying that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees,
46
the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 21 and this Section 16.
(m) The Company shall bear all its and the Bond Trustee's costs in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.
17 Fees and expenses
