47
18.2 The Bond Trustee may also, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions to the extent such amendments are required by applicable law, court rulings or decisions by relevant authorities or, when the Bond are listed on OMX, and as long as such amendments do not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders, to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing.
18.3 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Section 20, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
19 Time-bar
19.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment have been time-barred and become void.
19.2 If such periods for limitation are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Limitations Act.
20 Notices
20.1 Notices from the Company or the Bond Trustee shall be given in English to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD. Notices to the Holders shall be considered to be received by the Holders three (3) Banking Days after they have been dispatched.
20.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company or the Bond Trustee shall be given in English to the Company or the Bond Trustee as the case may be and, if to the Company, with a copy to the Bond Trustee, at the addresses set forth in Section 1.
