4
1.1.3 Rental Income and Development
If the tenancy ratio or the rents decrease, the Company's result will be adversely affected. The risk of fluctuations in vacancies and loss of rental income increases if a real estate company mainly has few but substantial tenants, which is one reason for the Company not focusing on commercial real estate. However, the Company has some substantial tenants and there is no guarantee that these tenants will renew or extend their real estate leases once they elapse. This may in turn lead to a reduced rental income and an increase in vacancies.
The Company is dependent on tenants paying agreed rents as they fall due. There is a risk that tenants do not pay in time, or at all, or fulfil their obligations in general. If so, the Company's result could be adversely affected.
1.1.4 Operational and Maintenance Costs
Operational costs are mainly costs that are tariff-based, such as costs for electricity, cleaning, water and heating. Several of these services may only be bought from one external actor, which may affect the price. When a cost increase is not compensated through regulation of the lease, or an increase in rent by renegotiation of the lease agreement, the Company's result may be adversely affected.
Maintenance expenses are attributable to measures required in order to maintain the standard of the real estate in the long term. These expenses are written off to the extent they relate to reparations or replacements of minor items. Other additional expenses of this character are carried as assets when the expense arises. The Company has an implementation plan for the maintenance actions that are deemed necessary. However, unexpected and extensive needs for renovation may adversely affect the Company. In addition to mere maintenance costs, there are normally also costs for tenant adjustments.
1.1.5 Credit Risks
When there is a risk for the Company's counterparties being unable to fulfil their financial obligations towards the Company, there is a credit risk. The Company's current and potential customers may get in a financial situation where they cannot pay the agreed rent as it falls due or otherwise abstain from fulfilling their obligations. Credit risks within the financial operations arise, inter alia, from the investment of excess liquidity, when interest swap agreements are entered into and upon obtaining long- and short-term credit agreements. There are no guarantees that the Company's counterparties can fulfil their obligations.
