1.1.5 Credit Risks
1.1.6 Interest Rate Risk
Besides equity, the Company's operations are mainly financed by loans from credit institutions. Interest expenses are therefore one of the Company's main costs items. The interest rate risk is defined as the risk that changes in the interest rate affect the Company's interest expenses. The interest expenses are mainly affected by, besides the extent of interest-bearing debts, the level of current market interest rates and the credit institutions' margins and the Company's strategy regarding interest rate fixation periods. On 31 March 2012 the Company's average interest rate
5
was 4.91 per cent. on interest-bearing liabilities with security, and the capital was tied-up for an average period of 5.6 years.1
The market interest rates are mainly affected by the expected inflation rate. The shorter interest rates in Sweden are mainly affected by The Swedish National Bank's (Sw. Riksbanken) repurchase rate (Sw. reporäntan) which is a monetary policy rate. The Swedish monetary policy intends to keep the inflation at 2 per cent. through adjustments of the repurchase rate. The European Central Bank has a medium term inflation target of close to but below 2 per cent. In times of increasing inflation expectations the interest rate can be expected to rise, and in times with decreasing inflation expectations the interest rate can be expected to fall. A longer average fixed interest term on the Company's loans entails a longer time before a change in the interest rate will have effect on the Company's interest expenses.
1.1.7 Refinancing Risk
The refinancing risk is defined as the risk of not being able to obtain financing at all, or only to significantly higher costs. As of 31 March 2012, the Company's interest-bearing debts amounted to SEK 21,385 million.2
As per 31 March 2012, SEK 3,218 million of the interest-bearing debt were comprised of lending from group companies and related parties, and were mostly subordinated in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation. The total unsecured loans amounted to SEK 3,262 million, including SEK 44 million of public bonds.3 Since such loans consist of relending of deposits, the lenders refinancing of such loans are ultimately dependant on lending by the public. There is no guarantee that these lenders will and can continue to provide the financing in the future.
