The refinancing risk is defined as the risk of not being able to obtain financing at all, or only to significantly higher costs. As of 31 March 2012, the Company's interest-bearing debts amounted to SEK 21,385 million.2
During the financial crisis in 2008-2009 the volatility and disturbances on the financial and credit markets were extreme, with decreased liquidity and increased credit risk premiums for many credit institutions. Even though the Company assesses the refinancing risk as small, there is no guarantee that future refinancing is possible on reasonable terms, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations, financial position and result.
1.1.8 Changes in Value of the Company's Interest Rate Derivatives
Several of the Company's credit agreements include floating interest rates. The Company uses interest rate derivatives, mainly interest rate swaps, to manage the interest rate risk. The interest rate derivatives are reported at fair value in the balance sheet and with changes in value in the profit and loss account. As the market interest rates changes, a theoretical over or under value on the interest rate derivatives occur which, however, does not affect the cash flow. At the end of the term the value of the derivatives is always zero. The derivative constitutes a hedging against higher interest rates, but it also means that the market value of the Company's interest rate derivatives decreases if the market interest rates decrease, which in turn has a negative impact on the Company's financial position and result.
1 The consolidated, unaudited interim report of the Company for the period 1 January 2012 ­ 31 March 2012. 2 The consolidated, unaudited interim report of the Company for the period 1 January 2012 ­ 31 March 2012. 3 The consolidated, unaudited interim report of the Company for the period 1 January 2012 ­ 31 March 2012.
6
1.1.9 Changes in Value of the Company's Real Estate
The Company's real estates are reported at fair value in the balance sheet and with changes in value in the profit and loss account. Unrealized changes in value do not affect the cash flow.
The value of the real estate is affected by a number of factors, some of which are real estatespecific such as occupancy ratio and operative expenses whereas others are market-specific such as yield requirements and cost of capital that are derived from comparable transactions on the real estate market.
