(2) either:
(b) the e-mail address that you gave us and to which the e-mail has been delivered is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands), any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, and
(3) if you are resident in a member state of the European Economic Area, you are a qualified investor.
Prospective purchasers that are QIBs are hereby notified that the seller of the securities will be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the U.S. Securities Act pursuant to Rule 144A.
You are reminded that the offering memorandum has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession the offering memorandum may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorized to, deliver the offering memorandum to any other person.
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Initial Purchasers or any affiliate of the
Initial Purchasers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Initial Purchasers or such affiliate on behalf of the issuer in such jurisdiction. Under no circumstances shall the offering memorandum constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.
The offering memorandum has been sent to you in electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently neither the Initial Purchasers, the Adviser nor any person who controls the Initial Purchasers or the Adviser, nor any of their directors, officers, employees or agents, accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the offering memorandum distributed to you in electronic form and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Initial Purchasers.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
