No dealer, salesperson or other person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this offering memorandum and, if given or made, any such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer, the Guarantors, Goldman Sachs International, ING Bank N.V., London Branch, J.P Morgan Securities plc, Danske Bank A/S and Nordea Bank Danmark A/S, as initial purchasers of the Notes (the ``Initial Purchasers") or Lazard & Co., Limited, as financial adviser to the Issuer (the ``Adviser"). This offering memorandum does not constitute an offer of any securities other than those to which it relates or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, to any person in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Neither the delivery of this offering memorandum nor any sale made under it shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date of this offering memorandum or that the information contained in this offering memorandum is correct as of any time subsequent to that date.
This Offering is being made in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the U.S. Securities Act for an offer and sale of securities that does not involve a public offering. The Notes have not been registered with, recommended by or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or any other U.S. federal, state or foreign securities commission or regulatory authority, nor has any such commission or regulatory authority reviewed or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this offering memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
The Initial Purchasers reserve the right to withdraw this Offering at any time and to reject any commitment to subscribe for the Notes, in whole or in part. The Initial Purchasers also reserve the right to allot less than the full amount of Notes sought by investors. The Initial Purchasers and certain related entities may acquire a portion of the Notes for their own account.
The laws of certain jurisdictions may restrict the distribution of this offering memorandum and the offer and sale of the Notes. Persons into whose possession this offering memorandum or any of the Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions. None of the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers, the Adviser or their respective representatives are making any representation to any offeree or any purchaser of the Notes regarding the legality of any investment in the Notes by such offeree or purchaser under applicable investment or similar laws or regulations. For a further description of certain restrictions on the Offering and sale of the Notes and the distribution of the offering memorandum, see ``Notice to Certain European Investors' and ``Transfer Restrictions."
To purchase the Notes, investors must comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which investors purchase, offer or sell the Notes or possess or distribute this offering memorandum. Investors must also obtain any consent, approval or permission required by such jurisdiction for investors to purchase, offer or sell any of the Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any
ii
jurisdiction to which investors are subject. None of the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers, the Adviser or their respective affiliates will have any responsibility therefor.
No action has been taken by the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer, the Adviser or any other person that would permit an Offering or the circulation or distribution of this offering memorandum or any offering material in relation to the Issuer or the Notes in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
The Initial Purchasers and the Adviser make no warranty, express or implied as to, and assume no responsibility for, the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this offering memorandum. Nothing contained in this offering memorandum is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation by the Initial Purchasers or the Adviser as to the past, the present or the future.
