We are also required to comply with Regulation (EC) No. 1907/2006 of the European Parliament and Counsel concerning the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals ("REACH"), which requires companies to secure the safe use of substances and chemicals put on the market. REACH requires that, unless exempt, all chemicals and substances manufactured, imported, or used within the EU must be registered with the European Chemicals Agency ("ECHA"). We registered our stone wool fiber, a man-made vitreous (silicate) fiber, with the ECHA in September 2010 and we believe we are compliant with the REACH regulations. Our ECHA registration covers the stone wool fiber used in all of our products. In addition, as we manufacture building materials, regulations on constructions products are applicable to our activities. We are also required to comply with the EU Packaging and Packaging Waste Directive (94/62/EC).
At our production facilities and quarrying sites, certain particulates are released in the form of dust. Additionally, certain chemical binding agents and other hazardous substances are used at our sites. Future limits on the use of such materials or chemicals may result in additional costs in the production process and more complex handling procedures at construction sites due to more extensive workplace safety requirements. Increased attention has been paid to chemicals in connection with workplace safety and environmental permits in Finland. This may result in requirements to replace chemicals now in use with chemical considered to be safer. This may have adverse effect on our business. In addition, our products contain mineral fibers, which complicates handling at construction sites due to more extensive requirements for worker safety requirements, resulting in increased costs to us. Any occupational safety deviations, discoveries of latent injuries, spills of substances or other accidents could result in claims for damages, capital expenditures for technical improvements, or maintenance to ensure future compliance, which could adversely affect our business. Consumer concern about mineral fibers included in our products or released during production processes, construction or use of certain products may negatively affect the reputation of our products. Our production facilities and quarrying sites also generate noise that is regulated by permit conditions in our environmental permits. Permit conditions regarding noise generally establish a maximum noise threshold, which may vary depending on the time of day. If general noise reference values are updated our permit conditions may be correspondingly altered. This could have adverse effects on our business as we may be required to limit or alter our operations so that applicable noise thresholds are not exceeded.
41
As urbanization continues to progress in many of our operating jurisdictions, residential areas have drawn increasingly close to a number of our older sites. For example, Vilnius, Parainen, Lappeenranta and Hässleholm are located close to city centers. Hällekis and Parainen are located close to Natura 2000 sites (EU-wide network of "Special Areas of Conservation" designated by Member States under the EU Habitats Directive, and also incorporates ``Special Protection Areas'' which are designated by Member States under the 1979 EU Birds Directive), which require additional focus on emissions levels. Although we expend substantial efforts on community engagement and research and development of solutions to minimize or address potential impacts on nearby communities, we may be compelled to cease or scale back operations at sites located close to residential areas or protected natural reserve areas in response to community pressure or regulatory changes (such as changes in zoning), or to relocate certain households situated in the special protection zone of our facilities. We may not be able to obtain compensation for any such cessation or reduction in production, or may be required to incur substantial expenditures in connection with such relocations, and thus they may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See ``--Interruptions in operations at ourfacilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows."
The Tver production plant is located in a specially protected natural area--the Zavidovo national park-- and consequently is subject to stricter environmental regulations. For instance, losses incurred as a result of environmental offences committed in specially protected natural areas are required to be compensated by double damages. Administrative liability for environmental offenses committed in such areas can lead to confiscation of the equipment which caused the relevant environmental offence. Moreover, due to its location construction of the Tver production plant requires additional consents to be issued by the administration of the Zavidovo national park. Moreover, we cannot exclude the possibility that in the future any production activities within the territory of the Zavidovo national park may be restricted due to its special status. Should ZAO Paroc violate the existing environmental regulations and/or fail to comply with additional requirements for protection of the national park area and/or fail to effectively arrange for exclusion of its land from the territory of the Zavidovo national park, it may be subject to inspection by the Russian authorities, and administrative or other liabilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We receive government subsidies that may, in certain circumstances, be reduced, withdrawn or required to be repaid.
We receive certain subsidies from the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation for research and development financing of certain R&D projects, but there is no guarantee such subsidies will continue in the future. In particular, the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation has the right to claw-back these subsidies if certain events specified in the funding conditions (e.g. business changes or reorganizations such as mergers, divisions or significant changes in ownership) occur without its consent within five years after the payment of the subsidies. It is therefore possible that any subsidies received by us, plus interest and fees, may be clawed back if such an event were to occur without its consent. If such claw-back rights were to be triggered and exercised, we would be required to repay such subsidies. The establishment of our financial services center in Vilnius, and the associated training of new employees recruited in connection therewith, was partially funded by EU Structural Funds received by UAB Paroc totaling approximately LTL 1.4 million. The terms and conditions upon which this funding was provided to us include obligations on us to invest at least LTL 6.5 million in the financial center and training projects, and to create at least 50 new jobs at our financial services center. If we fail to reach these targets, the amount of the funds may be decreased proportionally. The terms and conditions also prohibit us from changing the nature or scope of our business, participating in a reorganization, or initiating any liquidation procedure without the prior written consent of the Ministry of Economics and Ministry of Social Security and Labour of the Republic of Lithuania within the five-year period after completion of the relevant investment projects (i.e., until April 5, 2015 (for the financial center project) and July31, 2015 (for the training project)). Additionally, we are obliged to assure the continuity of the projects for the same respective five-year post-completion periods. If we fail to comply with any of these terms and conditions, we may be required to repay all or part of the EU Structural Funds that we have received. This may adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations.
Changes in the European Union's andMember States'energy efficiencypolicies couldhave a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
The insulation materials industry is strongly influenced by the European Union's policy of targeting a 20% increase in energy efficiency by 2020, pursuant to Directive 2012/27/EU (Energy Efficiency Directive
