2020, but instead receives free allowances determined in accordance with the benchmark value applicable to the relevant sector. Although all of our manufacturing plants other than the Tver facility, the Panel System facility at Parainen and the Skovde facility are subject to the EU ETS, each of these sites benefit from the current carbon leakage exemption granted in 2012 for the years 2013-2014 pursuant to Commission Decision 2012/498/EU (amending Commission Decision 2010/2/EU and Commission Decision 2011/278/EU), and have therefore initially been allocated emission allowances free of charge corresponding to the mineral wool sector benchmark value and the average historical annual level of production performed in the relevant installation, calculated for the higher of the periods between 2005 and 2008, and 2009 and 2010. The European Commission will determine every five years which industries are threatened by carbon leakage. Thus, there is no certainty that the stone wool industry will again be considered as being threatened by carbon leakage. Although the mineral wool sector has again been specified as a sector deemed to be exposed to a significant risk of carbon leakage in the draft European Commission decision published on May 5, 2014 regarding the 2015-2019 carbon leakage list, there is no guarantee that the sector will be included in the list ultimately adopted by the European Commission following scrutiny by the EU Climate Change Committee, the European Parliament and the Council. If the European Commission concludes that no such threat of carbon leakage exists in 2014 or at the time of any later determination, the regular emissions reduction scheme would also apply to our manufacturing plants and we would be required to purchase emission allowances in the amount required for our production purposes. Even assuming that carbon leakage status is maintained by the stone wool industry, we estimate that we will have an average annual shortfall of approximately 29% in emissions allowances across the whole Paroc Group during Phase III (2013 to 2020) and this shortfall will be greater if carbon leakage status is not maintained). In addition, new production capacity may not be eligible for carbon leakage status, unless the operations meet the required criteria for new entrants. We expect the future cost of purchasing necessary additional emissions allowances to be material, although we do not have an estimate at this time given that the emissions allowance market is an open market with fluctuating prices. See ``Regulation--Finland-- Climate Change Law--Emission Trading Law in the European Union," "--Sweden-- Emission Trading Law in the European Union, " "--Lithuania--Emission Trading Law in the European Union" and ``--Poland--Emission Trading Law in the European Union." Compliance with existing, new or proposed regulations governing such emissions might lead to a need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, to purchase rights to emit carbon dioxide from third parties, or to make other changes to our business, all of which could result in significant additional cost or could reduce demand for our products. In addition, we require large quantities of energy in various forms for our production processes. Existing, new and proposed regulations relating to the emission of carbon dioxide by our energy suppliers could result in materially increased energy cost for our operations and we may be unable to pass on these increased energy cost to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See "--Increased energy cost or disruptions in energy supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations."
We own a significant number of emissions allowances and emission credits, which are registered as intangible assets by national registries in individual EU countries. National emissions allowances and emission credits registries are operated by independent governmental bodies and are governed by EU law. We have no control over or influence on the security and operational processes of these national registries. The financial value of our assets registered in such registries is significant and a change in the quantity of permitted emissions represented by our allowances and credits or an unauthorized transfer on the relevant registries of such allowances and credits to another party could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Obligations resultingfrom environmental conditions at our current andformer production and other sites could have a material adverse effect on our business,financial condition and results of operations.
Many of our current and former facilities and properties have long histories of industrial operations. In addition, we have responsibility for a number of sites we have acquired, or that we owned or operated in the past. At many of our sites, hazardous substances and waste are or have been used or stored in significant quantities. Contaminants have been detected at some of these sites. For example, groundwater and/or soil contamination has been found at our Hässleholm, Oulu, Parainen, Trzemeszno and Tver sites. In 2005, we conducted environmental remediation when resin leaked from a broken hose at Oulu. Although our remedial responsibilities at these sites, other than the Lappeenranta site and the Oulu site in
44
2005, have not been material to date, the ultimate cost of remediation is difficult to accurately predict, and we could incur significant additional cost as a result of the discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional remediation obligations at these or other sites in the future, including in connection with site investigations that may be necessary in complying with IED requirements or the closure of our Lappeenranta site. In some cases, we may also incur costs related to remediation of pre-existing contamination of properties owned by us which has not been caused by us, if the original polluter cannot be established in the course of administrative proceedings or, in certain jurisdictions, because we are the current owner of the relevant property. We may also incur significant costs in seeking to enforce contractual indemnities provided to us in respect of environmental liabilities by other parties conducting operations at our sites, and we may not be successful in enforcing such indemnities. Moreover, certain permits which we need to carry out our operations contain provisions requiring us to remediate possible contamination or old landfills, and it is possible that such provisions will be introduced into our other necessary permits. See ``Regulation--Finland--Soil and Groundwater Contamination," "--Sweden-- Soil and Groundwater Contamination," "--Poland-- Soil and Groundwater Contamination and "--Russia-- Soil."
In relation to the Lappeenranta site, as at December 31, 2013, we have recognized an environmental provision of 6.9 million for demolition and other costs related to the closure of the Lappeenranta facility. However, costs in excess of this provision may be required to be incurred by us in order to comply with our ultimate remediation obligations, which are difficult to accurately predict. In addition, we may have failed to properly identify and assess potential risks with respect to plants and sites that we have acquired in the past, for example at Skovde, the prior occupants produced polystyrene, and we would be liable for any contamination discovered in the future under Swedish law. In such a case, we might not succeed in claiming damages or indemnification against the relevant seller; our ability to seek indemnification from the relevant seller may be limited by various factors, including the financial condition of the indemnifying or responsible party as well as by contractual or legal limits on such indemnities or obligations (for example, in the case of the Tver production plant, most of the associated assets were purchased pursuant to a bankruptcy sale and so recourse to the vendor of the assets may not be possible). Furthermore, there is no insurance coverage for financial liabilities arising from soil, water and other forms of contamination. In addition, we may be responsible for any contamination detected at a site that we have sold or vacated in the past, if the contamination is traced back to our use of the site. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are subject to certain restrictions and reclamation and recultivation obligations resultingfrom our Finnish law mining rights, as well as to Finnish environmental regulations, which could adversely affect our ability to expand our business, our financial condition, our results operations and cash flows.
As one of the prerequisites for obtaining a permit to quarry a designated area, we are required by the Finnish mining and environmental authorities to provide a reclamation plan which obligates us to restore the quarrying site in accordance with specific standards. As part of this reclamation plan, we are required to create, and annually adjust, non-cash reserves to cover these future reclamation costs, which are calculated by discounting estimated costs under the reclamation plan to their present value. Furthermore, our environmental permits and mining district decisions (i.e., mining concessions in Finland) require us to collateralize our obligations to remediate waste areas and mining district or permit areas. The requirement to provide collateral for the remediation of mining district areas was introduced in connection with the 2011 reform of the Finnish mining legislation and the Mining Authority has accepted our proposal that we provide a three-year bank guarantee in the amount of 50,000 to cover all of our mining districts. See "Regulation--Finland--Excavation of Stone Resources."
