As of December 31, 2013, 39.4% of our total group assets were intangible assets, with 26.2% and 3.2% of our total group assets corresponding to goodwill and brands with indefinite useful lives, respectively. Goodwill arising from an acquisition represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent liabilities recognized. Goodwill is recognized at cost and is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is not amortized but tested for impairment annually whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a cash generating unit may not be recoverable. Preparation of these calculations requires the use of estimates and assumptions. The key assumptions used in cash flow projections are based on management estimates and estimates made by certain third parties. The most significant key assumption affecting the projections is the development of residential construction business, as well as the development of commercial building construction business which has an effect on our panels segment. For our insulation segment, an increase in discount rate of 0.5 percentage points or any other reduction in gross margin of 1.2 percentage points, of the estimated gross margins would cause the cash generating units' recoverable amount to be equal to its carrying amount. According to our estimates, in other cash generating units, any reasonably possible change in a key variable would not create a scenario in which the unit's carrying value would exceed its value in use.
We believe that our brands are important to our ongoing success, and damage to our brands could harm our business results and reputation.
During the year ended December 31, 2013, we generated the majority of our product sales (i.e., sales excluding service sales, trading goods, transportation and inter-segment sales) from products marketed mainly under the PAROC® and PARAFON® brands. We believe that the brand awareness, preference and loyalty that some professional and end-user customers exhibit for these brands in many markets in which we operate are an important competitive advantage. The maintenance and protection of our brands are therefore important for our future success. If we are unable to protect and promote our brands effectively,
46
our brands might not continue to be recognized by our relevant customer groups for their high quality and advanced technical standards. This could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
Currency rate and interest ratefluctuations might adversely affect ourfinancialposition and results ofoperations.
Due to our international business activities, we are exposed to a variety of financial risks. In particular, these include risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Although we may enter into derivatives transactions from time to time to hedge against interest rate and currency risks, we may misjudge the extent to which such hedges are required and, accordingly, be required to pay rates exceeding the prevailing market price under our hedging agreements to effect certain transactions.
Interest rate risks exist as a result of potential changes in the market interest rate and might lead to a change in fair value in the case of fixed interest-bearing financial instruments, and to fluctuations in interest payments in the case of variable interest-bearing financial instruments. Our interest risks arise primarily from short-term deposits and draw-downs on cash loan facilities. As of December 31, 2013, after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, approximately 230 million of our third-party indebtedness would have had a floating interest rate. With regard to variable interest-bearing financial instruments, changes in market rates have an impact on our interest expense. We may decide to put hedging in place for our New Revolving Credit Facility, our Floating Rate Notes or any other variable rate debt obligations we may have outstanding from time to time in the future. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Interest rate risk. ''
Our consolidated financial statements are presented in euros, which is the functional and reporting currency of the Group. Currency risk arises through fluctuations of the exchange rate of the currencies of countries that are not part of the European Monetary Union and their impact on our results of operations and statements of financial position as we translate the financial results from our subsidiaries in those countries to the euro. We also face transactional currency exchange rate risks if income generated in one currency is accompanied by cost in another currency. Net currency exposure from sales denominated in foreign currencies arises to the extent that we do not incur corresponding expenses in the same foreign currencies.
