Prior to Paroc ownership, there was an asbestos-cement sheet production plant at our Trzemeszno site in Poland, which was established in 1968 and shut down in 1998 when the former parent company of Paroc (Partek, a Finnish industrial conglomerate) acquired the stone wool production departments (the other departments were acquired by third parties). Although we understand that all asbestos materials were removed before Partek purchased the site, it is possible that we could incur material expenses in cleaning-up any residual impacts that are identified, or as result of any liability claims that are brought against us, in the future.
Our production plants, equipment and other assets are insured for property damage and business interruption risks and our business as a whole is insured for public and products liability risks. We believe that these insurance policies are generally in accordance with customary industry practices, including deductibles and limits of cover, but we cannot be fully insured against all potential hazards incident to our business, including losses resulting from risks of war, terrorist acts, riots, coups, uprisings, invasions, annexations or other political or crisis management risks, expropriation, confiscation and forced abandonment, employment practices liability, certain natural hazards (such as earthquakes), cybercrime or other cyber risks, environmental damages (including pollution liabilities and costs for gradual pollution incidents and on-site clean-up costs), or all potential losses, including damage to our reputation. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, or if premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies were to increase substantially as a result of any incidents for which we are insured, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
52
We are subject to risks from legal proceedings.
We are involved in litigation in the ordinary course of business and could become involved in additional legal and arbitration disputes in the future which may involve substantial claims for damages or other payments, including damages claims by customers in connection with past or future product liability claims, tax litigation, violations of antitrust laws, compensation suits by former employees (including for workplace injuries) or compensation owed to former minority shareholders in connection with squeeze-out proceedings. The outcome of currently pending or potential future proceedings is difficult to predict with any certainty. In the event of a negative outcome of any material legal or arbitration proceeding, whether based on a judgment, award or a settlement, we could be obligated to make substantial payments. In addition, the cost related to litigation and arbitration proceedings may be significant.
In 2012 (with respect to 2006) and 2013 (with respect to 2007-2008), the Finnish tax authorities conducted tax reassessments concerning the tax payable by Paroc Oy Ab in respect of the company's transfer pricing practices for intra group pricing of supplies of raw materials, license fees and distributor services during the 2006 to 2008 financial years. Under these tax reassessments, the company is required to pay 22.3 million in taxes and penalties (this amount also includes interest of 5.9 million calculated until December 31, 2013). Because we have a different view as to the correct tax treatment of our transfer pricing practices during that period, we have filed an appeal against the tax reassessment with the Board of Appeals and have not recognized a provision for this potential liability in our financial statements. We have been granted an interdiction of payment, which means that the reassessed taxes are not due until the earlier of the date of the Board of Appeals' decision and January 31, 2015. However, if we are unsuccessful in our appeal and the Board of Appeals does not accept our view, absent any successful subsequent appeal by us, we will be liable to pay the reassessed amount, plus additional interest calculated up to the payment date. As we have applied the same transfer pricing practices in respect of the 2009 to 2013, financial years, if our appeal is unsuccessful we may also have to pay additional taxes, penalties and accrued interest, which we estimate may total as much as 16.7 million (comprising additional tax of 12.6 million, plus 2.5 million in penalties and 1.6 million in interest, in respect of those financial years).
In 2012, the Finnish tax authorities also conducted an audit of Paroc Oy Ab's tax return in respect of the financial year ended December 31, 2011 and assessed 7.6 million of additional taxable income on the basis that a deduction had been incorrectly claimed on write-downs of intragroup loans. The authorities also imposed an additional penalty of 370,000, which we have paid. We have appealed this assessment and the penalty, and as a result of the appeal the penalty imposed has been reduced to 800. The Finnish tax authorities have appealed the reduction of the penalty and we have appealed the assessment of additional income as taxable income. The proceedings before the Administrative Court in relation to the matter are currently pending. If the Finnish tax authorities are successful in the pending proceedings before the Administrative Court, we will not receive a refund of the penalty amount paid by us absent any successful subsequent appeal by us.
We are also currently involved in a material dispute arising from our operations in Poland. In 2011, a local authority sought to impose real property taxes for 2009 to 2011 in respect of an investment project at our Trzemeszno production facility in an amount totaling approximately PLN2.2 million more than the amounts declared and paid by us for such taxes. To date we have been unsuccessful in disputing the imposition of these additional taxes in appeals to the Self-Government Appeal Court and Regional Administrative Court in Poznan. We are currently awaiting the outcome of a further appeal to the Supreme Administrative Court. While we await the outcome of our appeal, we have paid this additional tax amount, and have booked a tax receivable for which 100% of the provision is booked.
We are subject to certain competition and antitrust laws.
