Our top 10 customers accounted for 31%, 37% and 19% of our gross external sales in our BI, TI and PPS divisions, respectively, in the year ended December 31, 2013. We expect a small number of customers to continue to account for a not insignificant portion of our net sales for these divisions for the foreseeable future. By contrast, in our Russian operations, our top 10 customers accounted for 50% of our gross external sales in the year ended December 31, 2013, and a small number of customers may continue to account for a substantial portion of our net sales for this business unit for the foreseeable future.
The loss of, or a significant adverse change in our relationships with, our major customers, or a loss of market position of any major customer, could cause a decrease in our sales. The loss of, or a reduction in orders from, any significant customers, losses arising from customers' disputes regarding shipments, fees, merchandise condition or related matters, or our inability to collect accounts receivable from any major retail customer could cause a decrease in our net income and our cash flows. In addition, revenue from customers that have accounted for significant revenue in past periods, individually or as a group, may not continue, or if continued, may not reach or exceed historical levels in any period.
Increases in union organizing activity and work stoppages at ourfacilities or thefacilities of our suppliers could delay or impede our production, reduce sales of our products and increase our costs.
Our financial performance is affected by the cost of labor. As of December 31, 2013, we estimate that in Finland, approximately 98% of our blue collar and 85% of our white collar employees were represented by labor unions, in Sweden, approximately 95% of our blue collar and 75% of our white collar employees were represented by labor unions, in Poland, approximately 40% of our blue collar and 20% of our white collar employees were represented by labor unions and in Lithuania, 15% of our blue collar employees were represented by labor unions. There is currently no unionization at our Russian facility. We are subject to the risk that strikes or other types of conflicts with personnel may arise or that we may become a subject of union organizing activity. There are collective bargaining agreements in place in our operations in Finland, Sweden and Lithuania. In Poland, we have a set of "Regulations" related to, for example, remuneration, which have been drafted according to the Polish Labor Code, issued by Paroc Polska Sp. z o.o. and approved by the trade unions active in Paroc Polska Sp. z o.o. Furthermore, some of our direct and indirect suppliers have unionized work forces. Strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by these suppliers could result in insufficient supply of the raw materials we need to produce our stone wool products. In the past, we have had disputes with unions operating in our Polish operations, which in 2011 were ultimately settled amicably. We could in the future have disputes with the unions operating in our organization. Any interruption in the production or delivery of our products could reduce sales of our products and increase our costs.
Our ability to operate and ourgrowthpotential could be materially and adversely affected if we cannot employ, train and retain qualified personnel at a competitive cost.
Many of the products that we manufacture and assemble require manual processes in plant environments. We believe that our success depends upon our ability to attract, employ, train and retain qualified personnel with the ability to design, manufacture and assemble these products. In addition, our ability to expand our operations depends in part on our ability to increase our skilled labor force as the housing market recovers in our core Nordic markets. A significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could result in a reduction of our qualified labor force, increases in the wage rates that we must pay, or both, particularly in the emerging markets in which we operate. In addition, our ability to quickly and effectively train additional workforce to handle the increased volume and production while minimizing labor inefficiencies and maintaining product quality will be a strategic initiative in a housing market recovery. If either of these events were to occur, our cost structure could increase, our margins could decrease, and any growth potential could be impaired.
We may not be able to effectively predict or react to rapid technological changes that could render our products obsolete.
The emergence of new technologies is driving rapid change in some of the Group's markets. The Group has to keep pace with these changes and integrate the new technologies in its product offer, in order to respond effectively to customers' needs. This requires spending on research and development, with no guaranteed return on investment. The Group's sales and operating margin may be affected if it fails to invest in appropriate technologies or to rapidly bring new products to market, or if competing products are introduced or the Group's new products do not adequately respond to customers' needs. This could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position and results.
Changes in distribution channels may adversely affect our sales volume and profitability, and new distribution channels may have lower margins and reduce our profitability.
