The emergence of new technologies is driving rapid change in some of the Group's markets. The Group has to keep pace with these changes and integrate the new technologies in its product offer, in order to respond effectively to customers' needs. This requires spending on research and development, with no guaranteed return on investment. The Group's sales and operating margin may be affected if it fails to invest in appropriate technologies or to rapidly bring new products to market, or if competing products are introduced or the Group's new products do not adequately respond to customers' needs. This could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position and results.
Distribution of insulation materials is generally made via dealers or other intermediaries or by direct sales to end users. Panels are generally sold directly to end users, other than in Russia. Direct sales typically have lower margins. If direct sales channels gain greater importance in the future, we may lose market share or
57
our margins may decline, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, in recent years, the trend towards the increasing use of the internet as a source of information has generally resulted in greater levels of price transparency. However, the share of the internet as a sales channel is still limited in our industry. Although we do not believe that the internet has had a material impact on our sales or margins to date, we cannot assure you that this will not change in the future. We have seen an increasing tendency toward dealer consolidation, which could increase customer bargaining power and lower margins if dealers start to demand lower prices, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may be affected by changes of approach or existing practices by governmental authorities or courts in certain countries with respect to the interpretation of unclear or ambiguous provisions of laws
In certain countries, like Poland and, to some extent, Russia, a number of provisions of the laws, including in relation to taxation, applicable to our operations and the way we finance them are unclear or ambiguous and, therefore, we are exposed to the risk of unfavorable administrative or judicial interpretations thereof. Moreover, the past and current practices of governmental authorities, courts and other parties in regarding or interpreting our actions, or actions of third parties, as effective and valid may be altered, which could result in a negative impact on our business, financial position and results of operations. In particular, certain agreements we have entered into in relation to the acquisition of part of the real property on which our manufacturing facilities in Trzemeszno are located may be declared invalid or ineffective due to the fact that at the time of closing such acquisitions we relied on permits issued by the Polish Ministry of Internal Affairs which might not have been fully effective as at the time of closing. This may affect our title to our land and the facilities we have constructed thereon; at worst, if in the event of a dispute no agreement is reached with the legal successor of the vendor of the relevant real property in Trzemeszno and our real property interests are not recognized by a court, we may be forced to move our Polish manufacturing facilities to another location, relinquish the relevant real property to the legal successor of the vendor, pay damages to the legal successor of the vendor, or offset the cost of our investments in the facilities against damages payable by us to the vendor's successor. Our ultimate recovery, if any, in such circumstances may be less than the cost of our investments in the facilities. This can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. See "--Interruptions in operations at our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. ''
We may not realize any or all ofour anticipated cost savings andproductivity andefficiency gains with respect to our cost savings programs.
This offering memorandum includes estimates and assumptions, including some that are related to the implementation of cost savings programs. These cost savings programs include productivity, efficiency and selling, general and administrative expense ("SG&A") programs, including an energy efficiency project, a consumption optimization project, a packaging improvement project, a maintenance saving program (involving the centralization of maintenance and repair processes), a reduction in headcount (mainly indirect, finance/accounting), a finance transformation project wherein a financial service center was established in Vilnius, Lithuania and the business controlling organization was reorganized, among other programs. The estimates contained herein involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied.
