Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy our debt obligations, including the Notes.
We may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, including up to 60.0 million under our New Revolving Credit Facility, which will be secured on a pari passu basis with the Notes. Although the New Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture will contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances the amount of indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial and we may be able to secure such additional indebtedness with the Collateral or other assets. Certain creditors in respect of our debt, including lenders under our New Revolving Credit Facility and counterparties to certain hedging obligations will receive proceeds from the enforcement of security granted over the Collateral prior to the holders of the Notes. If new indebtedness is added to our existing debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. In addition, the Indenture and the New Revolving Credit Facility will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness under those agreements.
Furthermore, some of the debt that we incur in the future could be structurally senior to the Notes and may be secured by collateral that does not secure the Notes. In particular, our non-Guarantor subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, further increasing the risks associated with our substantial leverage. If any of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries incur additional indebtedness, the holders of that debt will be entitled to share ahead of you in any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding-up of such subsidiaries. See "--The Notes will be structurally subordinated to present and future liabilities of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries."
We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and sustain our operations. Our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors beyond our control.
Our ability to make payments on, or repay or refinance, our debt, including the Notes, and to fund future capital expenditure and other cash needs will depend largely upon our future operating performance. Our future performance, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, technical and other factors, including those discussed in these "Risk Factors," that are beyond our control. In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future to make payments on our debt will depend on the satisfaction of the covenants in our New Revolving Credit Facility, the Indenture and our other debt agreements, as well as any other agreements we may enter into in the future. We cannot assure
59
you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt, including the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs. See ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources." In addition, prior to the repayment in full of the Notes, we will be required to refinance or repay certain other debt, including debt under the New Revolving Credit Facility. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance or repay any of our indebtedness, including the Notes, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates than our current debt and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. If we are unable to make payments or refinance our indebtedness or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we would have to consider other options, such as:  sell assets or equity;  reduce or delay our business activities and any capital expenditures;  restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, including the Notes, on or before maturity;  forego opportunities such as acquisitions of other businesses; or  negotiate with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. If we are not able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may not be able to satisfy our debt obligations. Any failure to raise additional funds necessary to service our debt on a timely basis could result in a default under our debt, including under the New Revolving Credit Facility and the Notes. This in turn would also likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could adversely affect our ability to incur additional indebtedness. An event of default under any of these circumstances could result in:  holders of our indebtedness declaring all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable;  the lenders under our New Revolving Credit Facility being able to terminate their commitments to
lend us money and foreclose against the Collateral securing their borrowings; and  our being forced into bankruptcy or liquidation, which could result in you losing your investment in
the Notes.
