restricted subsidiaries.
All of these limitations are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. In addition, the New Revolving Credit Facility also requires us to satisfy financial condition tests provided for in the New Revolving Credit Facility. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--New Revolving Credit Facility."
Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions under the Indenture and the New Revolving Credit Facility and under other agreements governing our indebtedness may be affected by events beyond our control. These include prevailing political, economic, financial and industry conditions.
The covenants in the Indenture and the New Revolving Credit Facility and any future indebtedness may significantly restrict our future operations and our ability to react to market conditions or take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. If there were an event of default under any of the agreements relating to our outstanding debt, including from the Issue Date the Indenture, and from the date of its execution (if earlier) the New Revolving Credit Facility, which was not cured or waived during any applicable grace period, the holders of the defaulted debt could cause all amounts outstanding with respect to that debt to be due and payable immediately. We cannot assure you that our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments, including the Notes, if accelerated upon an event of default. Further, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our secured debt, the holders of such debt could proceed against the Collateral securing that debt in accordance with the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In addition, any event of default or declaration of acceleration under one debt instrument could also result in an event of default under one or more of our other debt instruments.
The New Revolving Credit Facility and the Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a floating rate that could rise significantly, increasing our interest cost and debt and reducing our cash flow.
The New Revolving Credit Facility and the Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a floating rate of interest which could rise significantly in the future. Although we may enter into and maintain certain hedging arrangements designed to fix a portion of these rates, there can be no assurances that hedging will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms. Hedging itself carries certain risks, including that we may need to pay a significant amount (including costs) to terminate any hedging arrangements. To the extent interest rates were to rise significantly, our interest expense associated with the New Revolving Credit Facility and the Floating Rate Notes and the carrying cost of our indebtedness would correspondingly increase, thus reducing cash flow.
Creditors under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging liabilities are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale prior to the holders of the Notes.
The obligations under the Notes and the Note Guarantees are secured, subject to certain exceptions, on a contractual first-ranking basis with security interests over the Collateral that also secures our obligations under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations on a pari passu basis. The Indenture also permits the Collateral to be pledged to secure additional indebtedness, including on a contractual first-ranking basis in accordance with the terms thereof and the Intercreditor Agreement. The Security Agent will act on behalf of the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, certain hedge counterparties, the trustee for the Notes and holders of the Notes. See "-- The holders of the Notes may not control decisions regarding the Collateral."
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the liabilities under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations will have priority over the Notes with respect to the proceeds from the enforcement of the security granted over the Collateral. See `Description of Other Indebtedness-- IntercreditorAgreement" As a result, the claims of the holders of the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the rights of our existing and future secured creditors who have priority in respect of proceeds from enforcement of the liens over assets that constitute Collateral to the extent of the value of such assets. In the event we are subject to any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization, administration or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility, certain hedge counterparties and the holders of any other such super-priority debt will receive payment in respect of their obligations prior to any payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, holders of Notes may receive less than holders of such super-priority secured indebtedness, or may not recover amounts at all.
