The obligations under the Notes and the Note Guarantees are secured, subject to certain exceptions, on a contractual first-ranking basis with security interests over the Collateral that also secures our obligations under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations on a pari passu basis. The Indenture also permits the Collateral to be pledged to secure additional indebtedness, including on a contractual first-ranking basis in accordance with the terms thereof and the Intercreditor Agreement. The Security Agent will act on behalf of the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, certain hedge counterparties, the trustee for the Notes and holders of the Notes. See "-- The holders of the Notes may not control decisions regarding the Collateral."
We will be permitted to borrow additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the terms of the Indenture and the New Revolving Credit Facility, and we may secure such indebtedness, including in certain cases, on
61
a super priority basis. Our ability to incur additional debt in the future secured on the Collateral may have the effect of diluting the ratio of the value of such Collateral to the aggregate amount of the obligations secured by the Collateral.
The claims ofthe holders ofthe Notes will be effectively subordinated to the rights ofour existing andfuture secured creditors to the extent of the value of the assets securing such creditors which do not also secure the Notes.
The claims of any secured creditors which are secured by assets that do not also secure the Notes will have priority with respect to such assets over the claims of holders of the Notes. As such, the claims of the holders of the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the rights of such secured creditors to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness.
You may be unable to recover in civil proceedings for U.S. securities laws violations.
The Issuer, the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries are organized outside of the United States. It is anticipated that all of the directors and executive officers of the Issuer and the Guarantors will be non-residents of the United States and that the majority of their assets will be located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer, the Guarantors or their respective directors and executive officers, or to enforce any judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. Additionally, there is doubt as to the enforceability in many foreign jurisdictions of civil liabilities based on the civil liability provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the United States against the Issuer, the Guarantors, the directors, controlling persons and management and any experts named in this offering memorandum who are not residents of the United States. See "Service of Process and Enforcement of civil liabilities."
The Issuer is primarily a holding company that conducts substantially all of its operations through its subsidiaries and will depend on receivingpayments or distributionsfrom its subsidiaries to meet its obligations under the Notes.
