The Issuer, the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries are organized outside of the United States. It is anticipated that all of the directors and executive officers of the Issuer and the Guarantors will be non-residents of the United States and that the majority of their assets will be located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer, the Guarantors or their respective directors and executive officers, or to enforce any judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. Additionally, there is doubt as to the enforceability in many foreign jurisdictions of civil liabilities based on the civil liability provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the United States against the Issuer, the Guarantors, the directors, controlling persons and management and any experts named in this offering memorandum who are not residents of the United States. See "Service of Process and Enforcement of civil liabilities."
The Issuer is primarily a holding company that conducts substantially all of its operations through its direct and indirect subsidiaries. Consequently, it will be dependent upon payments from its subsidiaries to meet its obligations, including under the Notes. In addition, because certain of the Guarantors are also holding companies, the ability of these Guarantors to make payments on their guarantees will be dependent on the same factors.
The ability of the Issuer's subsidiaries to make payments to it to fund payments on the Notes will depend upon their cash flows and earnings which, in turn, will be affected by all of the factors discussed in these "Risk Factors' and elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
The payment of dividends and the making, or repayment, of loans and advances to the Issuer by the Issuer's direct subsidiaries and such payments by its indirect subsidiaries to their respective parent entities are subject to various restrictions. Existing and future indebtedness of certain of these subsidiaries may prohibit the payment of dividends or the making, or repayment, of loans or advances to the Issuer or its parent entities. In addition, the ability of any of the Issuer's direct or indirect subsidiaries to make certain distributions may be limited by the laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which the subsidiaries are organized or located, including financial assistance rules, corporate benefit laws, liquidity requirements, requirements that dividends must be paid out of reserves available for distribution and other legal restrictions which, if violated, might require the recipient to refund unlawful payments.
Although the Indenture will limit the ability of the Issuer's subsidiaries to enter into future consensual restrictions on their ability to pay dividends and make other payments to the Issuer, there are significant qualifications and exceptions to these limitations. We cannot assure you that arrangements with the Issuer's subsidiaries and the funding permitted by the agreements governing existing and future indebtedness of the Issuer's subsidiaries will provide the Issuer with sufficient dividends, distributions or loans to fund payments on the Notes when due. See "Description of Other Indebtedness" and "Description of the Notes."
If our operating subsidiaries do not distribute sufficient cash to the Issuer to make scheduled payments on the Notes, we do not expect the Issuer to have any other source of funds that would allow it to make payments to the holders of the Notes.
62
The Notes will be structurally subordinated to present andfuture liabilities of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries.
Not all of our subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes. Generally, claims of creditors of a non-Guarantor subsidiary, including trade creditors and claims of preference shareholders (if any) of the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent entity, including claims by holders of the Notes under the applicable Note Guarantee. In the event of any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, administration, reorganization or other insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding of any of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries, holders of their indebtedness and their trade creditors will generally be entitled to payment of their claims from the assets of those subsidiaries before any assets are made available for distribution to its parent entity. Consequently, the Notes and the Note Guarantees will each be structurally subordinated to the creditors (including trade creditors) and preference shareholders (if any) of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries. Further, the enforceability and scope of Note Guarantees granted by our Guarantor subsidiaries may be limited due to statutory restrictions (relating to, for example, corporate benefit and prohibited financial assistance) applying in the jurisdiction of the relevant Guarantor and to the extent of such limitations, the Notes and the Note Guarantees may each be structurally subordinated to the creditors (including trade creditors) and preference shareholders (if any) of our Guarantor subsidiaries or, in certain jurisdictions, rendered invalid and unenforceable. Although our non-Guarantor subsidiaries currently represent only a portion of our revenues and EBITDA, the covenants in the Indenture and New Revolving Credit Facility permit us to incur additional indebtedness at subsidiaries which do not guarantee the Notes and in the future the revenues and EBITDA of such entities could increase, possibly substantially.
