The Issuer and the Guarantors have control over the Collateral securing the Notes and the sale ofparticular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Notes.
The Security Documents further provide for the perfection of security taken over certain Collateral in Sweden and Finland only upon the occurrence of certain specified enforcement events. In certain jurisdictions (including Finland, Sweden, Poland and Lithuania) a valid and enforceable security interest will not be deemed to have been effectively created until it is duly perfected and perfection will not be possible (or normally not be possible in Sweden) to achieve once insolvency proceedings have been commenced. Security may also be susceptible to recovery if granted or perfected within a certain critical time before the commencement of, for example, insolvency proceedings. Further, the enforceability and scope of security created under Security Documents may be limited due to statutory restrictions (relating to, among other things, corporate benefit and prohibited financial assistance) applying in the jurisdiction of the relevant security provider. All of the above could reduce the value of the Collateral and consequently the amounts payable to you from proceeds of any sale of Collateral in the case of enforcement. See ``Certain Insolvency Law and Local Law Limitations.''
No appraisals ofany ofthe Collateral have beenprepared by us or on our behalfin connection with the issuance of the Notes. The Notes will be secured only to the extent ofthe value ofthe Collateral that has been granted as security for the Notes and the Note Guarantees,and the value ofthe Collateral securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations thereunder and such Collateral may be reduced or diluted under certain circumstances.
The Notes and the Note Guarantees will be secured by security interests in the Collateral as described in this offering memorandum, which Collateral also secures the obligations under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations. The Collateral may also secure additional indebtedness to the extent permitted by the terms of the Indenture, the New Revolving Credit Facility and the Intercreditor Agreement. Your rights to the Collateral may be diluted by any increase in the indebtedness secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Notes. To the extent that other first-ranking security interests, pre-existing liens, liens permitted under the Indenture and other rights encumber the Collateral securing the Notes, those parties may have or may exercise rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral that could adversely affect the value of the security and the ability of the Security Agent (in each case in accordance with the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement) to realize or foreclose on the security. In addition, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the liabilities under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations will have priority over the Notes with respect to the
64
proceeds from the enforcement of the security granted over the Collateral. As a result, holders of Notes may receive less than holders of such super-priority secured indebtedness, or may not recover amounts at all. See ``--Creditors under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging liabilities are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale prior to the holders of the N otes'
No appraisal of the fair market value of the Collateral has been made in connection with this Offering. The book value of the Collateral should not be relied on as a measure of realizable value for such assets. The value of the Collateral could be impaired in the future as a result of changing economic and market conditions, our failure to successfully implement our business strategy, competition and other factors. The Collateral may include intangible or other illiquid assets that by their nature may not have a readily ascertainable market value, whose value to other parties may be less than its value to us, or may not be readily saleable or, if saleable, there may be substantial delays in their liquidation. In addition, the value of the Collateral may decrease because of obsolescence, impairment or certain casualty events.
In the event of a liquidation, insolvency, foreclosure, bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding, the value of the Collateral and the amount that may be received upon a sale of Collateral will depend upon many factors including, among other things, the condition of the Collateral and our industry, the ability to sell the Collateral in an orderly sale, market and economic conditions, whether the business is sold as a going concern, the availability of buyers and other factors. In addition, courts could limit recoverability with respect to the Collateral if they deem a portion of the interest claim usurious in violation of applicable public policy. As a result, liquidating the Collateral may not produce proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due on the Notes. We cannot assure you of the value of the Collateral or that the net proceeds received upon a liquidation, foreclosure, bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding would be sufficient to repay all amounts due on the Notes.
If the proceeds of Collateral were not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the Notes, then holders of the Notes (to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the Collateral) would only have an unsecured claim against our remaining assets.
