Enforcingyour rights as a holder ofthe Notes or under the Note Guarantees or security across multiplejurisdictions may prove difficult or provide less protection than U.S. bankruptcy law.
In addition, in the event that one or more of the Issuer, the Guarantors and any future guarantor, if any, or any other of our subsidiaries experiences financial difficulty, the bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative and other laws of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' jurisdictions of organization and location of assets may be materially different from, or in conflict with, each other and those of the United States, including in the areas of rights of creditors, contractual subordination, priority of governmental and other creditors, ability to obtain post-petition interest and duration of the proceedings. The application of these laws, or any conflict among them, could call into question whether the law of any particular jurisdiction should apply, and may adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights under the Notes, the Note Guarantees and the Collateral in those jurisdictions or limit any amounts that you may receive. See "Service of Process and Enforcement o f Civil Liabilities'' with respect to certain of the jurisdictions mentioned above.
Moreover, in certain jurisdictions, the security interests in the Collateral will not give the Security Agent a right to prevent other creditors from foreclosing on and realizing the Collateral, but will only give the Security Agent priority (according to their rank) in the distribution of any proceeds of such realization. Accordingly, the Security Agent and the holders of the Notes may not be able to avoid foreclosure by other creditors (including unsecured creditors) on the Collateral.
Each Note Guarantee will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable laws or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability.
Each Note Guarantee provides the holders of the Notes with a direct claim against the relevant Guarantor. However, the Indenture will provide that each Note Guarantee will be limited to the maximum amount that may be guaranteed by the relevant Guarantor without, among other things, rendering the relevant Note Guarantee, as it relates to that Guarantor, voidable or otherwise ineffective or limited under applicable law or resulting in the Guarantor's bankruptcy or causing the officers of the Guarantor to incur personal civil or criminal liability, and enforcement of each such Note Guarantee would be subject to certain generally available defenses. See ``Certain Insolvency Law and Local Law Limitations'
Enforcement of any of the Note Guarantees against any Guarantor, or of the security interests in respect thereof, will be subject to certain defenses available to Guarantors in the relevant jurisdiction. Although laws differ among these jurisdictions, these laws and defenses generally include those that relate to corporate purpose or benefit, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, insolvency or bankruptcy challenges, financial assistance, preservation of share capital, thin capitalization, capital maintenance or similar laws, regulations or defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally.
If one or more of these laws and defenses are applicable, a Guarantor may have no liability or decreased liability under its Note Guarantee depending on the amounts of its other obligations and applicable law. Limitations on the enforceability of judgments obtained in New York courts in such jurisdictions could limit the enforceability of any Note Guarantee against any Guarantor.
Although laws differ among various jurisdictions, in general, under bankruptcy or insolvency law and other laws, a court could (i) avoid or invalidate all or a portion of a Guarantor's obligations under its Note Guarantee or the security interests in respect thereof, (ii) direct that the holders of the Notes return any
68
