The granting of new security interests in connection with the issuance of the Notes and the entry into the New Revolving Credit Facility may create hardening periods for such security interests in certain jurisdictions. The applicable hardening period will run as from the moment each new security interest has been granted, perfected or recreated.
In addition, the granting of a shared security interest to secure future debt may require the releasing and retaking of security or otherwise restart or reopen hardening periods in certain jurisdictions, as the Indenture will permit the release and retaking of security granted in favor of the Notes in certain circumstances, including in connection with the incurrence of future debt. The applicable hardening period for these new security interests will run from the moment each new security interest has been granted or perfected. If the security interest granted were to be enforced before the end of the respective hardening period applicable in such jurisdiction, the security interest may be declared void or ineffective and it may not be possible to enforce it.
If the grantor of such security interest were to become subject to a bankruptcy or winding up proceeding after the Issue Date, any security interest in Collateral delivered after the Issue Date would face a greater risk than security interests in place on the Issue Date of being avoided by the grantor or by its trustee, receiver, liquidator, administrator or similar authority, or otherwise set aside by a court, as a preference under insolvency law. To the extent that the grant of any security interest is voided, holders of the Notes would lose the benefit of the security interest. The same rights and risks also will apply with respect to future security interests granted in connection with the accession of further subsidiaries as additional Guarantors and the granting of security interests over their relevant assets and equity interests for the benefit of holders of the Notes. See `Description of the Notes--Security"
Rights in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the Collateral.
Applicable law may require that a security interest in certain assets can only be properly perfected and its priority retained through certain actions undertaken by the secured party or the grantor of the Collateral. The liens on the Collateral may not be perfected with respect to the Notes and the Note Guarantees, as the case may be, if the Security Agent is not able to or does not take the actions necessary to perfect or maintain the perfection of any such liens. Certain of these perfection steps may not be taken until after the Issue Date, or until the occurrence of certain events, as permitted by the Security Documents, the Indenture and the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement. For example, in Poland, mortgages and pledges require registration, and such registration normally takes up to one month. However, such registration may take three months or longer depending on court procedures, in particular if the court requests additional documents and information. In Finland, business mortgages and intellectual property pledges require registration, and such registration normally takes up to three weeks. However, such registration may take up to one and a half months, depending on how quickly the relevant registrar acts to complete the registration process. Such failure may result in the invalidity of the relevant security interest in the Collateral securing the Notes, as applicable, or adversely affect the priority of such security interest in favor of third parties, including a trustee in bankruptcy and other creditors who claim a security interest in the same Collateral. In addition, applicable law may require that certain property and rights acquired after the grant of a general security interest can only be perfected at the time such property and rights are acquired and identified. For example, establishment of a mortgage over newly acquired real property in Poland will require the issue by the security provider of a notarial mortgage deed and registration in the relevant land and mortgage register. There can be no assurance that the Security Agent will monitor, or that we will inform the Security Agent of, the future acquisition of property and rights that constitute Collateral, and that the necessary action will be taken to properly perfect the security interest in such after acquired collateral. The Security Agent has no obligation to monitor the acquisition of additional property or rights that constitute Collateral or the perfection of any security interest therein. Such failure may result in the loss of the security interest in the Collateral or adversely affect the priority of the security interest in favor of the relevant Notes and the Note Guarantees against third parties, including a trustee in bankruptcy and other creditors who may claim a secured interest in the Collateral. Additionally, the security interests over a number of the Collateral assets in Sweden and Finland have been granted over assets to be acquired (such as future receivables) or with delayed perfection and will only be perfected upon the occurrence of an enforcement event (See "Certain Insolvency Law and Local Law Limitations-- Sweden-- Creation of Valid Security Interests" and "--Finland-- Creation of Valid Security Interests").
Additionally, the Indenture and the Security Documents entered into in connection with the Notes will require us to take a number of actions that might improve the perfection or priority of the liens of the Security Agent in the Collateral. Certain of these perfection steps may not be taken until after the Issue Date, as permitted by the Security Documents. To the extent that the security interests created by the Security Documents with respect to any Collateral are not perfected, the Security Agent's rights will be equal to the rights of general unsecured creditors in the event of a liquidation, foreclosure, bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding.
70
There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge of the Notes under which the Collateral securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees will be released automatically and under which the Note Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent of the Trustee.
Under various circumstances, Collateral securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees will be released automatically (subject to compliance with certain requirements for the consent of the Security Agent, in the case of Collateral governed by Swedish law), including:
