Interests in the global notes will trade in book-entry form only, and the Notes in definitive registered form, or Definitive Registered Notes, will be issued in exchange for Book-Entry Interests only in very limited circumstances. Owners of Book-Entry Interests will not be considered owners of the Notes. The common depositary, or its nominee, for Euroclear and Clearstream will be the sole registered holder of the global notes representing the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and other amounts owing on or in respect of the global notes representing the Notes will be made to The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying agent, which will make payments to Euroclear and Clearstream. Thereafter, these payments will be credited to participants' accounts that hold Book-Entry Interests in the global notes representing the Notes and credited by such participants to indirect participants. After payment to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, we will have no responsibility or liability for the payment of interest, principal or other amounts to the owners of Book-Entry Interests. Accordingly, if you own a Book-Entry Interest, you must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, and if you are not a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, on the procedures of the participant through which you own your interest, to exercise any rights and obligations of a holder of the Notes under the Indenture.
Similarly, upon the occurrence of an event of default under the relevant Indenture, unless and until Definitive Registered Notes are issued in respect of all Book-Entry Interests, if you own a Book-Entry Interest, you will be restricted to acting through Euroclear and Clearstream. The procedures to be implemented through Euroclear and Clearstream may not be adequate to ensure the timely exercise of rights under the Notes. See ``Book-Entry, Delivery and Form."
The transfer of the Notes is restricted, which may affect the value of the Notes.
The Notes are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws of the United States. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Therefore, you may not transfer or sell the Notes in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or pursuant to an effective registration statement, and you may be required to bear the risk of your investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. The Notes and the Indenture contain provisions that restrict the Notes from being offered, sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to the exemptions available pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act, or other exemptions under the Securities Act. In addition, by acceptance of delivery of any Notes, the holder thereof agrees on its own behalf and on behalf of any investor accounts for which it has purchased the Notes that it shall not transfer the Notes in an aggregate principal amount of less than 100,000. Furthermore, we have not registered the Notes under any other country's securities laws and do not have any intention to do so. It is your obligation to ensure that your offers and sales of the Notes within the United States and other countries comply with applicable securities laws. See ``Transfer Restrictions."
73
The Notes may not become, or remain, listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange.
Although an application will be made for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange within a reasonable period after the Issue Date, the Issuer cannot assure you that the Notes will become, or will remain, listed. If the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange and the Issuer can no longer maintain such listing, or if it becomes unduly burdensome to make or maintain such listing, the Issuer may cease to make or maintain such listing on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange;provided, however, that it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain the listing of the Notes on another "recognised stock exchange,'' although there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so.
In addition, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing the Notes on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange or another recognized stock exchange in accordance with the Indenture, failure to obtain approval for the listing or the delisting of the Notes from the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange or another recognized stock exchange, as applicable, may have a material adverse effect on your ability to resell Notes in the secondary market.
The interests of our controlling shareholders may differ from the interests of the holders of the Notes.
