This offering memorandum is directed only at persons (the "Relevant Persons") who (i) fall within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, (ii) fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated.
Finland
This offering memorandum does not constitute a public offer or an advertisement of securities to the public in the Republic of Finland. The Notes will not and may not be offered, sold, advertised or otherwise marketed in Finland under circumstances that would constitute a public offering of securities under Finnish law. Any offer or sale of the Securities in Finland will be made pursuant to a private placement exemption as defined under Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (2012/746, Arvopaperimarkkinalaki) and any regulation made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. This offering memorandum is not a prospectus and has not been prepared in accordance with the prospectus requirements under the Prospectus Directive or the Finnish Securities Market Act or any other Finnish regulation. This offering memorandum has not been approved by or dispatched to the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.
Sweden
This offering memorandum is not a prospectus and has not been prepared in accordance with the prospectus requirements provided for in the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (lagen (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) nor any other Swedish enactment. Neither the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) nor any other Swedish public body has examined, approved or registered this offering memorandum or will examine, approve or register this offering memorandum. Accordingly, this offering memorandum may not be made available, nor may the Notes otherwise be marketed or offered for sale, in Sweden other than in circumstances that constitute an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act.
Poland
The Notes may not be offered or sold in or into Poland except under circumstances that do not constitute a public offering of securities under the Polish Law on Public Offer, Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to Public Trading and Public Companies of July 29, 2005 (as amended). This offering memorandum is not a prospectus and it has not been and will not be approved by the Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego, the Polish Financial Supervision Authority. Therefore, any offer or sale of the Notes in Poland can only be made pursuant to the exemptions as defined under Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive and the Polish Law on Public Offer, Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to Public Trading and Public Companies of July 29, 2005 and any regulation made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. This offering memorandum is intended for ``qualified investors'' (Polish: klient profesjonalny), as defined in the Polish Law on Trading in Financial Instruments of July 29, 2005 (as amended) and a limited number (less than 150) of unqualified identified investors in Poland.
Lithuania
This offering memorandum does not constitute a public offer or an advertisement of securities to the public in the Republic of Lithuania. The Notes will not and may not be offered, sold, advertised or
