79
The discussion and analysis below provides information that we believe is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our historical consolidated financial condition and results of operations. You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the sections entitled "Presentation of Financial and Other Information," "Summary-- Summary Financial, Operating and Other Information," "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information," "Use of Proceeds," "Capitalization" and "Business," as well as our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Thefollowing discussion and analysis of ourfinancial condition and results of operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 has been derived from, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the audited consolidated financial statements o f Paroc Group Oy as o f and for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, which have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS").
The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations presented below includes certain non-IFRS measures that we use to evaluate our operating and financial performance. These non-IFRS measures are not recognized as measurements of our performance or liquidity under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to operating profit or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles or as alternatives to cash flows from operating, investing orfinancing activities. See "Presentation of Financial and Other Information--Non-IFRS Measures."
The following discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements, which, although based upon assumptions that we consider to be reasonable, are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors."
Overview
We are a producer of premium stone wool insulation, and we believe that we are a market leader in Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States by market share, which according to our estimates has remained stable overall over the past three years. Our other important markets include Norway, Denmark, Poland, Germany and the United Kingdom. Our stone wool products are used for both building insulation and technical insulation, and are known for their high product quality and superior fire resistance, as evidenced by regular customer and market surveys. We have significantly broadened our geographic sales reach since 2009 through the expansion and leveraging of our strategically located manufacturing network, allowing for an increasing sales presence into western Europe and Russia, which we view to be potential growth markets. As of March 31, 2014, we operated nine production plants in five different countries with 13 Base production lines, 18 Technical Insulation production lines and one Panel System production line. As of the same date, we had sales and representative offices in 14 European countries and sales to over 40 countries. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we generated total sales of 433.1 million (with Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States accounting for 20.2%, 25.1% and 8.6% of our total sales, respectively) and Adjusted EBITDA of 82.8 million.
Our business is organized in four divisions:
· Building Insulation ("BI"). Our Building Insulation division markets and distributes a range of insulation productions and solutions for residential and commercial buildings in both new-build and renovation construction markets. Products in the BI division range from general building insulation to more specialized acoustic or fire protection insulation products. General building insulation is the largest business segment within BI. The majority of the BI division's stone wool products are manufactured by our Base Production division, with the exception of some more specialized acoustics and roofing products, which are produced by our Technical Insulation division. The BI division does not have its own production lines or manufacturing capacity. The BI division also sells panel wool internally to our Panel System division and sells insulation for pre-fabricated panels to third parties across Europe. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Building Insulation division generated sales of 256.7 million (with external sales of 242.0 million, or 55.9% of our total sales).
