Set forth below is a description of certain key factors that have historically affected our results of operations and which may continue to impact our business in the future.
Similar to other building materials, demand for stone wool insulation in any geographic market is impacted by the level of construction activity within that geographic market. A substantial majority of our sales across the Group are driven by construction, meaning our results of operations depend to a large extent on the level of new build and renovation activity in both the residential, commercial and industrial construction sectors of the markets in which we operate. The construction industry is cyclical in nature and depends on the level of construction-related spending and investment in the residential, commercial and industrial sectors. The construction industry is particularly sensitive to factors such as economic growth, interest rates, cost and availability of financing for residential, commercial and industrial construction projects, inflation and other macroeconomic factors, although the new build construction market is subject to these cyclical effects to a much greater degree than the repair, maintenance and improvement ("RMT") construction market, which is less cyclical in nature. Our results of operations have been significantly affected by changes in the economic conditions of the markets in which we manufacture, market and sell our products. As a result of the global financial and economic crisis which began towards the end of 2007 and the subsequent sovereign debt and Eurozone crisis, we experienced a significant drop in revenue and EBITDA in 2009 for the entire Group as the availability of credit became very limited and the number of construction projects (especially in the new build residential sector) declined dramatically across Europe, particularly in Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States. Of our various operating divisions, Building Insulation ("BI") is generally most sensitive to cyclicality in the construction industry and was affected most severely by the recent economic turmoil, given that it has greater exposure to the new build residential construction market and a higher proportion of sales in the Baltic States (which are typically more volatile than the Nordic countries) than our other divisions. In comparison, our Technical Insulation ("TI") division displayed a greater resilience during the recent economic downturn and over time has generally exhibited more stability in terms of gross profit margin than our BI division. This is primarily due to the fact that we sell our TI products to a more diversified set of end markets across Europe, which are driven by residential, commercial and industrial construction activities, as well as industrial production. As a result, we are exposed to the different business cycles presented by those markets. For example, although our TI division relies to some extent on the residential and commercial construction sectors (primarily for
81
the sale of heating, ventilation and air conditioning ("HVAC") products), we also supply our various TI products to the oil and gas, petrochemical, power generation, pulp and paper, marine and offshore and original equipment manufacturer industries. Therefore, through the growth of our TI division since 2008, we believe we have benefited from a significantly greater degree of diversification in our business model and a greater level of stability with respect to our financial profile.
Regulatory initiatives and increased demand for energy efficiency
Our results of operations have been impacted by increased demand for energy efficiency in buildings as governments across Europe implement regulatory initiatives designed to reduce energy consumption. According to EU data, buildings account for approximately 40% of total energy consumption in the European Union, and heating accounts for the vast majority of this consumption. In recent years there has been an increased political focus throughout the European Union on climate change, which, in combination with rising energy costs, has resulted in the implementation of tighter regulations concerning energy efficiency both at the EU and the individual country level. Current EU directives, which impose energy efficiency requirements on new buildings, as well as renovated buildings, have set a target for a 20% reduction in energy consumption by 2020. Since this target is unlikely to be met under the measures currently in place, new energy efficiency goals for 2030 (which are likely to be in excess of the present 20% reduction target) are currently under review by the European Commission. At a national level, individual countries have put in place their own specific requirements from time to time over the last 10-15 years. Given that insulation can dramatically reduce heat loss and energy consumption in buildings and also has the added benefit of being the most cost-effective of all the available technologies to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, the implementation of more stringent energy efficiency requirements has affected demand for our products in our various geographic markets. However, the effect of tighter regulation in recent years has been most noticeable in the Baltic States, Poland and Russia. This is due to the fact that the Nordic countries have traditionally always had a more comprehensive set of energy efficiency measures in place, meaning there is less scope for broad-sweeping regulatory changes in those markets that are likely to significantly intensify demand for insulation in general, as compared to the Baltic States, Poland and Russia. In addition, the tightening of certain specific regulations (for example, the recent implementation in Finland and Sweden of new regulations requiring greater thicknesses for technical insulation) has fuelled demand for the higher margin, more specialized products offered by our TI division. Furthermore, an increased level of concern with respect to fire safety has also resulted in certain improvements being made to fire safety regulations in many of our markets (particularly in central Europe) in recent years, which has in turn also impacted our results of operations by increasing demand for our stone wool products, which are known for their superior fire resistance qualities as opposed to other insulation materials, particularly foam insulation.
Raw materials and energy cost
The main raw materials used in the manufacturing processes for our various stone wool products are stone, coke, binder, steel, coatings and adhesives, which accounted for 18%, 27%, 22%, 14%, 12% and 4%, respectively, of our raw materials cost for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our manufacturing processes also require large quantities of electricity, particularly at our two manufacturing facilities which operate electric furnaces. Collectively, raw materials, packaging materials and energy cost amounted to 136.4 million, 139.0 million and 133.9 million (or 44.1%, 43.6% and 43.0% of our total cost of sales) in the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. The prices for our raw materials and energy requirements have fluctuated significantly in the past for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control, and consequently our results of operations have been affected by such fluctuations.
During the year ended December 31, 2013, we sourced approximately 70% of our total stone requirements for the year from third parties. Although the underlying prices for stone have been relatively stable over the past five years, we have experienced volatility in connection with related inbound transport logistic costs, which are sensitive to the distance of delivery and oil price movements. We have also experienced significant volatility with respect to coke prices in recent years. Coke prices spiked in 2011 with an increase in price of approximately 28% over the previous year, but over the course of 2012 and 2013 prices have declined significantly. The falling price of coke over the last two years has been partially offset by an increase in the price of binder. Binder pricing fluctuates from year to year and is impacted mainly by movements in the market price for certain constituent chemicals (namely phenol, urea and methanol), as well as any material changes in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate. The average price for binder has increased in each of the last three years. Together, coke and binder represented approximately 50% of our
