Seasonality and weather conditions
83
the spring with the majority of outdoor construction work occurring during the summer months. By the time autumn arrives, construction work generally moves inside to focus on general interior insulation, sound and acoustic insulation, heating systems, air conditioning and fire proofing. As a result, sales across the entire Group are generally weighted more towards the second half of each year, with sales increasing throughout the autumn months and tending to peak in September and October. Construction activities then decline dramatically during the winter, when weather conditions in our core markets are at their most severe, which means we experience a corresponding decline in sales over that time. The lower level of demand for our products which we experience during periods of cold weather may be further aggravated by particularly harsh weather conditions, such as those experienced in the winter of 2012/2013. Inclement weather conditions can also adversely affect our results of operations if they occur with unusual intensity, during abnormal periods, or last longer than usual in our core markets, especially during peak construction periods. Furthermore, public holidays and vacation periods constitute an additional factor that may exacerbate certain seasonality effects, as construction projects or industrial production processes may temporarily cease. In general, we experience a significant drop in sales in July each year due to the traditional Northern European holiday season. As a result of these seasonal effects, the results of any given single fiscal quarter might not be a reliable basis for the expectations of a full fiscal year and may not be comparable with the results in the other fiscal quarters in the same year or previous years.
Competition and pricing
A primary factor affecting our profitability, in addition to the structure of our cost base, the absolute level of cost and our ability to manage our operating costs, is the price that we are able to charge to our customers for our products. Due to the strength of our brand, which is underpinned by the superior quality of our portfolio of premium, high-specification stone wool products and our ability to provide innovative, customer-specific solutions through our full-service sales and technical support offering, we believe that we have been able to achieve premium prices for our products in the past. Our ability to increase prices from time to time may be limited by the level of competition to which we are subject in the relevant market. We generally experience more intense price pressure in those markets where we have a relatively small market share or in which we have a greater number of competitors, as compared to those markets where we have a significant market share or in which we have a limited number of competitors. Our competitors' pricing policies may be influenced by, among other things, general economic conditions and more specifically conditions within the construction industry, the number of competitors and their production capacities, our competitors' cost base and general business strategy. A period of reduced demand for stone wool insulation (either as a result of a downturn in the construction industry, adverse weather conditions or otherwise) may result in at least temporary excess capacity and increased competition from our competitors as they lower prices and seek to gain market share. There can be no assurance that any price increases on our part will be accepted by our customers in the future, or that we will be able to pass on further increases in the cost of raw materials, energy and other input factors in a sustainable manner, or at all, or that we will be able to maintain premium prices for our products. To the extent that we do implement price increases, our sales volumes and market share may be adversely affected, at least temporarily, if our competitors do not also increase their prices, or only do so after a delay. See also ``Business--Competition. ''
Cost structure and cost saving initiatives
For the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 83% of our cost of sales was variable, comprising, among other things, raw materials cost, energy cost, direct production wages and distribution cost, which generally move in line with changes in volume. Accordingly, the cost base within our business is relatively flexible, meaning that our results of operations are impacted from year to year as a result of variations within our cost structure. For example, our manufacturing processes allow for flexible shift systems and capacity adjustments to meet increased or decreased levels of demand for our products. As a result, during periods of peak demand for our products, we are generally able to increase the number of factory shifts per day in order to meet the additional demand. Furthermore, we have implemented initiatives from time to time to make improvements with respect to productivity, efficiency and selling, general and administrative expenses, which have impacted our results of operations and helped to improve our historical profitability. Overall, through the implementation of such initiatives, we achieved direct cost savings of 2.5 million, 0.5 million and 4.4 million in the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. On top of these productivity savings, we have executed a maintenance saving program that has successfully reduced costs by 2.8 million over the course of the last three financial years through the centralization of certain maintenance and repair processes. We have also realized savings from projects designed to increase the
84
efficiency of our organizational structure. For example, by establishing a centralized financial service center in Vilnius, Lithuania and implementing other internal transformational measures with respect to certain business functions, we estimate that we have reduced our direct office and finance costs in the amount of 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Going forward, we intend to continue to make investments to maintain and improve our production facilities and processes to ensure high productivity and reduce operational costs. See ``--Liquidity and Capital Resources-- Capital expenditures."
