instruments; and · other factors discussed under "Risk Factors " These risks and others described under "Risk Factors" are not exhaustive. We urge you to read the sections of this offering memorandum entitled "Risk F a c to r s "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of O p era tio n s"Industry" and "Business" for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect our future performance and the markets in which we operate. The forward looking statements herein speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. We undertake no obligation, and do not intend, to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise.
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA We operate in certain segments of the building materials sector for which it is difficult to obtain precise industry and market information. Market data and certain economic and industry data and forecasts used, and statements regarding our position in the industry made, in this offering memorandum were estimated or derived based upon assumptions we deem reasonable, from internal estimates and surveys, market research, government and other publicly available information, reports prepared by consultants and independent industry publications. These include information published by Euroconstruct as well as research performed exclusively for our Group. The information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as we are aware and have been able to ascertain from information published by those sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. While we believe these statements to be reliable, they have not been independently verified, and we do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information set forth in this offering memorandum. Additionally, industry publications and such reports generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed and in some instances state that they do not assume liability for such information.
STONE QUARRY RESOURCES Information contained in this offering memorandum relating to estimates of our available stone quarry resources is based on internal geological data, as well as third-party analyses of such data, which we have reviewed. You should be aware that any discussion of our stone quarry resources in this offering memorandum is based on estimates of stone resources as at the reference dates stated in ``Business-- Divisions--Base Production--Raw materials-- Stone and quarries," and such estimates have not been updated for any extraction since such reference dates. Our stone quarry resources and resources data are not calculated or reported pursuant to or in accordance with the Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee Code (the "JORC Code"), and may also differ from those generally disclosed in filings with the SEC in accordance with SEC Industry Guide 7. There are no requirements under Finnish law relating to the classification or quantification of stone quarry resources. Estimates of our stone quarry resources depend significantly on the interpretation of geological data obtained from drill holes and other sampling techniques, which is extrapolated to produce estimates of the size, shape, depth and quality of mineral deposits. In addition, the calculation of our available stone quarry resources is based on estimates and assumptions regarding a number of economic and technical factors, such as production rates, mineral quality, production and transportation costs and prices. These economic and technical estimates and assumptions may change in the future in ways that affect the quantity of our resources. We generate additional geological data as we quarry, which may not be consistent with the data on which our stone quarry resources estimates were based, resulting in changes to those estimates. No assurance can be given that the stone quarry resources presented in this offering memorandum will be recovered at the quality or yield presented. See "Risk factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- The stated stone resources included in this offering memorandum are estimates based on our, and a third party contractor's knowledge, experience and industry practice, and the volume and quality of our actual resources could be substantially lower than such estimates, and may also differ from those generally disclosed in filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with SEC Industry Guide 7. Our stated resources are not calculated or reported pursuant to or in accordance with the JORC Code."
ix
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Financial Information
This offering memorandum contains the audited consolidated financial statements of Paroc Group Oy, the Issuer of the Notes, which comprise the consolidated statements of income, the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, the consolidated statements of changes in equity and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, and the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2012 and 2013, together with the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS"), and audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, as set forth in their audit report included elsewhere herein. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared solely for inclusion in this offering memorandum in connection with the issuance of the Notes by the Issuer, and cannot be used for any other purpose. Due to the special purpose of these consolidated financial statements, no Board of Directors' report or standalone financial statements of Paroc Group Oy have been included herein. These consolidated financial statements are not the statutory financial statements of Paroc Group Oy.
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented herein has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto of Paroc Group Oy as of and for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 included elsewhere herein.
Historically, we have not been required under IFRS to present segment information in our audited consolidated financial statements. However, in connection with the Offering, we have adopted segment reporting going forward and therefore we have presented certain segment information herein for each of the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013.
