Cash and cash equivalents
Working capital
To finance our working capital requirements, from the Issue Date we will have available our New Revolving Credit Facility, pursuant to which we may draw up to 60 million for general corporate
of ou of th
97
purposes. We do not expect any amounts to be drawn under our New Revolving Credit Facility as of the Issue Date.
Our business has a relatively predictable working capital cycle and generally mirrors developments in our operating business, as well as underlying activity in the construction industry, over the course of each year. Accordingly, our working capital has a seasonal trend and certain seasonal patterns may cause material fluctuations in our working capital. In general, our working capital increases over the course of each year through the end of the third quarter. This upward trend is driven by an increase in inventories of finished goods and accounts receivable as trading increases in line with sales seasonality (whereby sales are weighted more towards the second half of each year). Working capital then generally decreases in the fourth quarter of each year as accounts receivable are collected, stocks of finished goods are lower and customer bonus accruals are typically at their highest level. Inventories of raw materials are generally higher in the first and fourth quarters of each year as deliveries become more limited during the winter months, whereas inventories of finished goods are typically built up over the course of the second and third quarters to cover the seasonal sales peak. In addition, each July we typically experience a decrease in our working capital balance as a result of the traditional Northern European holiday season. Lower levels of trading and decreased sales over this holiday period usually result in a decline in our accounts receivable and consequently a significant decrease in our working capital. See also ``--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations-- Seasonality and weather conditions. ''
We monitor working capital on a monthly basis and continually seek to optimize working capital. For example, as a result of the implementation of a project to decrease accounts receivable, we achieved a reduction in the number of debtor days (defined as the product of (x) average accounts receivable for the financial year divided by total net sales for the financial year multiplied by (y) 365 days) from 44 debtor days in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 41 debtor days in the year ended December 31, 2013. Furthermore, in 2013 we introduced an initiative designed to improve accounts payable turnover. As part of the initiative, payment terms with our smaller suppliers were renegotiated and any contracts having payment terms of less than 30 days are no longer accepted without the approval of senior management. As a result of this initiative, we achieved an increase in the number of creditor days (defined as the product of (x) average accounts payable for the financial year divided by total cost of goods sold for the financial year multiplied by (y) 365 days) from 43 creditor days in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 50 creditor days in the year ended December 31, 2013.
The following table sets forth the changes to our cash flow from operating activities as a result of working capital for the periods presented.
