See also "--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations-- Geographic expansion and capital expenditures. "
We currently have, and upon consummation of the Transactions we will continue to have, a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness with substantial debt service requirements. As of December 31, 2013, after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions as described in "Use of Proceeds," our total outstanding indebtedness (excluding finance leases and shareholder loans) would have been 430 million.
100
Upon consummation of the Transactions as described in "Use of Proceeds", our long-term indebtedness will consist primarily of the Notes and the New Revolving Credit Facility (which provides for certain maintenance covenants). For a description of the material terms of our long-term indebtedness, see ``Description of Other Indebtedness" and "Description of the Notes."
Initially, we will have 60 million available to be drawn under our New Revolving Credit Facility as of the Issue Date. In connection with the Transactions, our SEK 35 million Pensions L/C will be rolled into our New Revolving Credit Facility as a letter of credit issued under an ancillary facility thereunder on the Issue Date. Such ancillary facility utilisation by the Pensions L/C will thereby reduce amounts available for drawing under our 60 million New Revolving Credit Facility as of the Issue Date by the corresponding euro equivalent amount. See ``-- Contractual Obligations--Pension obligations."
We do not otherwise expect our New Revolving Credit Facility to be drawn as of the Issue Date.
We are highly leveraged and we may undertake further expansion and make additional investments in the future which may increase our level of indebtedness. Our ability to make scheduled payments of principal of, or to pay interest on, or to refinance, our indebtedness (including the Notes), or to fund planned capital expenditures and working capital, will depend on our future performance and our ability to generate cash, which, to a certain extent, will be subject to general economic, financial, competitive, market, legal, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control, including those factors discussed under "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Statements."
We believe that our cash flow from operating activities and borrowings under our New Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our working capital requirements, anticipated capital expenditures and debt service requirements as they become due. We cannot, however, assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities, that our currently anticipated sales development, cost savings and operating improvements will be realized, or that future borrowings will be available under our New Revolving Credit Facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and Our Structure-- We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and sustain our debt and sustain our operations. Our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors beyond our control."
Contractual Obligations
