24.5
(2) Interest rate derivatives primarily relate to interest hedging arrangements with respect to our Existing Senior Notes, which will be closed out in connection with the Transactions. We may decide to put hedging in place for our New Revolving Credit Facility, our Floating Rate Notes or any other variable rate debt obligations we may have outstanding from time to time in the future.
(3) Foreign exchange rate derivatives primarily relate to currency hedging arrangements with respect to our cash flow from operations.
(4) Purchase commitments primarily relate to commitments to purchase energy (including electricity and natural gas), raw materials (including coke, packaging materials and briquettes) and other components.
Pension obligations
In addition to the contractual obligations shown in the table above, we have significant pension obligations, of which 10.1 million were unfunded as of December 31, 2013.
We provide company-sponsored pension arrangements to our employees in Finland, Sweden, Norway, Lithuania, Germany and the United Kingdom. For the most part, these pension arrangements are either defined contribution plans, or are accounted for as defined contribution plans, or are defined benefit plans which are fully-insured and financed through the payment of regular premiums, which means we retain no financial risk in respect of past service benefits under those plans. However, in Sweden, we have defined benefit arrangements in place for certain "white-collar" employees, a portion of which are unfunded and not otherwise insured. To the extent that a plan is not fully funded or insured, we are required to recognize a liability for the relevant amount in our consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, a liability of 10.1 million has been included on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2013 in respect of our unfunded pension obligations, while our consolidated income statement for the year ended December 31, 2013 includes a charge to earnings in the amount of 0.4 million in respect of the cost of interest on the related liabilities.
Our defined benefit obligations are based on certain actuarial assumptions that can vary according to discount rates, life expectancies and rates of increase in compensation levels. If actual results, especially discount rates or life expectancies, were to differ from our assumptions, our pension obligations could be higher than expected and we could incur re-measurements (gains or losses). Changes in all assumptions or under-performance of plan assets could also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Future declines in the value of plan assets or lower-than-expected returns may require us to make additional current cash payments to pension plans or non-cash charges to other comprehensive income. However, our current defined benefit plans do not include plan assets as defined by IAS 19.
In connection with our unfunded pension obligations in Sweden, we are required to obtain credit insurance with PRI Pensionsgaranti, which provides insurance annually against the risk of our insolvency. Each year, PRI Pensionsgaranti sets its premiums based on, among other things, a measurement of the relevant pension liabilities, which is determined using methods and assumptions that differ from the IFRS (IAS 19) measurement. As of December 31, 2013, the cost of our premiums with PRI Pensionsgaranti amounted to 1.0% of the first SEK 35 million of the relevant pension liabilities plus 0.3% of the relevant pension liabilities in excess of SEK 35 million. PRI Pensionsgaranti can also require companies to provide additional security with respect to their pension arrangements and, in extreme circumstances, can require companies to insure the pension benefits with a third party. We estimate that the cost of doing this would be approximately SEK 95 million (or approximately 10.7 million). We currently have a letter of credit in place with ING Bank N.V, London Branch (the ``Pensions L/C") to cover the first SEK 35 million (or approximately 4.0 million) of any unpaid pension obligations, as well as a parent company guarantee to cover any liabilities over and above SEK 35 million. In connection with the Transactions, the Pensions L/C will be rolled into our New Revolving Credit Facility as a letter of credit issued under an ancillary facility
