Our defined benefit obligations are based on certain actuarial assumptions that can vary according to discount rates, life expectancies and rates of increase in compensation levels. If actual results, especially discount rates or life expectancies, were to differ from our assumptions, our pension obligations could be higher than expected and we could incur re-measurements (gains or losses). Changes in all assumptions or under-performance of plan assets could also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Future declines in the value of plan assets or lower-than-expected returns may require us to make additional current cash payments to pension plans or non-cash charges to other comprehensive income. However, our current defined benefit plans do not include plan assets as defined by IAS 19.
102
thereunder on or about the Issue Date. Such ancillary facility utilisation by the Pensions L/C will thereby reduce amounts available for drawing under our 60 million New Revolving Credit Facility as of the Issue Date by the corresponding euro equivalent amount.
Environmental obligations
Provisions for environmental obligations primarily relate to covering the cost of landscaping and any other work needed to return a quarry or dumpsite to a safe and environmentally acceptable condition once the quarry or dumpsite has been closed. As of December 31, 2013, we had provisions for environmental obligations in the amount of 7.3 million, primarily to cover demolishing costs and other costs associated with the planned closure of our Lappeenranta manufacturing facility. We expect to incur these demolishing costs by the end of 2018. See "Business--Divisions--Production facilities and intersegment sales-- Lappeenranta closure."
Contingent Liabilities
We have an open case with regard to transfer pricing practices at Paroc Oy Ab for the period 2006 through 2008. The Finnish tax authorities have made a tax reassessment concerning that period, and based on tax decisions rendered by the Finnish tax authorities in 2012 and 2013, Paroc Oy Ab would be required to pay 22.3 million in taxes, penalties and interest. The amount includes 14.1 million of taxes, 2.3 million of surtax and 5.9 million of accrued corporate interest and penalty interest (through December 31, 2013). Our view with respect to the transfer pricing of the Group's intra-group supply of raw materials, license fees and distributor services differs from that of the Finnish tax authorities, and in February 2013 we filed an appeal against the tax reassessment with the Board of Appeals. We have been granted an interdiction of payment related to the reassessed tax payments. This interdiction of payment is in force until the earlier of such time as the Board of Appeals renders a decision on the matter or January 31, 2015. If the appeal is lost, we will be obligated to pay the taxes, penalties and interest, absent any successful subsequent appeal by us. We have not made a provision in our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014, since management believes, supported by external legal advice that all transfer pricing guidelines have been followed and the same method has been followed from 2009 to 2013. If we lose the appeal and any subsequent appeals, we may be required to pay additional taxes, penalties and interest for the period from 2009 to 2013. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- We are subject to risks from legal proceedings."
In addition to the appeal to the Board of Appeals, we have also made protective applications for a Mutual Agreement Procedure ("MAP"). A MAP provides for a corresponding adjustment to be agreed in another jurisdiction when a transfer pricing adjustment is applied, so that it is not a one-sided adjustment (i.e., additional income in Finland would have resulted in reduced profits in the corresponding Group entity, based in another territory). A MAP does not cover surtaxes and interest. Due to, for example, differences in tax rates and tax positions of the relevant affiliated entities, part of the additional taxes payable in Finland cannot be recovered through a MAP. We have filed an application for a MAP with the relevant authorities in Poland, Sweden, Lithuania, Estonia, Denmark, Germany and Latvia (all based on the EU Arbitration Convention), and with the relevant authorities in Russia and Norway (based on tax treaties). MAP procedures can take a considerable amount of time; MAP negotiations based on the EU Arbitration Convention are limited to two years, after which time the case is referred to the advisory commission for resolution within 12 months. For intra-EU MAP procedures, a decision is to be reached between the two relevant tax authorities, providing relief for any additional income that is assessed in Finland through the open tax case. The amount of tax recoverable through an intra-EU MAP is approximately 8 million to 12 million. For MAP negotiations based on tax treaties, there is no set time frame or possibility to refer the case to an advisory commission in case the authorities do not reach a conclusion. The amount of tax recoverable through a tax treaty based MAP is approximately 2 million. The surtaxes and interest (8.2 million) cannot be recovered through a MAP. The Finnish Competent Authorities will not start the MAP negotiations in our case until the appeal process is complete.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
