In addition to the appeal to the Board of Appeals, we have also made protective applications for a Mutual Agreement Procedure ("MAP"). A MAP provides for a corresponding adjustment to be agreed in another jurisdiction when a transfer pricing adjustment is applied, so that it is not a one-sided adjustment (i.e., additional income in Finland would have resulted in reduced profits in the corresponding Group entity, based in another territory). A MAP does not cover surtaxes and interest. Due to, for example, differences in tax rates and tax positions of the relevant affiliated entities, part of the additional taxes payable in Finland cannot be recovered through a MAP. We have filed an application for a MAP with the relevant authorities in Poland, Sweden, Lithuania, Estonia, Denmark, Germany and Latvia (all based on the EU Arbitration Convention), and with the relevant authorities in Russia and Norway (based on tax treaties). MAP procedures can take a considerable amount of time; MAP negotiations based on the EU Arbitration Convention are limited to two years, after which time the case is referred to the advisory commission for resolution within 12 months. For intra-EU MAP procedures, a decision is to be reached between the two relevant tax authorities, providing relief for any additional income that is assessed in Finland through the open tax case. The amount of tax recoverable through an intra-EU MAP is approximately 8 million to 12 million. For MAP negotiations based on tax treaties, there is no set time frame or possibility to refer the case to an advisory commission in case the authorities do not reach a conclusion. The amount of tax recoverable through a tax treaty based MAP is approximately 2 million. The surtaxes and interest (8.2 million) cannot be recovered through a MAP. The Finnish Competent Authorities will not start the MAP negotiations in our case until the appeal process is complete.
Other than as described above, we are not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
103
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Exchange rate risk
We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates. Although our reporting currency for purposes of our consolidated financial statements is the euro, a significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the euro, including the Swedish krona, the Norwegian krone, the Danish krone, the Lithuanian litas, the Polish zloty, the Russian rouble and the British pound. Excluding sales denominated in the Latvian lats (which was replaced by the euro as of January 1, 2014) and the Lithuanian litas (which is pegged to the euro), we generated approximately 59% of our revenue in currencies other than the euro during the year ended December 31, 2013; namely the Swedish krona (accounting for approximately 30% of our total revenue), the Russian rouble (accounting for approximately 8% of our total revenue), the Norwegian krone (accounting for approximately 7% of our total revenue), the Polish zloty (accounting for approximately 6% of our total revenue), the Danish krone (accounting for approximately 3% of our total revenue) and the British pound (accounting for approximately 2% of our total revenue). As a result, we are exposed to currency translation risk when the results of our subsidiaries that have a functional currency other than the euro are converted into euro for purposes of our consolidated financial statements. In connection therewith, the profits and losses of our subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the euro are translated into euro at average exchange rates, while assets and liabilities are translated into euro at the closing exchange rate as of the date of the applicable statement of financial position. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can affect the value of our foreign assets, sales, liabilities and costs when reported in euro and will therefore give rise to period-on-period differences in our results of operations. Therefore, if the euro appreciates (particularly in relation to the Swedish krona, the Russian rouble, the Norwegian krone, the Polish zloty, the Danish krone and the British pound) and our sales and expenses denominated in foreign currencies remain the same (or, in some cases, even if our sales increase or our expenses decrease), the euro value of the contribution to our consolidated results of operations and financial condition of our subsidiaries that have a functional currency other than the euro will be reduced and our euro-denominated consolidated revenues and profits will decline. Exchange rates between the euro and the other currencies in which we conduct our business, particularly the Swedish krona, the Russian rouble, the Norwegian krone, the Polish zloty, the Danish krone and the British pound, have fluctuated in recent years and may continue to do so in the future. Based on our sales denominated in Swedish kronor, Russian roubles, Norwegian kroner, Polish zloty, Danish kroner and British pounds in the year ended December 31, 2013, a depreciation of 5% in each of the Swedish krona, the Russian rouble, the Norwegian krone, the Polish zloty, the Danish krone and the British pound against the euro would have resulted in a decrease in our consolidated sales of approximately 6.5 million, 1.6 million, 1.5 million, 1.4 million, 0.7 million and 0.5 million, respectively.
In general, our subsidiaries generate revenue and incur expenses in their respective operating or functional currencies. This means we face relatively limited transaction-related exposure from our operating activities. However, we do face some transaction risk, primarily as a result of sales being made out of Finland into Sweden and Norway, out of Sweden into Norway and Denmark and out of Poland into Germany and the United Kingdom. Net currency exposure from sales made by our operating subsidiaries denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the relevant operating subsidiary arises only to the extent that we do not incur corresponding expenses in the same foreign currencies. Such net currency exposure may occur in relation to countries in which we do not operate production facilities (for example, Norway and Denmark) and therefore need to source our goods from other, typically neighboring, countries with other functional currencies, or in relation to countries in which we operate production facilities (for example, Poland and Russia) but need to source certain raw materials in a currency other than the functional currency of the relevant country. In order to reduce our net exposure from foreign currency exchange fluctuations, we purchase and intend to continue to purchase certain raw materials to a large extent in the local currencies of the relevant operating companies. Despite such purchases in local currencies, there are certain raw materials (for example, coke) that need to be sourced in currencies other than the relevant local currency, particularly in euro. Accordingly, the risk from foreign currency exposure related to sales denominated in currencies other than the euro can only partly be offset by local currencydenominated expenditures incurred at the level of our operating companies.
We mitigate the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts. Specifically, we forecast our cash flows by currency on a rolling six-month basis and hedge between 60% and 80% of those estimated cash flows, calculated on a Group basis. Currency translation exposure is not hedged. While our hedging strategy enables us to partly mitigate the effects on our cash flows of an appreciation of the value of the euro compared to the respective functional currencies of our
104
