We mitigate the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts. Specifically, we forecast our cash flows by currency on a rolling six-month basis and hedge between 60% and 80% of those estimated cash flows, calculated on a Group basis. Currency translation exposure is not hedged. While our hedging strategy enables us to partly mitigate the effects on our cash flows of an appreciation of the value of the euro compared to the respective functional currencies of our
foreign subsidiaries over the relevant period, it does not enable us to mitigate the risk of a long-term appreciation of the euro compared to the respective functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. Furthermore, we are also subject to foreign currency effects linked to loans (including intercompany loans) made in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity advancing or receiving those loans. For example, we currently have an outstanding SEK-denominated intercompany loan from Paroc Group Oy (the functional currency of which is the euro) to Paroc Sverige AB (the functional currency of which is the Swedish krona) which, as of December 31, 2013, had a book value of 225.8 million. Due to favorable exchange rate movements that have occurred during the period since the intercompany loan was made, Paroc Group Oy is likely to realize a substantial taxable gain upon repayment of the intercompany loan, which repayment may occur in connection with the Transactions. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- Currency rate and interest rate fluctuations might adversely affect our financial position and results of operations"
Interest rate risk
We have, and after the Transactions we will continue to have, a significant amount of long-term indebtedness which bears interest at variable rates, including under our New Revolving Credit Facility and the Floating Rate Notes. As a result, we are exposed to fluctuations or variability in interest payments due to changes in interest rates. If interest rates increase, our interest expense will also increase, and conversely, if interest rates decrease, our interest expense will also decrease. After giving pro forma effect to the Transactions and calculating pro forma cash interest expense on the Notes based upon, with respect to the Fixed Rate Notes, the interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes and, with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, the margin over three-month EURIBOR, as if the Transactions had occurred on January 1, 2013, a 0.125% increase in our variable interest rates would have resulted in additional cash interest expense of approximately 0.29 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Through our Group treasury, we monitor market conditions and may from time to time implement appropriate measures to manage interest rate risk, including the utilization of approved interest rate derivatives. As of December 31, 2013, our 350 million Existing Senior Notes were fully hedged through interest rate swaps until February 2015, pursuant to which we pay fixed interest and receive a floating interest rate linked to three-month EURIBOR. As part of the Transactions, we intend to unwind and terminate our outstanding interest rate swaps that we previously entered into in connection with our 350 million Existing Senior Notes. We may decide to put hedging in place for our New Revolving Credit Facility, our Floating Rate Notes or any other variable rate debt obligations we may have outstanding from time to time in the future.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk of not being able to fulfill present or future obligations if we do not have sufficient funds available to meet such obligations. Liquidity risk arises mostly in relation to cash flows generated and used in financing activities, and particularly by servicing our debt, in terms of both interest and principal, and our payment obligations relating to our ordinary business activities.
We believe that the potential risks to our liquidity include:
· a reduction in cash flow from operating activities due to a decrease in revenues, which could be due to economic, financial, competitive, market, legal, regulatory and other factors beyond our control;
· adverse working capital developments;
