Though the total construction output has generally decreased year-on-year since the onset of the financial crisis in 2007 (with the exception of 2011), Euroconstruct forecasts indicate that this trend is expected to
reverse in 2014. In 2013, volumes were substantially lower than their maximum values over the last ten years in most of our markets. For 2014, Euroconstruct forecasts positive construction volume outlooks for Sweden (1.6% growth), Finland (0.5% growth), Norway (3.6% growth) and Poland (3.5% growth). According to industry sources, there is a mixed overall outlook for the Baltic States as a whole in 2014, as falls in civil engineering activity may outweigh growth in residential and commercial construction.
For our building insulation products, we believe that the best indicator of demand in terms of volume is the new residential construction sector, which has in recent years been severely affected by strong declines in demand. From 2007 to 2010, the European market for new residential construction declined significantly, according to Euroconstruct. The decline in residential construction activities has been particularly significant in those countries that previously experienced high levels of new residential construction activities, such as the Nordics, Spain, Ireland and the United Kingdom. Growth and subsequent decline in the European markets for residential renovation, new commercial construction and commercial renovation have historically been less cyclical.
Since 2010, the Nordic and Baltic new residential sectors have remained flat, with many coming under pressure in the course of 2012 following a temporary recovery in 2011, due to the depressed macroeconomic environment in the euro zone, the tightening of public budgets, the challenging labor market and a decrease in consumer confidence. A potential acceleration in recovery is supported by structural demand from an aging building stock and an economic recovery in the near term.
Euroconstruct estimates that the compound annual growth rate for the residential construction output of all EC-19 Countries besides the Czech Republic and Spain will be positive for the period from 2013 to 2016. This reversal in trend is largely a result of increased demand following the improvement of economic prospects and the positive impact of demographic effects.
Market Structure
Demand
Stone wool is mainly used for insulation products used in residential, industrial and commercial construction. Stone wool products are also used in other applications, such as acoustics and fire protection. Alternative materials to stone wool insulation include glass wool and various foam-based insulation, such as Expanded Polystyrene ("EPS"), Rigid Polyurethane ("PUR") and Extruded Polystyrene ("XPS"). Individual application specifications may however impact the interchangeability of the insulation materials, and it is only in a relatively limited subset of applications where mineral wool insulation (comprising stone wool and glass wool) can be substituted for foam insulation. Mineral wool (comprising stone wool and glass wool) is the primary material used in building and technical insulation, with the highest market penetration. Mineral wool typically does not materially overlap with foam insulation in building or technical insulation uses. However, there is a material area of overlap between mineral wool and foam insulation in external facades and roofs, as well as in sandwich panels, where mineral wool and foams are relatively more substitutable. Within the category of mineral wool, stone wool and glass wool are close substitutes with relatively little differentiation in building insulation, and given the similarities in properties, application and production, the main competitor to stone wool is glass wool. The main advantage of stone wool is a higher fire resistance, which drives the higher share in process and marine segments. Stone wool is also generally perceived by customers to be easier to install. Glass wool in contrast is easier to transport than stone wool due to better compressibility and is cheaper than stone wool in low density insulation products. Typically, the choice of insulation used in construction activities varies by market and depends to a considerable degree on regional and local building traditions, exterior climate and applicable technical and legal construction requirements. In addition to specific requirement in the geographic markets, the choice of building material also depends on design requirements, relative product price, transportation and construction cost and brand and product awareness.
Distribution
