Supply The European mineral wool market is characterized by a small number of large pan-European manufacturers who account for the majority of the market. Among the suppliers of mineral wool in Europe, Rockwool, Saint Gobain, Uralita, Knauf and TechnoNICOL are our main competitors. Rockwool
is a global producer of stone wool headquartered in Copenhagen. Saint Gobain is a large diversified building materials group which markets its mineral wool products under the Isover brand; it is the largest glass wool producer and manufactures some stone wool. Uralita markets its products under the URSA brand and focuses on the manufacture of glass wool and XPS. Knauf is a German producer of mineral wool, foam and gypsum board with production sites in the US, Europe and Russia. TechnoNICOL is a Russian-based producer and distributor of building materials, including thermal insulation, but also roofing/waterproofing materials, mastics and primers, flexible tiles and sealant tape. It produces both stone wool and extruded polystyrene foam insulation with a focus on Eastern European markets. The mineral wool market is dominated by branded products from the main producers.
In contrast, the foam-based insulation market is dominated by a few large chemical players such as Dow Chemicals and BASF, as well as Kingspan. It is highly fragmented beyond that with many small providers.
Generally, competition in the insulation industry is geographically limited, as transportation cost constitutes a significant part of overall product cost. Moreover, the requirements of local end-users in terms of standard specifications and other technical features for building materials may differ by geographic market, resulting in additional barriers to entry for non-regional suppliers. However, imports of insulation materials play a growing role given harmonization of building regulations in Europe, such as under the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive adopted in May 2010 and the Energy Efficiency Directive due for implementation at member-state level in June 2014. Due to the high cost associated with transportation over long distances, the ability to maintain a dense network of production plants that serve local markets tends to give such companies a competitive advantage.
The production of stone wool requires a large initial capital investment. Capacity utilization rate for each plant is a competitive factor. Relatively lower levels of demand in the past 2-3 years, along with the high level of capital investment initially required to establish operations, have resulted in a limited number of new competitors entering our core markets. Raw materials for manufacturing stone wool insulation materials are generally available in all our markets, although the quality of economically obtainable raw materials does vary between regions. Typically, plants are located in close proximity to suitable raw material supplies and demand for products, thus naturally limiting the number of available first-class locations. An important component of cost is energy, which results in dependency on energy prices, in particular coke and electricity.
Key Industry Trends
In addition to a potential cyclical recovery in the residential, commercial and industrial construction sectors, the insulation industry is influenced by the following key trends:
Sustainability and Energy Efficiency Regulation
In light of high and increasing energy prices and commitments to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, governments, the construction industry and building owners are increasingly focusing on the modernization of existing buildings and improving the energy efficiency of new buildings. To that end, the reduction of energy consumption and elimination of unnecessary emissions from buildings are among the main objectives of the EPBD, which requires Member States to amend existing building regulations and to introduce energy certification schemes for buildings, and the EED, which requires Member States to introduce national energy efficiency obligation schemes or other policy measures generative of equivalent energy savings. The EPBD has defined clear requirements relating to energy efficiency of new buildings from 2019 (public sector) and 2021 (private sector) onwards. Following the relevant implementation date, all new buildings must be "nearly zero energy buildings.'' In addition, the EED requires (subject to certain exceptions) that 3% of the total floor area of public buildings owned by central governments must be renovated to meet the energy efficiency requirement. Under the EPBD and enacting legislation at the Member State level, building materials producers will be under pressure to further develop and improve their products so that they meet regulatory requirements in terms of thermal insulation, carbon dioxide emissions and reduction of waste. In particular, of all available technologies, insulation offers one of the most cost-effective methods to reduce carbon dioxide emissions of all available technologies. Buildings make up approximately 40% of the energy consumption in the EU, with heating representing the majority of this energy consumption, and, although significant developments have been made, further improvements are required to meet targets. Building heat loss through walls, roofs and floors can be reduced through improvements in insulation. In particular, stone wool offers high thermal insulation, fire protection and ease of handling, along with acoustic properties as required. We expect that in certain
