Sustainability and Energy Efficiency Regulation
113
segments of building construction, stone wool may have an advantage over other forms of insulation, such as glass wool or foam-based insulation, due to its fire safety properties. However these competing products are also being improved or developed to meet evolving requirements.
Demographic Trends, Higher Quality Construction and Renovation Activities
In light of expected future economic developments and demographic trends, many European countries rely on immigration of skilled workers, which may stimulate demand for new residential construction. At the same time, the number of households is increasing, primarily attributed to a trend towards a lower average number of persons per household, particularly in Western European countries. In order to facilitate and expedite construction activities and economize on operating cost of buildings, flexible building material solutions that combine ease of handling, pre-fabricated elements and superior product properties are expected to play an increasing role. Similarly, many Central and Eastern European countries, as a result of historical substantial underinvestment in the existing housing stock still require considerable new construction, as well as renovation and modernization, to meet the higher building standards prevailing in Western European countries. Future GDP growth in many Central and Eastern European countries may therefore have a positive impact on demand and the evolution of new construction, as well as renovation and modernization activities.
Technical Insulation Industry
Market Size and Growth
Compared to the market for building insulation, the market for technical insulation is focused on industrial production and construction end-market drivers, with applications in the HVAC, Process Industries, Marine and OEM segments. The main products used in technical insulation are pipe sections, wired net mats, lamella mats, on-line products and other tailored products.
The market for technical insulation varies depending on the application. Development in the HVAC segment, similar to the market for building insulation, is closely linked to the overall level of construction activity. Likewise, the OEM segment is driven by general construction activity along with an increased share of prefabrication in construction. The Process Industries and Marine segments are influenced primarily by the overall levels of capital investment expenditure in: (i) oil & gas, petrochemicals, power generation and other manufacturing industries; and (ii) shipbuilding and offshore construction activity, respectively.
