Compared to the market for building insulation, the market for technical insulation is focused on industrial production and construction end-market drivers, with applications in the HVAC, Process Industries, Marine and OEM segments. The main products used in technical insulation are pipe sections, wired net mats, lamella mats, on-line products and other tailored products.
Market Structure
Demand
The specifications and demand for technical insulation vary depending on application, with material choice by application being relatively consistent across different geographies. Mineral wool technical insulation tends to be the primary material of choice in Process Industry, Marine and OEM applications due to fire safety and temperature requirements. In the HVAC segment, mineral wool is preferred in sub-segments where fire safety is necessary and where energy efficiency gains can be achieved, such as warm pipes, thermal insulated ducts, fire insulated ducts, sound insulated ducts, ventilation equipment, HVAC equipment and smoke & exhaust pipes. Foams tend to be preferred in applications where moisture resistance is important. However, there is relatively limited direct substitutability as mineral wool and foam technical insulation products rarely compete directly for the same end-use application.
Distribution
Distribution of technical insulation products is similar to the distribution of building insulation products. Technical insulation products are mainly distributed through HVAC material dealers and technical insulation dealers who provide service, quality, availability and sales support. The functions of the HVAC material dealers and technical insulation dealers are similar to those in the building materials industry.
Supply
The mineral wool technical insulation market is consolidated. The leading European technical insulation manufacturers (for all insulation materials, not just mineral wool) are Rockwool, Saint Gobain (marketed under the Isover brand) and Knauf. Unlike building insulation, the markets for technical insulation are broader in geographical scope, due to the higher transportable distances of technical insulation products,
114
