The mineral wool technical insulation market is consolidated. The leading European technical insulation manufacturers (for all insulation materials, not just mineral wool) are Rockwool, Saint Gobain (marketed under the Isover brand) and Knauf. Unlike building insulation, the markets for technical insulation are broader in geographical scope, due to the higher transportable distances of technical insulation products,
resulting from the relatively less bulky nature of the products. As a result, the supplier structure for mineral wool technical insulation products is less fragmented and competition is less regional in nature than in the building insulation industry.
Key Industry Trends
Energy Efficiency Trends
Similar to the trends in the building insulation industry, within the industrial production and construction end-markets there are strong regulatory incentives to improve energy efficiency with EU directives aiming to reduce energy consumption through the EU 2020 targets and potentially further through the EU 2030 targets which are currently under review. Furthermore rising energy costs have also created strong economic incentives to increase efficiency, along with rising costs for carbon dioxide emissions. As in the case of building insulation, technical insulation is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve energy efficiency in industrial production and construction. Technical insulation is typically not regulated by law, with the obvious exception of fire protection requirements in ventilation systems (which is typically strictly regulated). Therefore technical insulation requirements are generally driven by industry standards and norms governed by industry bodies and associations, along with certification requirements and required product approvals. The ongoing trend towards stronger demand for energy efficient solutions and higher standards of fire protection are likely to result in higher demand for technical insulation.
Industrial Investment Trends
Economic growth will likely result in increased demand for technical insulation in key segments as investment into infrastructure and construction increases. Unlike new construction, renovation, remodeling and modernization activities in both industrial and marine applications have historically been less susceptible to cyclicality than new construction.
Sandwich Panels Industry
Market Size and Growth
