Sandwich Panels Industry
The market for panels is primarily focused on commercial construction, and also industrial and storage applications. The main panel systems products include interior and external wall facades with various surface configurations, which are used in facade, fire, hygiene, acoustic and security systems. Many of these systems are tailor-made solutions to meet specific demands. Panel systems products are generally metal panels lined with insulation, and are used mainly as the wall elements of commercial and industrial buildings. The type of insulation used in the panels varies across markets, with alternatives to stone wool, including glass wool and foams such as PUR and PIR; however, the material used depends largely on cost, traditional usage and regulatory/fire safety requirements.
Market Structure
Demand
The specifications and demand for panel systems vary depending on application and customer requirements. Panels are generally produced and sold to order on a project basis, so key customers fluctuate from year to year. Panels are sold directly to installers and contractors, both primary and specialist. Demand can also be driven from specifications made during the design phase, such as by architects. This is because panels can be used for a number of different applications and speed up the build time, while at the same time reducing overall costs.
Supply
The panel systems market is consolidated in local markets, with the top players holding high local market shares. There are four key competitor types, including forward integrated steel players, such as SSAB/ Ruukki, prefabrication players, such as Kingspan, steel product manufacturers, such as Lindab, and forward integrated insulation players, such as Paroc. Differentiation is made through service, design and quality control, with insulation materials players experiencing some cost advantages due to reduced transportation costs due to vertical integration.
115
Key Industry Trends Fire Safety Trends In addition to the energy efficiency trends seen in the building insulation industry, the increasing importance of and demand for data centers may result in increased demand for fire-safe solutions in the construction of new commercial buildings. Higher standards of fire protection and demands for energy efficient solutions may result in higher demand for mineral wool-based panel systems. Russian Insulation Industry Market Size and Growth Building insulation uses (requiring insulation slabs, mats and sandwich panels) comprise the majority of the overall Russian market for mineral wool insulation, with technical insulation representing a relatively smaller proportion of the market at present. Within the mineral wool market, stone wool has become established as the most important material, and is used in Russia far more widely compared with glass wool products. The development of the Russian insulation market is closely linked to the level of construction activity, which in turn is linked to growth of the broader economy. Commercial construction is driven by the significant need to develop high-quality infrastructure in Russia, and is currently underpinned by certain major projects in the medium term (e.g., FIFA World Cup in 2018). These incentives include dedicated renovation fees payable by owners of apartments, with proceeds earmarked for renovation activities. Market Structure Demand and supply dynamics in Russia are broadly in line with the dynamics in more mature markets for mineral wool insulation products. At present, the vast majority of the demand for insulation in Russia is concentrated around building insulation uses (approximately 90% of the market size in 2012), with stone wool as the preferred material of choice. Given the relatively fragmented nature of the Russian market, dealers (primarily insulation wholesalers, as well as DIY stores) are the most important distribution channel of insulation products in Russia. Supply in the Russian market is also relatively fragmented, with the vast majority of Russian sales of insulation products supplied nationally, partially due to significant import tariffs.
