As a result, energy efficiency has been identified as a key priority of the Russian Ministry of Energy and the Federal Law on Energy Conservation and Increase of Energy Efficiency was adopted in Russia in November 2009, creating a legal and economic framework to encourage energy efficiency by setting standards for policy enforcement. Its primary focus is around the energy efficiency of buildings, and it introduces mandatory requirements for the installation of energy consumption meters, as well as stricter requirements for monitoring and information provision.
In recent years, certain sub-segments of the Russian insulation market have experienced some, albeit limited, pricing pressure. This has been focused on the lower-quality, lower price segment of the market. Pricing in premium products, such as our products, remained far more resilient with much smaller or negligible declines in pricing between 2011 and 2013.
We expect the current trends of increasing focus on fire safety, improvements in construction quality and the quality of building practices in Russia, particularly in the Central and North Western Federal regions, to provide a stronger impetus to the growth in the high-quality segment of the market, which has been the strongest-growth segment in recent years. Consequently, we expect to see a continued resilience in the pricing of the premium segment in the Russian insulation market, due to the strong demand in this segment.
117
BUSINESS
Overview
We are a producer of premium stone wool insulation, and we believe that we are a market leader in Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States by market share, which according to our estimates has remained stable overall over the past three years. Our other important markets include Norway, Denmark, Poland, Germany and the United Kingdom. Our stone wool products are used for both building insulation and technical insulation, and are known for their high product quality and superior fire resistance, as evidenced by customer and market surveys. We have significantly broadened our geographic sales reach since 2009 through the expansion and leveraging of our strategically located manufacturing network, allowing for an increasing sales presence in western Europe and Russia, which we view to be potential growth markets. As of March 31, 2014, we operated nine production plants in five different countries with 13 Base production lines, 18 Technical Insulation production lines and one Panel System production line. As of the same date, we also had sales and representative offices in 14 European countries and sales to over 40 countries. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we generated total sales of 433.1 million (with Finland, Sweden and the Baltic States accounting for 20.2%, 25.1% and 8.6% of our total sales, respectively) and Adjusted EBITDA of 82.8 million.
Our business is organized in four divisions:
· Building Insulation ("BI"). Our Building Insulation division markets and distributes a range of insulation productions and solutions for residential and commercial buildings in both new-build and renovation construction markets. Products in the BI division range from general building insulation to more specialized acoustic or fire protection insulation products. General building insulation is the largest business segment within BI. The majority of the BI division's stone wool products are manufactured by our Base Production division, with the exception of some more specialized acoustics and roofing products, which are produced by our Technical Insulation division. The BI division does not have its own production lines or manufacturing capacity. The BI division also sells panel wool internally to our Panel System division and sells insulation for pre-fabricated panels to third parties across Europe. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Building Insulation division generated sales of 256.7 million (with external sales of 242.0 million, or 55.9% of our total sales).
