Established position through well-invested manufacturing base, branded products and strong customer relationships
119
us to meet our high quality standards consistently across our markets and to supply products to our customers on a localized and cost-efficient basis, reducing transport costs, delivery times and import tariffs. Our proprietary technology, including our proprietary recipe and manufacturing process for the production of our stone wool products, also supports the manufacture of our high-specification products. This allows us to produce a high-quality, differentiated product with strong brand value and corresponding pricing. We have made significant investments to develop, and to continuously improve our facilities, as well as our product specifications and our manufacturing processes and technologies. We review our operations on an ongoing basis to ensure that our stone wool products meet the strict safety, environmental and efficacy standards in the markets in which we operate. We believe it would take considerable time and substantial investment to replicate our manufacturing base and product portfolio due to the proprietary technology, high levels of capital expenditure, regulatory requirements, maintenance costs, complex supply chain and strict quality standards needed to operate in the stone wool market.
We also benefit from the partial vertical integration of our supply chain and, for the year ended December 31, 2013, were able to supply approximately 30% of our raw stone needs through our ownership of rights or concessions to quarry stone from eight quarries in Finland. As a result, we have the ability to supply a majority of our requirements of certain stones that are difficult to source from third parties internally, leading to lower raw materials input costs (through a reduction in transportation logistics costs), assuring the quality of our stone wool products, and reducing our dependence on third-party suppliers.
In addition, we have strong, and often longstanding, customer relationships, as well as the brand awareness amongst dealers and contractors. Based on a recent customer differentiation survey conducted by BrandWorxx in 2013, over 90% of customers surveyed view Paroc as their preferred partner relative to competitors. The survey also highlighted Paroc as efficient, reliable and innovative, as well as the most socially responsible provider. We believe that this brand recognition translates into strong customer loyalty.
Attractive financial profile with strong cash generation and flexible cost base
We have a strong financial track record with net sales of 404.8 million, 430.4 million and 433.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 3.4%. We have also demonstrated an ability to improve Adjusted EBITDA during periods of macroeconomic volatility, with Adjusted EBITDA of 61.2 million, 75.1 million and 82.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 15.8%.
While we have made significant strategic growth investment capital expenditures in each of the last three years (particularly in Russia), our maintenance capital expenditure requirements are relatively low and manageable, with expenditures of 15.8 million, 10.3 million and 10.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. This attractive capex profile, in combination with our continued focus on working capital optimization, has translated into a consistently positive cash conversion over the past three fiscal years.
We also have a flexible cost base with an ability to effectively increase and decrease the number of employees and number of shifts at our manufacturing plants depending on customer demand levels. For the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 83% of our cost of sales was variable, comprising, among other things, raw materials cost, energy cost, direct production wages and distribution cost, which generally move in-line with changes in volume. Furthermore, our well-invested manufacturing platform and ability to increase capacity utilization provides operating leverage to drive potential profitability when volumes increase.
