Production process
Raw material handling involves measuring out the required quantities of stone and coke to use in the melting process. The raw materials are precisely blended to create the optimum melt for stone wool fiber production. In the melting process, the measured raw materials are then melted together in a cupola furnace or electric melting furnace, using the coke and electricity as the source of heat energy. In the spinning process, the now-melted raw materials are fed directly onto a spinner, which produces the fine stone wool fibers. A small amount of binding materials is then added. In the wool collection process, the fibers are then collected to form a thin sheet of raw stone wool, and then the sheets are layered and compressed to specified densities, depending on the product specifications. In the curing process, uncured stone wool for use in pipe machines within the Technical Insulation division is taken off of the production line (this stone wool is left uncured) and the remaining stone wool is reheated to cure and harden the resin binding. In the sixth process, cured products to be sold by the Technical Insulation, Building Insulation or Panel System divisions are cut as according to product specifications, and in the final process, the products are packaged in the form of rolls, pipes, slabs, panels or mats. We also produce ``blowing wool'' (granulated stone wool for thermal insulation) mainly from product waste.
Sales
The Base Production division sells its stone wool products to the Building Insulation and Technical Insulation divisions at a fixed cost agreed at the beginning of each year. The Panel System division and our Russian operations enter into fixed price agreements at the beginning of each year, establishing the price and volume at which the Base Production division will sell its stone wool production. We produced a volume of approximately 375.9 thousand tonnes, 377.2 thousand tonnes and 379.9 thousand tonnes of stone wool in the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively, and we had internal sales of 200.4 million, 207.4 million and 207.3 million in the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. Of the stone wool we produced in the year ended December 31, 2013, 27% was produced in Finland, 24% in Sweden, 30% in Poland and 19% in Lithuania.
The Base Production division also has external income relating to royalty income from licensing agreements, and from the sale of unusable fragments of stone from the quarries over which we have quarrying rights. The division had external sales of 0.5 million, 0.4 million and 0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively.
Building Insulation
Overview
Our Building Insulation division is the marketing and distribution operation for the stone wool insulation produced by our Base Production division for residential and non-residential buildings (for both new-build and renovation construction markets). The BI division does not have its own production lines or manufacturing capacity. BI sends its product orders to the Base Production division which manufacturers and delivers the product to the end customer. Products in the BI division range from general building insulation to more specialized acoustic or fire protection insulation products, with the majority marketed through the PAROC® brand. General building insulation is the largest business segment within BI. The majority of the BI division's stone wool products are manufactured by our Base Production division, with the exception of some more specialized acoustics and roofing products, which are produced by our Technical Insulation division for our BI division. The BI division also sells panel stone wool internally to our PPS division and also sells insulation for pre-fabricated panels to third parties across Europe.
For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Building Insulation division generated sales of 256.7 million (with external sales of 242.0 million, or 55.9% of our total sales). Excluding sales to Russia, our Building Insulation division generated sales of 232.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. For the year ended December 31, 2013, sales in our major markets in the BI division (excluding sales to Russia) were as follows: Finland (27%), Sweden (29%), the Baltic States (12%), Poland (7%), Germany, Austria and Switzerland (6%), Denmark (3%) and Norway (7%). We believe that by market share, we are the market leaders in both Sweden and the Baltic States (taken as a whole), among the top two in Finland and among the top three in Norway. For the year ended December 31, 2013, on a gross basis excluding sales to Russia, 47% of BI's sales were for new residential construction, 37% of BI's sales were for new non-residential construction and 16% of BI's sales were for renovation projects.
