We manufacture slabs designed for thermal insulation as an underlayer and single layers for flat roofs, as well as boards used for top layer insulation, and are also now introducing roofing insulation. Roof insulation generated sales of 46 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 20% of Bl's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
Rendered facade products produce a seamless surface for external walls which does not accumulate moisture and does not react to changes in temperature. We produce slabs for mechanical fastening and insulated lamellas for fastening by adhesive mortar. Rendered facade insulation generated sales of 23 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 10% of BI's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
Panel insulation
We manufacture concrete panel slabs (core insulation material for manufactured concrete panels) and metal-faced panel slabs (rigid fireproof stone wool in slabs or cut into lamellas for metal faced sandwich panels) used in panels and sold to third parties as well as internally to our PPS division. Panel insulation generated sales of 44 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 19% of Bl's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
Fire protection
We manufacture special slabs and boards for fire protection applications. Paroc stone wool retains its properties at temperatures as high as 1000°C. We offer a variety of fire protection (including for steel structures, corrugated steel, chimneys, corridor linings, fire insulated ducts, among other applications) and fire partitioning solutions. Fire protection generated sales of 4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 2% of Bl's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
Acoustic products
We manufacture a wide range of acoustic tiles for suspended ceilings as well as for wall mounting in a number of applications under the PARAFON® brand name. Our acoustic products are manufactured in Skovde, Sweden, and are designed to absorb sounds that might otherwise be reflected and create an unpleasant indoor environment. The absorption coefficient for stone wool is ~0.90-1.00 (frequencies above 500 Hz) which means that 90%-100% of the sound will be absorbed by the acoustic product. Acoustic products generated sales of 15 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 6% of BI's total sales (excluding sales to Russia).
Ground insulation
