 "EUInsolvency Regulation" means the Council of the European Union regulation (EC) No 1346/2000 of May 29, 2000 on insolvency proceedings.
 "Eurozone" means the 18 Member States that have adopted and retained the euro as their common currency and sole legal tender.
 "Existing Issuer Senior Notes" means the 299.2 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2015 issued by the Issuer under the Existing Senior Notes Trust Deed, which will be redeemed in full on the Issue Date using the proceeds of the Offering. See "Use o f Proceeds."
 "Existing Junior Notes" means the 100 million aggregate principal amount of junior notes due 2015 issued by Safari Finco 1 Oy under the Existing Junior Notes Trust Deed, which Existing Junior Notes are held by the Lender-Owner Syndicate. A portion of the proceeds of the Offering, together with cash on hand, will be used to (i) partially redeem, and pay accrued and unpaid interest on, the Existing Junior Notes and (ii) fund the purchase by Safari Luxco 2 S.A. of Existing Junior Notes from the Lender-Owner Syndicate. See "Use of Proceeds."
 "Existing Junior Notes Trust Deed" means the junior note trust deed and conditions dated December 23, 2009, as amended, among, inter alios, Safari Finco 1 Oy and the trustee thereunder, providing for the issuance of junior notes by Safari Finco 1 Oy. The Existing Junior Notes Trust Deed will be amended and restated on or before the Issue Date to amend the terms of the Existing Junior Notes so that they constitute unsecured subordinated notes. See "Description o f Other Indebtedness-- Shareholder Loans of Safari Finco 1 Oy."
 "Existing Oy Ab Senior Notes" means the 50.8 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2015 issued by Paroc Oy Ab under the Existing Senior Notes Trust Deed, which will be redeemed in full on the Issue Date using the proceeds of the Offering. See "Use of Proceeds."
 "Existing Senior Facility" means the super senior secured revolving credit facilities under the Existing Senior Facility Agreement, which will be canceled on the Issue Date.
xiii
 "Existing Senior Facility Agreement" means the super senior secured revolving credit facilities agreement dated December 23, 2009, as amended, among, inter alios, Paroc Oy Ab as borrower, the Issuer, as guarantor, the other guarantors party thereto and the lenders and the other parties named therein, governing the Existing Senior Facility.
