Our core HVAC markets are Sweden (27% of HVAC external sales (excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013) and Finland (22% of HVAC external sales (excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013), Poland (9% of HVAC external sales (excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013), Germany (8% of HVAC external sales (excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013) and the United Kingdom (7% of HVAC external sales (excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013), and sales to the HVAC market were 77.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing approximately 57% of total TI external sales (on a gross basis, excluding sales to Russia). Our major customers are technical insulation dealers and insulation contractors.
Customer requirements are varied, depending on the nature of the process industry; however, process industry customers demand long-lasting, maintenance-free and energy efficient insulation solutions. Product offerings to process industries include insulation for straight pipelines, pipe elbows, valves and flanges, tanks, boilers, heat exchanges and vessels, filters, flue ducts and industrial chimneys. An important property of Paroc products is their low chloride and fluoride content, which helps to minimize the risk of corrosion under the insulation.
The geography of our process industry customer base is diverse and includes Finland, Germany, Sweden, Poland, Belgium, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Sales to the process industry market were 27.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing approximately 20% of total TI external sales (on a gross basis, excluding sales to Russia). Distribution channels vary country-by-country; in the Nordic countries, industrial insulation products are sold mainly to contractors, however, in continental Europe, technical insulation dealers act as a key route to market.
128
Marine and Offshore
Our marine and offshore insulation has been developed to meet the needs of the modern shipbuilding and offshore industry. Insulation (especially fire-resistant insulation) is important in the construction of passenger cruise vessels. The products and structures used in ships must be fire tested and approved according to the rules and regulations of the International Maritime Organization (IMO). We have several approvals for A60, A30 and A15 class solutions for steel and aluminum decks and bulkheads ("A" indicates a maritime approval and the number indicates the minutes of fire resistance). For offshore applications we have approvals for H120 and H60 steel decks and bulkheads ("H" indicates an offshore approval and the number indicates the minutes of fire resistance). We also offer insulation products for marine air ducts and pipes as well as cabins and corridors.
Our core markets for marine and offshore products are Italy (30% of marine and offshore sales (excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013), Finland (22% of marine and offshore sales (excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013) and Germany (10% of marine and offshore sales (excluding sales to Russia) for the year ended December 31, 2013), where major European shipyards for cruise liners and "roll-on-roll-off" ferries are located. Sales to the marine and offshore market were 14.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing 10% of total TI external sales (on a gross basis, excluding sales to Russia). In Italy, we sell through an Italian distributor with whom we have a long relationship, and outside of Italy, marine insulation products are typically sold directly to the shipyard or contractor.
Original equipment manufacturers ("OEM")
In the equipment manufacturing industry, insulation is required to increase the energy efficiency of equipment, for fire protection and for sound attenuation. The OEM market requires insulation for specialized equipment (for example boilers, silencers, air conditioning equipment and exhaust pipes, among others), which must meet individual customers' requirements that may vary on a case-by-case basis. We invest a significant amount of time building relationship with OEM customers; we identify a need for the use of insulation, and we then work with the customer to develop tailor-made products.
