129
Production Process
Our panels are manufactured on an automated PPS production line at our Parainen plant. The stone wool is supplied by our Base Production division (sold through the BI division at fixed market prices negotiated annually on an arm's-length basis), which is produced at the Parainen plant adjacent to the PPS production line, and is put onto the PPS production line. The stone wool slabs are introduced into the production line machine and then fed through cutters in order to produce strips of lamellas. The lamellas are then cut with grooves in order to join the lengths together. Once joined, metal facings are bonded with adhesive onto both sides of the mineral wool core. The steel facings are of commercially available standard steel grades and coatings. For many years, the Finnish steel group Rautaruukki has been a major supplier. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the PPS production line at Parainen produced approximately 1.2 million m2of PPS products.
PPS provides solutions that are designed to provide everything needed to complete a structure: panels, accessories, fixings, flashings, profiles, sealants and lifting equipment, as well as design, service, logistical, installation and solid technical support. When developing our product offerings, design and aesthetics are important to make our products attractive to architects. An important element of our product offering is our skilled staff. Our sales staff assists our customers in finding the best possible solutions for their specific projects and our project engineers ensure a smooth implementation of the project according to agreement, while our technical experts to give guidance in the design and selection of architectural and function structural solutions.
Original System
Our Original System products are panels for ordinary external walls, internal walls and ceilings where no special requirements exist. The Original System includes the original panel design (Paroc Original with ribs of 200mm) with the standard steel coating for external use made of PVDF and, for internal use, polyester.
Facade System
The Facade System includes a wide range of panel designs and "flashings" (a decorative element) and fixings. The external surfaces of these panels are always coated with PVDF to guarantee a long-lasting appearance. Manufactured corner panels and the option for a special width range of 300-1,100mm add to the flexibility in design, and our other special panel range includes panels of varying sizes. The Facade System is used by architects for a more aesthetic finish.
Fire System
