The Facade System includes a wide range of panel designs and "flashings" (a decorative element) and fixings. The external surfaces of these panels are always coated with PVDF to guarantee a long-lasting appearance. Manufactured corner panels and the option for a special width range of 300-1,100mm add to the flexibility in design, and our other special panel range includes panels of varying sizes. The Facade System is used by architects for a more aesthetic finish.
Fire System panels provide a complete solution for fire resistant facilities or interiors, with non-combustible panels and specially designed accessories. The products include fire resistant partitioning walls, ceilings and cladding walls. Panels meet the applicable national requirements for fire resistance up to four hours in walls and up to one and a half hours in ceilings. Fire System Panels are classified in Euroclass A2 and our structural stone wool core in Euroclass A1. Our products have been tested by appropriate third-party testing organizations.
Hygiene System
Hygiene System panels are designed for the food and electronics industries, and are manufactured with entirely smooth surfaces for internal use (food-safe coatings) and PVDF for external wall cladding surfaces, as well as stainless steel.
Acoustic System
Acoustic System panels are designed for internal walls and ceilings in industrial applications where special sound insulation or sound absorption is required. We use both Paroc original and perforated Paroc acoustic panels (the perforated surface on one side of the panel provides better sound absorption) for Acoustic System applications.
130
Build-on System
Paroc Built-on is a solution for additional cladding (cladding is the application of one construction material over another material) on Paroc sandwich panels, that combines facade panels with other cladding materials. The combination of Paroc panels and ceramic tiles, glass, timber or bricks can create new possibilities for facade design. Because of the properties of our panels, customers are able to install additional cladding materials directly to panel facing.
