Build-on System
Customers and marketing
Panels are primarily sold in our core panel markets of Sweden (32% of PPS sales for the year ended December 31, 2013), Finland (20% of PPS sales for the year ended December 31, 2013), Norway (15% of PPS sales for the year ended December 31, 2013) and Denmark (10% of PPS sales for the year ended December 31, 2013) and are also sold throughout western and central Europe (including Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, the Baltic States and the United Kingdom), as well as to the Middle East on a project basis. For the year ended December 31, 2013, 66% of PPS sales (by surface area) were for external wall panels, 24% for partitioning panels and 10% for ceiling panels.
Panels are produced and sold on a project basis and are sold directly to installers and contractors. All production is allocated by orders and panel pricing is usually determined on an individual contract-by-contract basis, with orders confirmed via a tendering process. Panel System has its own independent sales team, and we invest a significant amount of time in meeting customers and stakeholders, organizing industry education seminars to demonstrate the quality of Paroc panels, as well as advertising our products and new features in construction magazines. Our sales team has a two-pronged marketing strategy: we target architects or building owners to educate them in the advantages of Paroc products, with the objective that they specify panels to be ``Paroc or similar'' in their design specification which is sent to contractors and also market to the major contractors or panel installers to ensure that we are included in any tender for construction projects. We have strong relations with certain building project management companies that deal in large-scale projects across Europe, and we often secure orders for panels from architects that specify the use of Paroc panels in their building plans We generally have orders five to six weeks in advance, and peak orders are during April-June and September-November (before the beginning of winter).
Russian expansion
Overview
We have historically sold our products through sales offices in Russia, and made the decision in 2011 to expand and build a production facility to directly serve what we believe to be a growth market for Paroc. There is substantial demand for new housing stock and renovation and modernization of existing housing stock, driven by new federal governmental projects and housing programs. We sold 24 thousand tonnes of insulation in Russia in the year ended December 31, 2012 and 30 thousand tonnes in the year ended December 31, 2013. Our products compete in the Russian stone wool market as a premium product with a strong service offering and a reputation for best-in-class product quality.
We intend for our Russian operations to be a stand-alone business unit consisting of a building insulation unit, a technical insulation unit as well as a base production unit designed to supply all Paroc stone wool products sold in the Russian market. The base production plant at Tver began commercial operations in January 2014 with one base production line. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Russian operations generated sales of 32.3 million (or 7.5% of our total sales).
We face certain challenges in Russia as we expand into a new emerging market and develop our in-country presence, including political instability in the region, as well as challenges in navigating the establishment and operation of a manufacturing facility in a new legal jurisdiction. See Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- We operate in emerging markets such as Russia, which exposes us to risks inherent to such less developed markets, and we may be exposed to greater risks as we intend to increase our operations in such markets" and "--We may not be able to successfully manage future growth, including by way of organic growth to new regions and potential acquisitions which may expose us to additional risks."
