We intend for our Russian operations to be a stand-alone business unit consisting of a building insulation unit, a technical insulation unit as well as a base production unit designed to supply all Paroc stone wool products sold in the Russian market. The base production plant at Tver began commercial operations in January 2014 with one base production line. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our Russian operations generated sales of 32.3 million (or 7.5% of our total sales).
Tver Line 1
Following an extensive market review, we began construction of a production plant with a 50 thousand tonne base production line on a brownfield site (Izoplit) in Tver in 2012 at a total cost of 60 million. Our
131
new manufacturing facility in Tver employs 96 employees, and began meaningful commercial production in January 2014 on one base production line. The plant uses best-in-class production practices utilizing Paroc "know-how" and technology from across the Group. Tver is strategically located between key target regions of Saint Petersburg and Moscow, allowing for ease of transport to end-customers within Russia.
Our Russian operations are being provided with ongoing marketing and operational support by the main Paroc BI, TI and Base Production divisions as it ramps up its production and sales activities. Local production allows us to be more competitive in the market due to lower production and transportation costs along with the elimination of high import duties. Production at the Tver plant will replace a substantial majority of historical imports from plants in neighboring countries that currently supply the Russian market (in particular Lappeenranta and Vilnius).
The raw materials for our Russian production include coke sources from Ukraine, locally sourced resin and locally sourced stones, as well as certain stone sourced from our quarries in Finland. Because of the recent political instability in the Ukraine, we have put in place contingency plans to source our coke from the Czech Republic and Poland if the need arises. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- Our business may be negatively affected by volatility in raw and other material prices, our inability to retain or replace our key suppliers, unexpected supply shortages and disruptions o f the supply chain."
Tver Line 2 and TI production
We believe Russia (which accounted for 7.5% of the Group's revenue for the financial year ended December 31, 2013) represents an attractive growth market for our business. Accordingly, we are currently considering a plan to significantly expand our production capacity at our new manufacturing facility in Tver by adding a second production line for the manufacture of base stone wool (``Tver Line 2"), as well as additional machinery that would provide us with off-line TI production capacity in Russia. This second phase of our Russian expansion remains subject to internal approval, which we would not expect to receive prior to the second half of 2014. In the event that we proceed with the second phase of our Russian expansion, we expect that we will make total capital expenditures in the amount of approximately 75 million during the 18 to 24 month period following any decision to proceed with the project. We expect that we would fund these capital expenditures using cash generated by our operating activities.
