(3) These plants also have special product production equipment.
(5) Lappeenranta is scheduled to cease operations by the end of 2016. See ``--Lappeenranta closure." We have ceased production on one of the Base production lines as of February 2014, and two TI production lines are scheduled to be shut down during 2014. Most of the special product production at Lappeenranta has been transferred and is in use at other production facilities. The remaining Base production line will be shut down in 2016.
132
Lappeenranta closure
Our Lappeenranta plant is scheduled for closure in 2016. It is located on a leased site at the edge of a limestone quarry and is situated over a valuable limestone deposit. We lease the land from Nordkalk, with the lease scheduled to expire in May 2019. Nordkalk has indicated that it will not renew the lease as it requires access to the limestone deposits under the plant, and we have agreed to close down the plant by the end of 2016, and, where feasible, will transfer operations and production equipment to other production plants. Although the shutdown and production transfer process is a challenging task for our group, we have transferred equipment in the past and a project plan and process is in place to minimize disruption to customers. The shutdown and facility transfer phase is in process (it began in 2013) with Base Production shifting to Oulu, Parainen, Hallekis, Trzemeszno and our new Tver plant in Russia (see ``--Russian expansion"), TI production transferred to Hallekis, Trzemeszno, Skovde and Tver. Two of the TI production lines will be shut down in 2014, with the other two to be shut down in 2016. Most of the special product production equipment has already been transferred and is in use at other production facilities. All employees have been informed of the plans, and we have engaged with all employees to relocate internally where possible, and otherwise to support further education and transfer of skills to new professions. We believe that the plans have been well received by our employees due to the transparency of the shutdown procedure, combined with engagement and support from Paroc in assisting with the process.
We estimate the total cost of the transfer process to be approximately 7 million in capital expenditures and 1.3 million in operational expenditures from 2013 to 2016, with an estimated 9.0 million in demolition and land clearing costs. We have estimated that there will be productivity, labor efficiency and other incremental costs over the duration of the transfer period. One production line has been shut down from February 2014. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--Interruptions in operations at our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows' and "-- The closure of the Lappeenranta facility may result in greater costs or disruptions to our business than currently expected. "
Inter-segment sales
The Paroc Group conducts inter-segment sales among our divisions. The following chart illustrates the inter-segment sales among the divisions.
TI (Sales / Manufacturing)
