BI (Sales)
PPS (Sales / Manufacturing)
External Customers
The size and thickness of arrows in the chart illustratively denote the relative sizes of intra-segment and external sales, but are not to scale.
Competition
The main competition we face in the building insulation and technical insulation markets is from regional and global stone wool companies (including Rockwool) (that may also participate in the sandwich panel market) and regional and global multi-material companies (including Isover (Saint-Gobain), Knauf, Ursa
133
and TechnoNICOL). These markets tend to have larger, international participants due to the large level of investment needed. The main competition we face in the sandwich panels market is from facade manufacturers (including small, local companies as this market requires lower levels of investment) and global building materials producers and steel producers.
We also face competition from other insulation materials. Given the similarities in properties, application and production, the main competitor to stone wool is glass wool. Mineral wools (comprising stone wool and glass wool) typically do not materially overlap with foam insulation in building or technical insulation uses. However, there is a material area of overlap between mineral wool and foam insulation in external facades and roofs, as well as in sandwich panels, where mineral wool and foams are relatively more substitutable. In instances where mineral wool and foam insulation are relatively substitutable, we believe customers often prefer to use mineral wool products due to superior thermal insulation and fire safety properties, among others, as compared to foam products, which are often slightly lower cost and take up less space than mineral wool products. Within mineral wool, both stone wool and glass wool have their advantages and disadvantages. Stone wool is typically easier to install than glass wool and has superior properties for fire, heat and sound resistance. Stone wool also handles moisture slightly more effectively than glass wool insulation. However, low density glass wool insulation is easier to transport than stone wool due to better compressibility and is also cheaper than stone wool in low density insulation products. Typically, the choice of insulation used in construction activities between stone wool and glass wool varies by market and depends to a considerable degree on regional and local building traditions, exterior climate and applicable technical and legal construction requirements. For example, according to our estimates, stone wool has historically been the most frequently used building insulation material in the Nordic countries and the Baltic States, and according to our estimates substitution between insulation materials has generally been relatively limited overall in those markets in recent years. Also see ``Industry."
