and TechnoNICOL). These markets tend to have larger, international participants due to the large level of investment needed. The main competition we face in the sandwich panels market is from facade manufacturers (including small, local companies as this market requires lower levels of investment) and global building materials producers and steel producers.
The building insulation market is characterized by consolidated local markets with a larger variance in building habits, norms and product use between neighboring countries than in the technical insulation or sandwich panels markets, limited product transportability with a fragmented customer base, with products sold through direct sales and dealer sales. Price sensitivity depends on the tier (i.e., quality) of the product offering, and we operate in the higher tiers. The technical insulation market is characterized by consolidated regional markets, with a relatively price insensitive, highly fragmented customer base, and products sold through direct sales to contractors and manufacturers and dealer sales. The sandwich panels market is characterized by more consolidated and more national markets (although more fragmented in central Europe), a higher level of imports than in the BI or TI markets, with the majority of sales to specialist contractors (low price sensitivity) and a plurality to primary contractors (higher price sensitivity).
We believe that we differentiate ourselves with a premium, high-quality product, supported by a full-service sales and technical support offering. We target niche segments for growth where demand is strong for our high-specification products, such as Norway (BI flexible slabs and TI products for the oil and gas industry); Germany (BI slabs and TI HVAC/industrial processes); and Russia (high-value TI pipe sections for the power and gas sectors).
Research and Development
We consider innovation to be among the key factors for the further development of our product offerings and brands. Our research and development activities primarily aim to add innovative functions and applications to our products and optimize the quality and complementary nature of our product portfolio and application services, particularly in core areas to enable improved energy efficiency, product properties and sustainability and production processes. We are working to change Paroc to be both more innovative internally (through the development and use of new technologies and new ways of operating as an organization), and innovative in product development (through the development of new products and services to meet the needs of our customers and the development of new products based on our perception of potential needs in the market). Our divisions work together to create new innovative solutions (for example the collaboration between PPS and BI and the collaboration between Base Production and BI, both to develop new products).
The core production machinery and technology that we use in our production process is proprietary and developed in-house. Our Base Production R&D is responsible for research and development related to stone wool properties and production technology, and is located in Parainen, Finland. Base production R&D focuses on four main areas: raw materials (quality and cost-efficiency of internal and external stone raw materials), process development (the development of Paroc technology, especially core technology
134
areas), binder and product properties (product development for the sales division, fiber properties and binder-related development) and R&D laboratory (supporting plants in quality assurance, as well as supporting development projects with in-depth support on production technology and/or stone wool properties and the development of new analysis and quality assurance methods). TI R&D is responsible for product development, with a focus on developing new products and solutions mainly for its end-user markets. BI R&D is responsible for maintaining and developing its products, solutions and service range by identifying and prioritizing customer needs and coordinating those needs with Base Production capabilities as well as with TI production for roof and acoustic insulation products. In PPS, the focus is on product and application development, for example for new services, new features, new specification and new certifications based on our perception of potential needs in the market, requests from customers for new services and requests from architects and others for new features of PPS products.
We receive certain subsidies from the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation for research and development financing of certain R&D projects.
