areas), binder and product properties (product development for the sales division, fiber properties and binder-related development) and R&D laboratory (supporting plants in quality assurance, as well as supporting development projects with in-depth support on production technology and/or stone wool properties and the development of new analysis and quality assurance methods). TI R&D is responsible for product development, with a focus on developing new products and solutions mainly for its end-user markets. BI R&D is responsible for maintaining and developing its products, solutions and service range by identifying and prioritizing customer needs and coordinating those needs with Base Production capabilities as well as with TI production for roof and acoustic insulation products. In PPS, the focus is on product and application development, for example for new services, new features, new specification and new certifications based on our perception of potential needs in the market, requests from customers for new services and requests from architects and others for new features of PPS products.
Total research and development expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2013 were 6.3 million and for the year ended December 31, 2012 were 6.9 million.
Cost-management
We have a well-defined set of ``operational excellence" initiatives which aim to continue to deliver significant savings in the medium term. We anticipate that these savings will primarily come from our Base Production division, with one of the key sources of cost reduction expected to be energy efficiency measures, specifically by reducing energy consumption throughout the production process. We intend to continue to manage our cost base effectively and generate margin enhancement through operational leverage (through overhead dilution and the benefits of higher capacity utilization on production costs) as we grow our volumes. A particular focus is on increasing energy efficiency. There is no assurance that we will be able to deliver all of our expected cost-savings. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry-- We may not realize any or all of our anticipated cost savings and productivity and efficiency gains with respect to our cost savings programs."
Information Technology
Business critical IT has been consolidated at the Group level, but consolidation is ongoing for non-business critical IT. We currently have 35 business core applications. Our key applications include our main platform, the Enterprise Resource Planning solution provided by IFS. Other important applications are provided by Modultek, Oracle, Tieto and Syncron Tech.
Intellectual Property
We currently own 332 registered trademarks and 513 registered patents (and patent applications) worldwide. Our most important patents focus on the production of mineral wool, including raw material mix, the methods and process of mineral wool manufacturing and related equipment. Our proprietary technology differentiates our products, and we focus on developing and protecting intellectual property as part of our drive for innovation.
The majority of our material intellectual property rights are currently held on a "central" basis by Paroc Oy Ab (with some less material intellectual property rights held by other Paroc Group companies). Paroc Oy Ab then licenses the other Paroc Group companies to use the Paroc Group intellectual property. We recently completed a reorganization of our intellectual property arrangements, which has resulted in our material intellectual property being held by Paroc Group Oy. We have in the past licensed our proprietary technology (including associated patents) to third parties, including to some of our competitors; however, this practice has ended (although some of the licensing agreements entered into in the past are still in place), and we do not plan on entering into any new licensing agreements in the future. We have not entered into any licensing agreements regarding intellectual property rights, either as licensor or as licensee, that are material to our business.
