REACH was implemented to increase the protection of human health and the environment through measures designed to improve the safe use of chemical substances. REACH requires companies that put chemical substances on the EU market to secure the safe use of such chemicals. REACH requires that, unless exempt, all chemicals and substances manufactured, imported, or used within the EU must be registered with the European Chemicals Agency (``ECHA").
EU Directive on Industrial Emissions ("IED")
The goal of the IED is to reduce pollution resulting from industrial activities through the establishment of a general framework for the control of industrial activities, including a "polluter pays" principle.
Sweden implemented the IED in 2013. Our Hällekis and Hässleholm facilities will be required to conduct baseline studies to evaluate soil and groundwater contamination by 2016 or in connection with the application for an environmental permit application or an amendment to an existing permit. Skovde is exempt from environmental permitting. In Finland, the IED is to be incorporated into Finnish law by a revision of the Finnish Environmental Protection Act expected to enter into force during 2014, after which the obligation to perform baseline studies will apply to all of our Finnish facilities. Lappeenranta, which will shut down operations in 2016, is already required to conduct a baseline report on soil contamination by the end of October 2015. In Poland, the implementation process has been delayed and is expected to be completed during 2014, after which the obligation to perform baseline studies will apply to our Polish facilities as well. However, in Poland the first baseline report will have to be prepared not for the first IED implementation-related adjustment of our IPPC permit (to be performed within 3 months after entry into force of the implementing legislative amendment), but rather for any subsequent change of the IPPC permit. In Lithuania, it is currently unclear precisely when the IED will be implemented, although under a plan agreed by the European Commissions and the Lithuanian government implementation is currently expected to take place between January 1, 2016 and June 30, 2020. We also anticipate that certain of our facilities (namely Haässleholm, Oulu and Parainen) will need to make certain IED-related improvements in order to remain compliant with ``best available techniques" requirements under the directive by April 2016, which may require significant capital expenditures--more specifically, we currently expect to expend approximately 0.7 million on such improvements at our Oulu facility, and 2.6 million on such improvements at our Parainen facility. No such material expenditures are currently anticipated at our Haässleholm facility, though if planned actions to tune production and raw material parameters are not successful, it is possible that we may be required to invest approximately 0.7 million on IED-related improvements.
See ``Regulation" for more information on EU-wide regulations, as well as information on national environmental law.
Employees
The following table sets forth information on the number of our employees by business unit and function reported as of December 31, 2012 and 2013.
Base Production . . Building Insulation Technical Insulation Panel System......... Russian operations Administrative. . . . Total .....................
As of December 31,
