Base Production . . Building Insulation Technical Insulation Panel System......... Russian operations Administrative. . . . Total .....................
2012 2013
1103 1150 138 123 461 407 124 102 -- 145 138 132 1964 2059
138
We have not suffered any material work stoppages or strikes in recent years, and we consider relations with our employees, works councils and unions to be satisfactory. As of December 31, 2013, we estimate that in Finland, approximately 98% of our blue collar and 85% of our white collar employees were represented by labor unions, in Sweden, approximately 95% of our blue collar and 75% of our white collar employees were represented by labor unions, in Poland, approximately 40% of our blue collar and 20% of our white collar employees were represented by labor unions and in Lithuania, 15% of our blue collar employees were represented by labor unions. These unionization percentages are not uncommon in the respective jurisdictions. There is currently no unionization at our Russian facility. There are collective bargaining agreements in place in Finland, Sweden and Lithuania. In Poland, we have a set of "Regulations" related to, for example, remuneration which have been drafted according to the Polish Labor Code, issued by Paroc Polska Sp. z o.o. and approved by the trade unions active in Paroc Polska Sp. z o.o.
We operate a number of pension schemes following local regulation and practice in each country in which we operate. These pension schemes are classified as either defined benefit plans or defined contribution plans. In Finland, employees are insured in accordance with the Employees' Pension Act. The earningsrelated pension provision is handled by pension insurance companies and it is classified as a defined contribution plan. Statutory earnings-related pension insurance provides security in case of old age, disability and death of the family provider. The earnings-related benefits also include rehabilitation. Top management located in Finland and Sweden has individual voluntary pension plans. These plans entitle a pension at the age of 62. The plan was changed in 2010 so that it is classified as a defined contribution plan. The old defined benefit plan in Finland has been terminated.
As part of the Finnish statutory defined-benefit pension scheme, there has been a system of registered supplementary pensions that was created to supplement the statutory pension scheme. The registered supplementary pension system was closed to new insureds in 2001, but approximately 90 of our employees are still covered by this scheme. However, due to legislative changes, such schemes will have to be discontinued by the year 2016. We may therefore be obligated to agree on a new pension arrangement with the employees who have not yet retired but are within the scheme by, for example, taking out a group life insurance policy for the relevant employee. Upon the occurrence of certain conditions the employer may pay a lump-sum payment. Depending on the arrangements chosen, such a change may cause additional costs to us in the form of several lump-sum payments or increased insurance costs.
Apart from the statutory old age pension, the main pension schemes operated in Sweden are pension obligations derived from the applicable collective bargaining agreements. For blue collar employees the SAF/LO pension scheme applies with pension premiums paid to Fora and for white collar employees the ITP pension plan applies with pension premiums paid to Collectum/Alecta. It should be noted that pension obligations in relation to white collar employees under the ITP pension plan up to and including March 1994 is primarily a PRI solution. A PRI solution enables a company to retain the pension capital within the company. Under the PRI plan, the company makes an annual provision in its balance sheet corresponding to the value of accrued pension entitlements. The current pension obligations are both defined benefit and defined contribution plans depending on the age of the employee and the applicable collective agreement. A couple of key employees are entitled to an additional pension arrangement. The employees are under the collective bargaining agreements covered by certain collectively agreed insurances such as work injury insurance and group life insurance. The old pension liability in Sweden for white collar employees is still accounted for as a defined benefit plan in the financial statements (retirement obligation up to March 31, 1994). The current pension plan (for white collar employees) has been accounted for as a defined contribution plan in our financial statements included herein.
In Lithuania, pension premiums are paid in every salary payment as a percentage of gross salary. These pensions are funded by the state social insurance fund and treated as defined contribution plans. In Poland, there is a mandatory social security system, the payments for which are made monthly on the basis of actual value of salaries paid during the month and which is effectively treated as a defined contribution plan. In other countries the pension arrangements are done in accordance with the local legislation and practice and they are treated as defined contribution plans. In Russia we are subject to mandatory pension and other social contributions.
