We own three properties in Sweden, including three tracts of land for industrial purposes (relating to the Hällekis and Hässleholm production sites). We also lease certain other properties, including for industrial purposes, landfill sites, office space and storage space. We also lease the property and buildings for our Skovde production plant.
We own two land plots, and have a perpetual usufruct right (an ownership right limited in time (maximum period is 99 years, subject to further extension) over 10 land plots, all of which are in Trzemeszno, Poland. The land subject to the perpetual usufruct right is owned by the State Treasury or pertinent municipality, while the structures and buildings located thereon are owned by the perpetual usufructuary). These rights are generally scheduled to expire in 2089, unless extended. We also lease office premises in Poland.
Lithuania
We own 10 properties in Lithuania, all of which are in Vilnius. These properties include buildings on the site of the Vilnius production plant, although the land on which those buildings are situated is leased to us by the Republic of Lithuania. We also lease certain other properties, including a storage yard.
Russia
We own our production facility located in Tver, Russia, including several land plots. We also lease land in Tver (for a landfill) and office premises in Moscow, St. Petersburg and Samara.
Insurance
We have obtained property, business interruption, public and products liability, directors' and officers' and other insurance coverage, to the extent we believe necessary, to operate our business. We believe our liability insurance is sufficient to meet our needs in light of potential future litigation and claims asserted against us. For certain risks that we believe are minor, we are self-insured and have, when deemed commercially reasonable, insurance policies with deductibles. We are not insured against financial liabilities arising from soil, water and other forms of contamination. We regularly review our insurance program together with our insurance broker. We cannot guarantee, however, that we will not incur losses beyond the limits or outside the coverage of our insurance policies. In addition, longer interruptions of business in one or more of our plants can, even if insured, result in loss of sales, profit, customers and market share.
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
