We have obtained property, business interruption, public and products liability, directors' and officers' and other insurance coverage, to the extent we believe necessary, to operate our business. We believe our liability insurance is sufficient to meet our needs in light of potential future litigation and claims asserted against us. For certain risks that we believe are minor, we are self-insured and have, when deemed commercially reasonable, insurance policies with deductibles. We are not insured against financial liabilities arising from soil, water and other forms of contamination. We regularly review our insurance program together with our insurance broker. We cannot guarantee, however, that we will not incur losses beyond the limits or outside the coverage of our insurance policies. In addition, longer interruptions of business in one or more of our plants can, even if insured, result in loss of sales, profit, customers and market share.
Litigation
We are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Other than as described below under "--Tax dispute related to transferpricing, write-downs of intragroup loans and VAT" we are not currently involved in any legal proceedings nor are we aware of any threatened claims against us which we expect to have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
Tax dispute related to transfer pricing, write-downs of intragroup loans and VAT
There is an open case with regard to transfer pricing practices at Paroc Oy Ab during 2006-2008. The Finnish tax authorities have made a tax reassessment concerning years 2006-2008, and based on tax decisions rendered in 2012 and 2013, Paroc Oy Ab would be required to pay in 22.3 million in taxes, penalties and interest. The amount includes 14.1 million of taxes, 2.3 million of surtax and 5.9 million of accrued corporate interest and penalty interest (through December 31, 2013). Paroc Oy Ab has a different view of the transfer pricing of the Group's intra-group supply of raw materials, license fees and distributor services than the tax authorities and in February 2013, Paroc Oy Ab filed an appeal against the tax reassessment with the Board of Appeals. The company has been granted an interdiction of payment
140
related to the reassessed tax payments. This interdiction of payment is in force until the earlier of such time when the Board of Appeals renders a decision on the matter or January 31, 2015. If the appeal is lost, Paroc Oy Ab will be obligated to pay the taxes, penalties and interest, absent any successful subsequent appeal by us. The Group has not made a provision in the 2013 financial statements since management believes, supported by external legal advice that all transfer pricing guidelines have been followed and the same method has been followed from 2009 to 2013. If Paroc Oy Ab loses the appeal and any subsequent appeals, it may be required to pay additional taxes, penalties and interest for the period from 2009 to 2013. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--We are subject to risks from legal proceedings."
In addition to the appeal to the Board of Appeals, we have also made protective applications for a Mutual Agreement Procedure ("MAP"). A MAP provides for a corresponding adjustment to be agreed in another jurisdiction when a transfer pricing adjustment is applied, so that it is not a one-sided adjustment (i.e., additional income in Finland would have resulted in reduced profits in the corresponding group entity, based in another territory). A MAP does not cover surtaxes and interests. Due to, for example, differences in tax rates and tax positions of the relevant affiliated entities, part of the additional taxes payable in Finland cannot be recovered through a MAP. We have filed an application for a MAP with the relevant authorities in Poland, Sweden, Lithuania, Estonia, Denmark, Germany and Latvia (all based on the EU Arbitration Convention), and with the relevant authorities in Russia and Norway (based on tax treaties). MAP procedures can take a considerable amount of time; MAP negotiations based on the EU Arbitration Convention are limited to two years, after which time the case is referred to the advisory commission for resolution within 12 months. For intra-EU MAP procedures, a decision is to be reached between the two relevant tax authorities, providing relief for any additional income that is assessed in Finland through the open tax case. The amount of tax recoverable through an intra-EU MAP is approximately 8-12.1 million. For MAP negotiations based on tax treaties, there is no set time frame or possibility to refer the case to an advisory commission in case the authorities do not reach a conclusion. The amount of tax recoverable through a tax treaty based MAP is approximately 2 million. The surtaxes and interest (8.2 million) cannot be recovered through a MAP. The Finnish Competent Authorities will not start the MAP negotiations in our case until the appeal process is complete.
In 2012, the Finnish tax authorities conducted an audit of Paroc Oy Ab's tax return in respect of the financial year ended December 31, 2011 and assessed 7.6 million of additional taxable income on the basis that a deduction had been incorrectly claimed on write-downs of intragroup loans. The authorities also imposed an additional penalty of 370,000, which we have paid. We have appealed this assessment and the penalty and as a result of the appeal the penalty imposed has been reduced to 800. The Finnish tax authorities have appealed the reduction of the penalty and we have appealed the assessment of additional income to the taxable income. The proceedings before the Administrative Court in relation to the matter are currently pending. If the Finnish tax authorities are successful in the pending proceedings before the Administrative Court, we will not receive a refund of the penalty amount paid by us absent any successful subsequent appeal by us. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--We are subject to risks from legal proceedings."
