In addition to the appeal to the Board of Appeals, we have also made protective applications for a Mutual Agreement Procedure ("MAP"). A MAP provides for a corresponding adjustment to be agreed in another jurisdiction when a transfer pricing adjustment is applied, so that it is not a one-sided adjustment (i.e., additional income in Finland would have resulted in reduced profits in the corresponding group entity, based in another territory). A MAP does not cover surtaxes and interests. Due to, for example, differences in tax rates and tax positions of the relevant affiliated entities, part of the additional taxes payable in Finland cannot be recovered through a MAP. We have filed an application for a MAP with the relevant authorities in Poland, Sweden, Lithuania, Estonia, Denmark, Germany and Latvia (all based on the EU Arbitration Convention), and with the relevant authorities in Russia and Norway (based on tax treaties). MAP procedures can take a considerable amount of time; MAP negotiations based on the EU Arbitration Convention are limited to two years, after which time the case is referred to the advisory commission for resolution within 12 months. For intra-EU MAP procedures, a decision is to be reached between the two relevant tax authorities, providing relief for any additional income that is assessed in Finland through the open tax case. The amount of tax recoverable through an intra-EU MAP is approximately 8-12.1 million. For MAP negotiations based on tax treaties, there is no set time frame or possibility to refer the case to an advisory commission in case the authorities do not reach a conclusion. The amount of tax recoverable through a tax treaty based MAP is approximately 2 million. The surtaxes and interest (8.2 million) cannot be recovered through a MAP. The Finnish Competent Authorities will not start the MAP negotiations in our case until the appeal process is complete.
We are also currently involved in a material dispute arising from our operations in Poland. In 2011, local authority sought to impose real property taxes for 2009 to 2011 in respect of an investment project at our Trzemeszno production facility in an amount totaling approximately PLN 2.2 million more than the amounts declared and paid by us for such taxes. To date we have been unsuccessful in disputing the imposition of these additional taxes in appeals to the Self-Government Appeal Court and Regional Administrative Court in Poznan. We are currently awaiting the outcome of a further appeal to the Supreme Administrative Court. While we await the outcome of our appeal, we have paid this additional tax amount, and have booked a tax receivable for which 100% of the provision is booked. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--We are subject to risks from legal proceedings."
We are also currently involved in a pending dispute with the Russian tax authorities in relation to the refusal by such authorities to permit ZAO Paroc to recover RUB 11.8 million (approximately 262,222) of VAT for the second quarter of 2013. ZAO Paroc expects to receive similar VAT recovery refusals for the third and fourth quarters of 2013 for the amount of RUB 9.2 million (approximately 204,444) and RUB 20 million (approximately 444,444), respectively. ZAO Paroc plans to settle this issue with the Russian tax authorities out-of-court by providing a revised tax return. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--Pending and future tax audits within our Group and changes in fiscal regulations or the interpretations thereof could lead to additional tax liabilities."
141
REGULATION
Overview
In all of the jurisdictions in which we operate we are subject to numerous laws, rules and regulations at national, state and municipal levels, particularly building, environmental and occupational health and safety laws, rules and regulations, as well as technical standards. At the European level, the regulatory environment of our business includes several EU directives and regulations, which are either implemented in the individual Member States through national legislation or apply directly. As our business primarily comprises the manufacturing of building materials, such as insulation materials and sandwich panel products, laws, rules and regulations and technical standards that affect our operations mostly relate to energy efficiency, raw material extraction, environmental protection (in particular, in relation to soil, ground and surface water contaminations and air emissions), recultivation, reclamation and renaturation, as well as occupational health and safety.
We expect that in almost all of the countries in which we do or intend to do business laws, rules and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, will over time become more comprehensive and stringent. We further expect that many environmental laws and regulations will be harmonized at the EU-level over the near- to medium-term. Further, the EU focus on raw materials supply may also result in new legislation targeting the extractive industry. Member States will, however, remain free to adopt laws and regulations that are more stringent than those required by the EU.
We are also required to obtain and maintain permits from governmental authorities for many of our operations, such as environmental permits, mining permits and emission permits. As the regulatory framework applicable to us is subject to revision and continuous development, it is very difficult to accurately predict the future cost of compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and technical standards. Additional or more stringent laws, rules, regulations and technical standards could increase our cost or limit our ability to continue our business operations in the same manner as we did in the past. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry--We are subject to numerous environmental, building, health and safety regulations, technical standards and other regulations."
