We expect that in almost all of the countries in which we do or intend to do business laws, rules and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, will over time become more comprehensive and stringent. We further expect that many environmental laws and regulations will be harmonized at the EU-level over the near- to medium-term. Further, the EU focus on raw materials supply may also result in new legislation targeting the extractive industry. Member States will, however, remain free to adopt laws and regulations that are more stringent than those required by the EU.
Finland
In Finland, we are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which include the Finnish Environmental Protection Act (86/2000, Ymparistonsuojelulaki), the Finnish Waste Act (646/2011, Jatelaki), the Finnish Chemicals Act (599/2013, Kemikaalilaki), the Finnish Mining Act (621/2011, Kaivoslaki) and the Act on Compensation for Environmental Damage (737/1994, Laki ymparistovahinkojen korvaamisesta). We must also comply with numerous workplace safety and accident prevention statutes, such as the Finnish Occupational Safety and Health Act (738/2002, Tyoturvallisuuslaki). We are also subject to EU and national legislation on technical approval and unified criteria for construction products.
Soil and Groundwater Contamination
In Finland, we are subject to several laws relating to the use and contamination of soil as well as ground and surface water.
For example, the Finnish Environmental Protection Act regulates emissions into the environment, including surface water. Emissions into soil and groundwater are as a rule prohibited. Operations that may change or alter surface water such as the water level or flow of a river require a water permit in accordance with the Finnish Water Act (587/2011, Vesilaki).
Adverse effects to the environment resulting from industrial operations may lead to financial responsibility for the remediation of contaminated soil or groundwater. This responsibility is based on the Finnish Environmental Protection Act and is imposed by the environmental authorities irrespective of possible contractual arrangements. A contaminated area must be restored to a condition in which it will not cause harm to health or the environment or represent a hazard to the environment. Either the party that has originally caused the contamination (even if not negligent) or the party currently in possession of the contaminated area (for example, the current owner or tenant) may be required to assess the need for remediation and take the necessary actions required by the authorities. If contamination of groundwater occurs or is discovered, the responsible party is usually subject to a comprehensive range of remediation obligations, which may be costly. In addition, in respect of environmental damage caused by operations carried out after June 1, 1995, a broad range of parties (including, for example, a parent company of the operator or equivalent of a facility) can be held strictly liable for such damage under the Act on Compensation for Environmental Damage (737/1994, Laki ymparistovahinkojen korvaamisesta).
The implementation of European Directive 2010/75/EC on industrial emissions (``IED Directive") in 2014 will put more focus on soil contamination monitoring and remediation levels in connection with
142
