Member States were required to implement the IED through national legislation by January 7, 2013. However, the implementation of the IED is currently ongoing in Finland. The IED is to be implemented by a revision of the Finnish Environmental Protection Act, which is ongoing, and the new act is expected to enter into force during 2014. The new act will replace and repeal the earlier Finnish Environmental Protection Act. Upon the entry into force of the new act, permit conditions will be required to be based upon the ``BAT conclusions'' set out in the BAT reference documents ("BREFs"). At that time, existing permits that are not in compliance with such standard will not be grandfathered in but will be adjusted with respect to the new standard. According to the current legislative draft of the Finnish Environmental Protection Act, the new BAT conclusions will be included in existing environmental permits through a permit review procedure and, as a general rule, implemented within four years from the publishing of the BREFs by the Commission.
Our Finnish facilities hold IPPC-type permits, which include restrictions on air emissions, wastewater discharges and noise. The air emissions, water discharges and pollution control requirements of the permits for our operations in Finland are based on BAT standards. These are defined in the BREFs of the IPPC Directive. We believe we are in material compliance with our permits and applicable environmental laws and regulations. However, due to forthcoming implementation of the IED, we may need to incur capital expenditures in order to upgrade our systems to remain compliant with BAT requirements. We have been, and will continue to be, required to incur significant capital expenditures and operating costs in order to maintain and upgrade our production sites and facilities to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits, and to obtain and maintain all necessary permits. We believe we will need to make certain IED-related improvements at our Oulu and Parainen facilities, which may require significant capital expenditures--we currently expect to expend approximately 0.7 million on such improvements at our Oulu facility, and 2.6 million on such improvements at our Parainen facility. In addition, we may be required to incur significant capital expenditures to upgrade production plants by installing or improving technical equipment in order to match the decreasing amount of free emissions allowances available in the EU Emission Trading System. The maximum quantity of emission allowances will be reduced each year. See ``--Climate Change Law--Emission Trading Law in the European Union."
Violations of the Finnish environmental laws could lead to substantial costs and liabilities, including civil liabilities and criminal fines and penalties. Environmental compliance is an increasingly important consideration in our businesses as the enforcement environment has become more stringent in the past years, and we expect to continue to incur significant capital expenditures and operational and maintenance costs for environmental compliance, including costs related to reductions in air emissions such as carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, wastewater discharges and solid and hazardous wastes. We closely monitor the potential for changes in pollution control laws and take actions with respect to our operations accordingly.
144
Waste
In Finland, we are subject to statutory provisions regarding waste management. These provisions may govern permissible methods of, and responsibility for, the generation, handling, possession, discharge and recycling of waste depending, among other things, on the dangers posed by the waste. In particular, the discharge of waste is often restricted to licensed facilities. In many European jurisdictions, plants must use licensed contractors for the disposal of hazardous or nonhazardous waste. Under the Finnish Waste Act (646/2011, Jatelaki) the producer and holder of waste are responsible for organizing waste management. This includes the obligation to see to the appropriate disposal of waste to landfills and waste processing facilities. Product manufacturers are also responsible for obligations regarding the waste management of packaging waste. In accordance with the Finnish Waste Act, all waste management should comply with the order of priority, meaning that waste should primarily be reused, and secondarily recycled. If these options are not available, the waste should be "recovered," for example as energy. Disposal of waste is to be considered as a "last resort." In accordance with the "polluter-pays" principle, the original producer of waste is also liable for the costs of the waste management. The waste holder's responsibility for organizing waste management is terminated and transferred to a new holder when the waste is delivered to a lawful consignee, for example a professional waste treatment facility. The operator of a landfill is responsible for the waste, as well as the environmental impacts of the landfill after the closure of the landfill. The operator is obligated to keep a record of waste if the activity generates at least 100 tons of waste per year, generates hazardous waste or is subject to an environmental permit. With regard to hazardous waste there are special regulations regarding the packaging, labeling, mixing, storage and transport. The waste management and treatment of waste is generally undertaken by professional waste management and treatment companies.
Due to our manufacturing and mining operations we generate, inter alia, dust waste, stone wool waste, stone waste, industrial waste, iron waste and household waste. We are currently reusing and recycling large amounts of our non-hazardous waste in our production. Our hazardous waste contains mainly of high fluoride concentration containing filter dust. The hazardous waste is mainly disposed of by authorized hazardous waste management and treatment companies. Non-hazardous waste is either disposed of at our own landfills or by contracted waste management companies. We are responsible for the environmental impacts of our operative and closed landfills. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable waste management laws and continuously attempt to reduce waste at our sites.
Hazardous Substances
Operators of facilities storing hazardous substances in large quantities are required to comply with safety standards set forth in Council Directive 96/82/EC on the control of major-accident hazards involving dangerous substances (the "Seveso II Directive") and the respective national implementing law. The Seveso II Directive has been implemented into national legislation by the Finnish Hazardous Chemicals and Explosives Safety Act (390/2005, Laki vaarallisten kemikaalien ja rajahteiden kasittelyn turvallisuudesta). The Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency (TUKES) considers our facilities in Oulu and Parainen to be Seveso II Directive facilities. This means that the municipal authority for planning and building is required to take the facilities into consideration when drafting land use plans and granting building permits in the vicinity of the facilities. The Seveso II Directive will be amended and replaced by Directive 2012/18/EU ("Seveso III Directive"), which must be transposed and implemented into national law by Member States by June 2015.
