We are not subject to statutory royalties. However, we have an obligation to pay fees to the landowners of the area covered by our mining permits. No such fees have to be paid in respect of those properties which we own within the mining area. With respect to payments regarding mining permits, the landowners of a mine site are entitled to an extraction fee, which must be paid annually. The fee consists of two parts: one part is a land area based fee (50 per hectare) and the other part is a variable fee, which is based on the amount of the extracted minerals and the reasonable value thereof. The latter part of the extraction fee is paid only once mining is commenced. Futhermore, we may be required to pay a byproduct fee, if such byproducts are sold by us for use outside the mining operations. The by-product fee must be reasonable and based on the value of the byproducts. The variable fee is either agreed with the landowners or the authority responsible for granting mining rights makes a decision on reasonable compensation for the extracted minerals, taking into account the factors affecting the value of such extracted minerals.
Health and Safety
In all of the jurisdictions in which we operate we must comply with applicable laws and regulations to protect employees against occupational injuries. Under such laws and regulations, employers typically must establish working conditions that effectively prevent dangers to employees. In particular, employers must observe certain medical and hygienic standards and comply with certain occupational health and safety requirements, such as permissible maximum levels for noise in the workplace, the use of personal protective equipment and requirements relating to maximum temperatures and air ventilation.
Corresponding requirements are found in the Finnish Occupational Safety and Health regulation. Our operations in Finland are regulated by the safety requirements set out in the Finnish Occupational Safety and Health Act (738/2002, Tyoturvallisuuslaki). As employers we are required to take care of the safety and health of our employees. As the employer we have a duty to establish an occupational safety and health policy in order to promote safety and health issues. We are also required to assess the hazards and risk factors caused by the work, the premises and other working conditions and eliminate such risks. In order to comply with the applicable requirements, we regularly conduct training and medical examinations and implement and monitor safety measures. If we detect any unsafe condition in one of our sites, local management is authorized to act without further permission, up to certain defined expenditure limits.
Asbestos Containing Material (ACM)
In Finland, the use of asbestos containing materials ("ACMs") was partly prohibited in 1977 and completely banned in 1994 due to the negative health effects associated with asbestos dust. Asbestos containing articles are prohibited in general by the EU REACH regulation (No 1907/2006). There are some exceptions from the general prohibition regarding, among others, existing building structures and parts of structures containing asbestos, which are permitted until they are disposed of or reach the end of their service life. Hence, in Finland, there is no explicit legal obligation to remove ACMs in structures unless their condition and presence is such that the ACMs are considered to be hazardous to health. Currently, ACMs are not considered to constitute a health risk when found in intact materials which are in normal use. Modification and demolition work of ACMs include special obligations on safety as regulated by law.
We are aware that ACMs exist at some or all of our Finnish sites, especially in our older facilities and structures. We are not aware of any enquiries by the occupational safety and health authorities relating to any asbestos issues at the Finnish facilities, and our internal policy in Finland is that an asbestos assessment is performed before any modification or renovation work is undertaken at the facilities. During the closure of our Lappeenranta site, special asbestos demolition work might be required due to ACMs, which is likely
147
to cause additional demolition costs. We may be subject to similar demolition or abatement costs in connection with closure or construction activities at our sites in the future.
