147
We have not been engaged in any manufacturing or other operational business activities regarding products containing asbestos, but products containing asbestos have historically been manufactured at the Finnish sites by earlier operators, including the former owner of a business we acquired through a business transfer in 1998. In Finland, the Product Liability Act (696/1990, Tuoteturvallisuuslaki) sets out strict liability (i.e., liability without regard to fault) for products manufactured on or after the Product Liability Act entered into force on September 1, 1991. However, liability for damages caused by products before the Product Liability Act entered into force would generally require culpability (intent or negligence). The asbestos containing products were manufactured before asbestos prohibitions were introduced and before the enactment of the Product Liability Act. We are not aware of any claims for compensation regarding liability for asbestos containing products produced by preceding entities.
In addition, asbestos related diseases incurred by employees are compensated by Statutory Worker's Compensation Insurance. An employee may claim damages only for the amount of lost salary and other damages that are not covered by the insurance. Pursuant to the Act on the Finnish National Register on Occupational Exposure to Carcinogens (717/2001, Laki syopasairauden vaaraa aiheuttaville aineille ja menetelmille ammatissaan altistuvien rekisterista) the employer is responsible for notifying the Finnish National Register on Occupational Exposure to Carcinogens, which was established in 1979, of employees that have been exposed to certain substances, such as asbestos. A small number of current and former employees of the Finnish Group companies and their predecessor entities, including five of our current employees, have probably worked in the past under circumstances that exposed them to asbestos containing materials associated with the activities conducted by certain of our predecessor entities. However, none of our employees are registered on the register in question. Discussions regarding this matter are ongoing with the Finnish Occupational Safety and Health Administration. We currently intend to file a notification with the Finnish Occupational Safety and Health Administration's National Register of the relevant current employees, and those former employees of our predecessor entities that probably worked in the past (but only since 1979) under circumstances that exposed them to asbestos containing materials. The Finnish Occupational Safety and Health Administration is already, based on our earlier communications, aware of this matter in relation to the five current employees. No claims by such employees, insurers or other parties have to date been made or threatened under the Statutory Worker's Compensation Insurance scheme or otherwise, and we do not currently anticipate any such claims.
Regulation of Chemicals
The European Union requires control of the use of chemical products within the European Union, requiring all affected industries to ensure and demonstrate the safe manufacture, use and disposal of chemicals. The Regulation (EC) No. 1907/2006 on Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals ("REACH"), which came into force in 2007, requires the registration of all chemicals manufactured in, or imported into, the EU in quantities of more than one tonne per annum with the European Chemicals Agency ("ECHA"). The import or manufacture of certain so-called highly hazardous chemicals must be authorized by ECHA. REACH requires formal documentation of the relevant data required for hazard assessments for each substance registered as well as development of risk assessments for their registered uses. Under certain circumstances, the performance of a chemical safety assessment is mandatory and a chemical safety report ("CSR") assuring the safe use of the substance must be submitted. If there is no pre-registration of a substance, it is impermissible to produce such chemical in the EU or to import it (i.e., "no data no market'' principle). Therefore, registration is vital for the future use of any substance used in technically important processes by manufacturers or importers. The data by importers or manufacturers is collected in substance information exchange forums ("SlEF"), to allow a vital exchange among producers and users of chemicals. Therefore, purchasers of registered chemicals must inform their sellers about the intended use of the chemicals, as the importer or producer must add this information to its documentation.
Furthermore, REACH contains prohibitions on bringing substances to market that have been identified as substances of very high concern. If necessary, raw materials or their manufactured substances will be listed on the so-called candidate list or on Annex XIV to REACH which may mean a full ban or requirement for authorization, which may or may not be granted by the European Commission. In addition, REACH was accompanied by legislation providing for a comprehensive system on the classification, labeling and packaging of substances and mixtures (CLP Regulation and related European legislation).
We produce considerable quantities of loose wool, slabs, mats, rolls, bats, etc., which contain substances that are subject REACH. We believe that we have fulfilled our obligations under the relevant SIEF of the ECHA. Our registrations have been finalized on time and their completeness has been confirmed by ECHA. None of our products is affected by substances of very high concern.
148
National regulations on chemicals may impose further obligations on producers, processors and handlers of chemical agents. We are subject to various notification and labeling requirements and have to comply with certain safety obligations arising, for example, under the Finnish Chemicals Act (599/2013, Kemikaalilaki) and the Finnish Chemicals Safety Act (390/2005, Laki vaarallisten kemikaalien ja rajahteiden kdsittelyn turvallisuudesta), which mainly reflects and accompanies REACH at the national level, but also establishes national requirements.
