148
Technical Approvals for Construction Products
As we manufacture building materials, the regulation on constructions products is relevant to our activities. In Finland, the manufacture and sale of construction materials is subject to technical regulations and approval requirements.
To establish that particular construction materials conform to the relevant technical approvals, in many jurisdictions manufacturers must implement and document a factory production control system. Moreover, applicable law may require an initial type testing of the construction product to be performed by an authorized body. In addition, applicable law frequently requires that the competent organization maintain a continuous surveillance, assessment and approval of the construction products. If construction materials that do not comply with applicable regulations have been used in a building, applicable law in many jurisdictions may require such buildings to be upgraded, reconstructed or even demolished.
The European Construction Products Regulation (No 305/2011) (the ``EU Construction Regulation") provides the EU-level framework for the approvals and unified criteria for construction products. The fact that a product fulfills these criteria is shown through the ``CE'' marking, which became obligatory for most construction products in 2013 through the new EU Construction Regulation. All products that belong under a harmonized European standard ("hEN") adopted by the European Committee for Standardization must be CE marked for commercialization. For example, there are harmonized European standards regarding mineral wool products. The European NLF Regulation (Decision 768/2008/EC on a common framework for the marketing of products) forms the general basis for the legislation governing the CE marking. The Finnish municipal building supervision authority monitors the use of CE-marked building materials in Finland and reports possible flaws to TUKES that acts as the market surveillance authority in accordance with the European Construction Products Regulation.
The EU Construction Regulation also has provisions on the granting of European technical assessments (``ETAs") for construction materials that are not under a harmonized European standard, in order to allow them to be distributed within the EU with the CE marking. Acquiring an ETA for a product is voluntary. The basic requirements of construction products listed in the EU Construction Regulation form a basis for the drafting of both harmonized European standards and ETAs. The technical assessment body granting ETAs in Finland is VTT Expert Services Ltd.
In addition to assessment mechanisms for construction materials based on ETAs, other approval mechanisms are also in use in Finland. There is a national approval procedure for construction products which are not under any harmonized product standard and which do not have ETA and thus cannot be CE marked. The purpose of the national approval procedure is to determine whether a product fulfills the substantial technical requirements imposed on construction products by the Finnish Land Use and Building Act (the ``LBA", 132/1999). The procedure is governed by the Finnish Act on the Product Approval of Certain Construction Products (954/2012) and by the related Decree (555/2013). The acceptability of construction products can be verified by VTT Expert Services Ltd, by way of either type approval, verification certificate or manufacture quality control, depending on the product. These procedures are voluntary, but if no verification procedure has been conducted, the municipal building supervision authority may require verification for the construction materials used on a construction site.
Most of our construction products are under harmonized product standards and are hence CE marked. Some of our products are certified in the Finnish procedure. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable EU and Finnish legislation on construction materials.
Climate Change Law
