For the second trading period under the ETS (2008 through 2012), national allocation plans were implemented in all Member States. The total volume of emission allowances was reduced by 6.5% for the second period compared with the 2005 level. In addition, the overall availability of emission allowances allocated free of charge during the second trading period was reduced. However, due to the recent economic downturn, emissions were reduced, and demand for allowances was also reduced. This led to a surplus of unused allowances, which affected the carbon price throughout the second trading period.
The full auctioning of emissions is undertaken progressively for the manufacturing industry. The quantities of emission allowances allocated free of charge will generally be reduced from 80% in 2013 to 30% in 2020 and to 0% in 2027. As a result, affected companies whose emissions exceed their emission allowances will from 2013 onwards have to purchase a significant, and steadily increasing, share of emission allowances in auctions or otherwise from the market, which will result in substantial additional cost for such companies. The amount of emission allowances allocated free of charge for each installation will be determined, in part, by an adjusting factor (a so-called ``benchmark value'') that will be based on the 10% most energyefficient installations in the particular industry.
Finland is a party to the Kyoto Protocol both individually and as a part of the EU. As a member of the EU, Finland has implemented the Emissions Trading Directive through the Finnish Emissions Trading Act (311/2011, Pddstokauppalaki), which means that most sectors of heavy industry are subject to the EU ETS. About 600 facilities in Finland are currently subject to the EU ETS. Due to amendment of the Emission Trading Directive in 2009, mineral wool insulation material producing facilities using glass, rock or slag with a melting capacity exceeding 20 tonnes per day was included in the activities subject to the EU ETS. A corresponding amendment was added to the Finnish Emissions Trading Act. The amendments entered into force in 2013 and apply to the third emissions trading period. The Finnish Energy Authority (Energiavirasto) is responsible for maintaining a register that controls the registration, ownership, transferring and annulment of allowances in Finland. A facility that is subject to the EU ETS is required to apply for an emissions permit from the Finnish Energy Authority to be allowed to emit greenhouse gases to the atmosphere.
Our base operations in Parainen and our operations in Lappeenranta and Oulu are subject to the EU ETS. Our panel system operations in Parainen are not subject to the EU ETS because the thermal output power of the site's boiler does not exceed 20 MW. The sites in Parainen and Lappeenranta began to participate in the EU ETS during the second ETS period from 2008 to 2012 as combustion plants (thermal output more than 20 MW). Since the beginning of the third ETS period (2013-2020), production of mineral wool from rock has been included as an industry in the EU ETS if the melting capacity is at least 20 tonnes per day. The base operations in Parainen and our operations in Lappeenranta and Oulu are also considered subject to the EU ETS in accordance with this provision. Correspondingly, we have been granted three emissions permits by the Finnish Energy Authority.
150
In order to address the competitiveness of industries subject to the EU ETS, certain energy-intensive industries which are exposed to a significant risk of relocation of plants to countries with less stringent climate protection laws (a phenomenon known as ``carbon leakage'') will receive more free allowances. The European Commission will determine every five years which industries are threatened by carbon leakage. The designated industries will be allocated emission allowances free of charge for the period determined. The quantity of emission allowances allocated for free is determined based on certain benchmarks. These benchmarks are set in accordance with the most efficient production methods in a particular industry. The next determination on the carbon leakage status by the European Commission will be made in 2014 and apply from 2015 to 2019.
Our mineral wool production operations fall under the European Parliament and Council decision (2010/2/EU) determining a list of sectors and subsectors which are deemed to be exposed to a significant risk of carbon leakage. The sites have therefore been entitled to receive free allowances. The first carbon leakage list was adopted in 2009 and is applicable for the free allocation of allowances in 2013 and 2014. Although the mineral wool sector has again been specified as a sector deemed to be exposed to a significant risk of carbon leakage in the draft European Commission decision published on May 5, 2014 regarding the 2015-2019 carbon leakage list, there is no guarantee that the sector will be included in the list ultimately adopted by the European Commission following scrutiny by the EU Climate Change Committee, the European Parliament and the Council. There is also no certainty that the mineral wool sector will be considered to be threatened by carbon leakage at the time of any subsequent revision of the carbon leakage list. If the European Commission held that no such threat of carbon leakage exists in 2014 or at the time of any later revision, the regular emissions reduction scheme would also apply to our facilities. The allocation of free emissions allowances would be reduced from 80% in 2013 to 30% in 2020 on a linear basis. In this case, our mineral wool business would be required to participate in the auctioning system and purchase emission allowances in the amount required for production purposes, which could result in material cost to us.
On February 27, 2014, the Commission Regulation No 176/2014 amending Regulation No 1031/2010 entered into force. The new regulation altered the previously determined volumes of emissions allowances to be auctioned in 2013-20. In accordance with the new regulation, the Commission is postponing the auctioning of 900 million emissions allowances from 2014 to 2016 until 2019-2020 to allow the demand to pick up ("Back-loading"). The Back-loading does not affect the overall volume of emissions allowances to be auctioned in the third trading period--it only affects the distribution of auction volumes over the period. In accordance with the new regulation, allowances are reduced by 400 million in 2014, 300 million in 2015 and 200 million in 2016. Emissions allowances to be auctioned are correspondingly increased by 300 million in 2019 and 600 million in 2020.
All of our Finnish sites subject to the EU ETS have been granted the appropriate emissions permits by the Finnish Energy Authority and the required monitoring of emissions has been appropriately conducted and reported to the relevant authorities. We believe that we are in compliance with the emissions trading legislation. We may, however, be required to incur significant capital expenditures to upgrade our facilities in the future to comply with the maximum emission levels. The price trend of emission allowances may also have a significant adverse effect on our business.
