In Sweden, we are primarily subject to the provisions in the Swedish Environmental Code (Sw. miljöbalken 1998:808) and related ordinances and regulations, for example, the Environmental Proceedings Ordinance (Sw. Miljöprövningsförördningen 2013:251). See "--Finland'' above for information on European-wide regulations. The Swedish Environmental Code includes provisions regarding matters such as environmental permits, environmental liability and handling of chemicals and waste.
In Sweden, the person who carries out an activity which causes contamination (the "öperatör") is primarily liable for remedial actions, i.e. investigations and remediation. If contamination was caused by several operators, they are jointly and severally liable and the supervisory authorities are free to request remediation from any of the liable operators. If no operator can be made liable, the purchaser of real property may be liable if she/he knew or should have known about the contamination at the time of the acquisition and the purchase was made after December 31, 1998. Regardless of the owner's liability regarding remediation, the owner of the real property may be liable for the part of the costs for the remediation which are proportionate to the increase in value of the real property after remediation is carried out. The liability for contamination in Sweden is not limited in time. Although we believe that we are generally in compliance with our legal obligations at our Swedish sites, groundwater contamination has been detected at our Hässleholm site, and additional contamination of soil and groundwater may be discovered at these or other sites in the future. Such discovery of previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of new obligations to investigate or remediate soil or groundwater contamination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation.
In Sweden, the IED Directive primarily was implemented through the Industrial Emissions Ordinance (Sw. Industriutsläppsförördningen 2013:250). Our Hällekis and Hässleholm facilities in Sweden will be required to conduct baseline studies to evaluate soil and groundwater contamination by 2016 or in connection will the application for an environmental permit application or an amendment to an existing permit. We believe that our Hässleholm site will need to make IED improvements.
Emissions and Environmental Permits
In Sweden, an operational permit is issued pursuant to the Swedish Environmental Code (Sw. miljöbalken 1998:808). Such permit includes both production limits and precautionary conditions, for example, regarding emissions to air and water as well as the handling of waste and chemicals. Normally, a permit issued pursuant to the Swedish Environmental Code is not limited in time. However, the Swedish Environmental Code contains provisions which establish a possibility for the permitting or supervisory authorities to request withdrawal or updates of valid environmental permits. Our Haässleholm plant is expected to renew its environmental permit by the end of 2014. Non-compliance with a permit condition issued pursuant to the Swedish Environmental Code may result in a penalty or imprisonment. A new or amended permit must be applied for if the stipulated production limits are planned to be exceeded. New or amended environmental permits are likely to include more stringent permit conditions.
In Sweden, the emission limits stipulated pursuant to the provisions in the IED Directive will not adjust the existing permit provisions, but will apply to the operations in parallel with existing environmental permit conditions. We believe that our Haässleholm site will need to make IED improvements in order to comply with BAT standards, which may require significant capital expenditures.
152
Waste
In Sweden, the handling of waste is primarily regulated by the Swedish Environmental Code and the Waste Ordinance (Sw. avfallsförordningen 2011:927). However, as regards an operation required to hold an environmental permit, parts of the waste management of such an operation are often governed by conditions regarding waste handling contained in the environmental permit. The Swedish Environmental Code and the Waste Ordinance also includes specific relevant provisions regarding sorting, transport, handling of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, and documentation.
