Lithuania
Soil and Groundwater Contamination
Operations in Lithuania that produce emissions into the environment, including surface water, are regulated by the Lithuanian Environmental Protection Act (I-2223, Aplinkos apsaugos istatymas), Water Act (VIII-474, Vandens istatymas), Drinking Water Supply and Waste Water Management Act (X-764, Geriamojo vandens tiekimo ir nuoteku tvarkymo istatymas) and Act on Subsoil Resources (I-1034, Zemes gelmiu istatymas). Such operations are subject to an environmental permit. In accordance with the Water Act, the operations that may change or alter bodies of water and wetlands as well as water level require an environmental impact assessment in accordance with requirements defined by the Order of the Minister of Environment.
When using water resources and bodies of water directly for industrial and economic purposes, the operator is required to observe thresholds set for the use of water and technological norms and rules and conditions aimed at avoiding waste water pollution. The operator must also implement measures intended to reduce water use and the pollution of waste water, to improve production technologies, water supply and waste water treatment systems as well as implement recycling water supply systems.
The aforementioned laws also regulate the use of water areas for waste water discharge. Waste water must be collected and treated using the best available technology and discharged so that will have a minimal impact on the environment. The rules on the conditions for waste water discharge and granting of permits are regulated by an order of the Minister of Environment. Waste water discharge to surface water is permitted if it is not in contradiction with environmental protection purposes set out in the Water Act. It is prohibited to directly discharge waste water to groundwater, underground cavities and sinkholes. Waste water can be discharged to soil under the rules set out by an order of the Minister of Environment.
Responsibility for contamination of soil and groundwater is based on the Lithuanian Environmental Protection Act and is imposed by the environmental authorities. State authorities have the right to, among other things, restrict the activities of legal and natural persons or impose administrative penalties thereon, where laws on environmental protection are being violated or where such activities do not comply with the normative standards, rules, limits and other conditions established in respect of environmental protection. Adverse effects to the environment resulting from economic activities may lead to civil or administrative responsibility, including compulsory remediation obligations. Entities performing economic activities may be subject to civil liability irrespective of their culpability for any environmental damage or any imminent threat thereof resulting from their economic activities, except as otherwise provided by Lithuanian Environmental Protection Act.
Entities performing economic activities must take all necessary measures to prevent damage to the environment, human health and life, or the property and interests of other persons. Persons guilty of causing such damage to the environment must, where possible, restore the state of the environment to its undamaged (or "baseline") condition, and compensate for all losses. This baseline condition is determined on the basis of the information available on the state of the environment before the relevant damage was caused. The state of the environment must be restored by rehabilitating the damaged environment, or elements or impaired functions thereof. In the event of land damage (either surface or underground), any threat of adverse effects on human health must be eliminated. Environmental damage is assessed and calculated according to the methods approved by the Minister of Environment, having regard to the baseline condition, the significance of the adverse effect on the environment, and the possibility and likely duration of natural restoration of the environment.
If there is an imminent threat of environmental damage, an entity must, without delay, take all necessary preventive measures. Where the imminent threat of environmental damage is not dispelled, despite the preventive measures taken by the entity, the entity must forthwith inform the Ministry of Environment or an institution authorized by it.
Where environmental damage has occurred, the economic entity must, without delay, notify the Ministry of Environment or an institution authorized by it and take all the necessary actions to immediately control, contain, remove, remediate or otherwise manage contaminants and/or other causes of damage in order to limit or prevent further environmental damage and adverse effects on human health. The entire cost of
