If there is an imminent threat of environmental damage, an entity must, without delay, take all necessary preventive measures. Where the imminent threat of environmental damage is not dispelled, despite the preventive measures taken by the entity, the entity must forthwith inform the Ministry of Environment or an institution authorized by it.
154
preventive and/or remedial measures shall be borne by the entity which has caused environmental damage or the imminent threat thereof, including where the appropriate measures have been implemented by institutions authorized by a municipality or the State (on their own account or with the help of third parties).
The entity shall not be required to bear the cost of preventive and/or remedial measures solely in the case when environmental damage or an imminent threat thereof occurred due to force majeure, where it proves that environmental damage or imminent threat was caused by the acts or omissions of a third party (despite the fact that all appropriate safety measures were in place), or resulted from strict compliance with a compulsory instruction emanating from an institution authorized by the law, other than an instruction consequent upon contamination or some other incident caused by the economic entity's own acts or omissions. The costs incurred by the entity in implementing preventive and/or remedial measures shall be compensated for in the aforementioned cases by the persons who have caused the environmental damage or, where these persons cannot be identified, by state or municipal institutions.
Emissions and Environmental Permits
Under the Lithuanian Environmental Protection Act, an environmental permit is required for activities that pose a threat of environmental pollution. All environmental effects of the activity are considered within the same permit procedure, regardless of the environment medium where the effects occur (i.e., regardless of whether soil, water or air is affected). An environmental permit may be granted if activities requiring the permit do not result in soil contamination or groundwater pollution, harm to health or any other significant environmental pollution or risk thereof. The rules for granting environmental permits are approved by the appropriate orders of the Minister of Environment.
The granting, amendment and revocation of integrated pollution prevention and control permits are regulated by the Order No. D1-528 of the Minister of Environment, dated July 15, 2013. This order regulates the integrated pollution caused by industrial activities and the prevention and control of such pollution. The system of granting, amending and revoking IPPC permits seeks to ensure avoidance of greenhouse gas emissions, pollutants release into the air, water and soil, or, if not possible, to reduce the quantities and to prevent the generation of waste, and by this achieving a high level of environmental protection. The granting, amendment and revocation of pollution permits are regulated by the Order No D1-259 of the Minister of the Environment, dated March 6, 2014. The rules established by this Order address the planning and implementation of environmental protection measures for the extraction of water from surface water and pollution control measures provided for in the Water Act, air pollution control measures provided for in the Ambient Air Protection act (VIII-1392, Aplinkos oro apsaugos istatymas), waste prevention and management measures provided for in Act on Waste Management (VIII-787, Atlieku tvarkymo istatymas), climate change management measures provided for in the Lithuanian Act on Financial Instruments for Climate Change Management (XI-329, Klimato kaitos valdymo finansiniu instrumentu istatymas), and the implementation of other environmental protection measures.
The aforementioned rules are in compliance with the IED and the Emission Trading Directive 2003/87/EC. An environmental permit is granted either for a fixed period or until further notice. The environmental permit contains necessary permit conditions in order to ensure that the requirements for granting a permit will be met. An environmental permit usually contains threshold values for air, water and other emissions. Permit conditions regarding the prevention of pollution and emission thresholds are based on ``best available techniques'' ("BATs"). The IED amended the IPPC Directive to require best available techniques to control emission levels, and sets out rules on the prevention and control of pollution from industrial activities and includes rules aimed at reducing emissions into the air, water and land, as well as preventing the generation of waste in order to achieve a high level of overall environmental protection. The mineral industry (production of mineral fibers), the chemical industry and the waste management industry, among others, will potentially need to make changes to their operations in order to comply with the new obligations deriving from the IED.
Member States were required to implement the IED through national legislation by January 7, 2013. In Lithuania, the IED was implemented through amendments of the Lithuanian Environmental Protection Act, which came into force in May 2013. Following the entry into force of these amendments permit conditions are required to be based upon the ``BAT conclusions'' set out in the BAT reference documents (``BREFs"). According to our permit, the Lithuanian site complies with the applicable BAT requirements set out in the BREF document for the Glass Manufacturing Industry.
