· Order No. D1-612 on Construction products, which do not have harmonized technical specifications, exploiting characteristics evaluation, verification and declaration. Tests laboratories and certification companies assignment (Statybos produktu, neturinciu darniuju techniniu specifikaciju, eksploataciniu savybiu pastovumo vertinimas, tikrinimas ir deklaravimas. Bandymu laboratoriju ir sertifikavimo istaigu paskyrimas), dated 26/09/2013;
157
In addition to assessment mechanisms for construction materials based on ETAs, other approval mechanisms are also in use in Lithuania. There is a national approval procedure for construction products which are not under any harmonized product standard and which do not have ETA, and thus cannot be CE marked. The purpose of the national approval procedure is to determine whether a product fulfills the substantial technical requirements imposed on construction products by the Lithuanian Act on Construction (I-1240, Statybos istatymas). The procedure is governed by the Lithuanian Act on Assessment of Conformity (VIII-870, Atitikties ivertinimo istatymas) and Act on Standardization (VIII-1618, Standartizacijos istatymas). The acceptability of construction products can be certified by a competent company. These procedures are voluntary, but the sale of products that have not been certified may be prohibited by the decision of the State Non Food Products Inspectorate.
Most of our construction products are under harmonized product standards and are hence CE marked. Some of our products are certified in the Lithuanian procedure. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable EU and Lithuanian legislation on construction materials.
Emission Trading Law in the European Union
Lithuania is a party to the Kyoto Protocol both individually and as part of the EU. The Emission Trading Directive 2003/87/EC has been implemented through the Lithuanian Act on Financial Instruments for Climate Change Management (XI-329, Klimato kaitos valdymo finansiniu instrument istatymas). Our operations at Vilnius are subject to the EU ETS. The site at Vilnius has participated in the EU ETS since the second EU ETS period from 2008 to 2012 as a combustion plant (thermal output more than 20 MW).
Energy efficiency regulations
The EU has also adopted directives regulating the energy efficiency of buildings, for example, the EU Directive 2012/27/EU on energy efficiency and the EU Directive 2010/31/EU on the energy performance of buildings. The Energy Efficiency Directive (the "EED") targets a 20% increase in energy efficiency by 2020. The EED entered into force in December 2012, and obliges Member States to set national energy efficiency targets and report any progress achieved towards these targets to the European Commission by April 30 of each year. Alternatively, under the EED Member States may opt to take other policy measures to achieve energy savings among final customers, provided that the amount of such savings is equivalent to the amount of new energy savings required by the energy efficiency obligation scheme option. New energy efficient goals for 2030, which are likely to be in excess of the present 20% reduction target, are also currently under review by the European Commission. The Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (the "EPBD") instructs Member States to set minimum standards for energy efficiency in new and renovated buildings, which must be quantifiable and subject to a specified calculation methodology which takes into account multiple factors that influence energy use (e.g., thermal characteristics of the building, heating installation and hot water supply). However the EPBD does not specify what the specific performance standards should be. Detailed performance requirements are set at a national level, within the confines of certain EU guidelines, such as the requirement that all new buildings must be "near zero energy buildings'' by 2020.
The Lithuanian Act on Construction (I-1240, Statybos istatymas) implements the requirements set out in the latter Directive by providing that new and renovated buildings must fulfill the minimum energy efficiency requirements set out in the Lithuanian Technical Construction Regulations adopted by the Ministry of the Environment. These Regulations govern the evaluation and certification of energy efficiency of heated residential and non-residential buildings. Accordingly, construction developers must choose their construction materials with energy efficiency in mind. The same applies to repair and renovation constructions.
