Although we believe that we are generally in compliance with our legal obligations at our Polish sites, groundwater contamination has been detected at our Trzemeszno site, and additional contamination of soil and groundwater may be discovered at these or other sites in the future. Such discovery of previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of new obligations to investigate or remediate soil or groundwater contamination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Following the implementation of the IED in Poland, a baseline report will also have to be prepared in respect of our Trzemeszno site, which could trigger remediation obligation if any contamination is discovered. See "--Emissions and Environmental Permits" below.
Under the EPL and the Water Law, an environmental permit is required if, among other things, operation of an installation results in: (i) discharge of gases and particulates into air; (ii) discharge of sewage into water and soil; (iii) extraction of water for industrial purposes; and/or (iv) generation of waste. Certain types of installation which do not cause substantial risks to the environment are exempted from the permit requirement. If a permit is required, an operator is required to obtain either a single integrated permit (IPPC permit) or an emission-specific permit. The requirement to obtain an IPPC permit applies to installations which might cause significant pollution to the environment. The exhaustive list of categories of such installations is set forth in the applicable implementing legislation under the EPL.
At our Trzemeszno facility in Poland, our Base Production operations operate under IPPC, EU-ETS and waste permits, and our TI operations have emission and waste permits. The Trzemeszno site has a water discharge (sewage and rain water) permit.
The IED implementation process in Poland is delayed and it is expected to be completed during 2014. The main assumptions for the proposed amendment to the EPL are as follows. Generally, there will be a twelve-month period to review the terms of existing IPPC permits (in respect of certain terms, this period is shortened to three months). Any subsequent review must occur within six months after publication of the
159
relevant BAT conclusions. If a change of IPPC permit is necessary, the relevant authority may either (i) inform the installation operator of the obligation to adapt the installation during a period of no more than four years from publication of the BAT conclusions or, as the case may be, of entry into force of the new law, or (ii) summon the installation operator to file a motion to change the IPPC permit, in such case, there is also an adjustment period of no more than four years, however there will be a one-year period to file the motion, beginning from the date of the summons.
Waste
In Poland, plants must use licensed contractors for the disposal of hazardous or nonhazardous waste. Under the Polish Waste Act, only disposal to licensed contractors releases the plant from liability in respect of proper waste management. Furthermore, generation of waste over certain threshold requires an environmental permit to be held by the plant. The generation of waste requires detailed evidencing and reporting on annual basis (regardless of whether there is a permit requirement).
Hazardous Substances
