Technical Approvals for Construction Products
Additional quality standards, known as Polish Norms (Polskie Normy), may also be applicable to our products in Poland. Their application is not, however, obligatory unless they have been included in an act or secondary legislation (including, in particular, the regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on technical conditions of buildings and their location (rozporzg,dzenie w sprawie warunkow technicznych, jakim powinny odpowiadac budynki i ich usytuowanie)).
Emission Trading Law in the European Union
In Poland, the Emission Trading Directive 2003/87/EC has been implemented by the Act on Greenhouse Gases Allowances Trading System and the Act on Emissions Management System of Greenhouse Gases and Other Substances. Our operations at Trzemeszno are subject to the EU ETS. The site at Trzemeszno has participated in the EU ETS since the second EU ETS period from 2009 to 2012 as a combustion plant (thermal output more than 20 MW).
Energy efficiency regulations
Polish regulations are gradually being amended to implement EU requirements, as discussed in "--Finland" above. The regulation on technical conditions of buildings and their location (rozporzg.dzenie w sprawie warunkow technicznych, jakim powinny odpowiadac budynki i ich usytuowanie) has accordingly been amended with effect from January 1, 2014. The relevant amendments are aimed at a gradual increase in the requirements for thermal insulation, and reducing the ratio of total solar energy transmittance.
Pursuant to the Act on support of energy efficiency and modernization (Ustawa o wspieraniu termomodernizacji i remontow), a special program has been introduced providing financial support to the owners of buildings who decide to modernize them in order to raise the energy efficiency of the building. In order to receive financial support, such modernization must lead to improvements to a building which result in energy and heat savings.
Russia
In Russia, we are subject to numerous laws, rules and regulations at the national, state and municipal levels, particularly building, environmental and occupational health and safety laws, rules and regulations, as well as technical standards.
