We have been, and will continue to be, required to incur significant capital expenditures and operating costs in order to maintain and upgrade our production sites and facilities to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits, and to obtain and maintain all necessary permits and certificates.
Soil
We are subject to numerous regulations relating to the use and contamination of soil in Russia.
As owners or lessors of land where we operate our business, in many jurisdictions, including Russia, we are obliged to monitor soil contamination and take necessary measures to remedy any contamination. Our historical and current operations involve operation of the production plants and lease of land plots that are or have been located on sites with a long history of industrial use by third parties. Such previous activities have resulted in soil contamination at some of our current and former sites or land adjacent to such sites.
In Russia, the current owner or lessee of a land plot may be held liable for historic contamination caused prior to the acquisition of the respective land plot. Although we pay significant attention to the due diligence of any land plot acquired, it is sometimes not possible to timely reveal and remedy contamination. We are currently taking necessary actions towards remedy of soil contamination at our Tver site, but we cannot eliminate the possibility that there might be soil contamination discovered in the future that could result in substantial unanticipated cost to us. Claims for damages caused by environmental contamination may be brought up to 20 years from the time of the detection of environmental contamination.
Water
We are subject to several laws relating to the use of water sources and discharge of waste water and emission of pollutants into water in Russia. In our Russian operations, we use water supplied by the municipal provider, as well as storm water. In Russia, the use of water, water discharge and water pollution are subject to a number of administrative decisions and permits, as well as other related documentation developed by us and approved by the state authorities. The applicable requirements, as well as the terms of the permits we hold, materially affect our operations by restricting the discharge of pollutant substances and waste water exceeding certain thresholds. Moreover, emissions, including in excess of the permitted thresholds, are subject to payment of certain fees (which in the case of our Tver plant may be double the standard amount due to its location in a specially protected natural area) and we may not exclude that such fees may become higher in the course of development of the legislation.
Air Emissions
In Russia, we must comply with the applicable legislation on air emission, including the Federal Act ``On Protection of Environment" and respective governmental decrees. We are obliged to, among other things,
