The Issuer will pay interest on the Fixed Rate Notes semi-annually on each May 15 and November 15, commencing on November 15, 2014. The Fixed Rate Notes will mature on May 15, 2020. The Issuer may redeem some or all of the Fixed Rate Notes at any time on or after May 15, 2016 at the redemption prices set forth herein. Prior to May 15, 2016, the Issuer may redeem some or all of the Fixed Rate Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any,plus the applicable "make-whole" premium set forth herein. At any time prior to May 15, 2016, the Issuer may redeem up to 40% of the Fixed Rate Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth herein. In addition, at any time prior to May 15, 2016, the Issuer may on one or more occasions redeem during each 12-month period commencing with the Issue Date up to 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes outstanding at a redemption price equal to 103% of the principal amount of Fixed Rate Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. The Issuer may also redeem all, but not less than all, of the Fixed Rate Notes in the event of certain changes in applicable tax law. Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control, the Issuer may be required to offer to repurchase the Fixed Rate Notes at a purchase price of 101% of the principal amount thereofplus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. However, a change of control will not be deemed to have occurred if specified consolidated leverage ratios are not exceeded in connection with such event.
The Notes will be general senior obligations of the Issuer and will be guaranteed (the ``Note Guarantees") on a senior secured basis by Paroc Sverige AB, Paroc AB, Paroc Oy Ab, Paroc Panel System Oy Ab, Paroc Polska Sp. z o.o., UAB Paroc and ZAO Paroc (together, the "Guarantors").
The Notes will be secured by first-ranking security interests over substantially the same assets (the "Collateral") that secure the New Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein). Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined herein) to be entered into in connection with the Offering, the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations will be secured on a "super-priority" basis, and in the event of an enforcement of the security granted in the Collateral, the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility and counterparties to certain hedging obligations will receive the proceeds from such enforcement in priority to the holders of the Notes. The Note Guarantees and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to legal and contractual limitations. In addition, the Note Guarantees and the security interests in the Collateral may be released under certain circumstances.
There is currently no public market for the Notes. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted to the official list of the Irish Stock Exchange (the ``Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange's Global Exchange Market. The Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange is not a regulated market within the meaning of Directive 2004/93/EC on markets in financial instruments. There can be no assurance that the listing application will be accepted or that the Notes will be listed, or will remain listed, and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market.
The Notes will be represented on issue by one or more global notes, which we expect will be delivered in book-entry form through the facilities of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme ("Clearstream") on or about May 14, 2014 (the "Issue Date").
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See ``Risk Factors' beginning on page 24.
The Notes and the Note Guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Aet of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Accordingly, the Offering is being made inside the United States only to ``qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act ("Rule 144A") in accordance with Rule 144A and outside the United States only to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act ("Regulation S"). Prospective purchasers that are QIBs are hereby notified that the Initial Furchasers (as defined herein) may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For further details about eligible offerees and resale restrictions, see "Notice to Investors."
Issue price of the Fixed Rate Notes: 100% (plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date). Issue price of the Floating Rate Notes: 100% (plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date).
Joint Physical Bookrunners
