Member of
Member of
theBoard
Lauri Ratia. Mr. Ratia was born in 1946 and is the Chairman of the board of directors of the Issuer, which he joined in 2010. Mr. Ratia holds a degree in engineering from the University of Helsinki. Mr. Ratia is also currently a member of the board of directors of Inspecta Group Oy and STX Finland Oy. Mr. Ratia has previously held a number of chairmanships and directorships with a wide range of listed and unlisted companies.
Kari Lehtinen. For biographical information see "--Executive officers of the Paroc Group. ''
Mairtin Clarke. Mr. Clarke was born in 1957 and is a member of the board of directors of the Issuer, which he joined in 2010. Mr. Clarke is also a member of the Issuer's remuneration committee. Mr. Clarke holds a degree in mechanical engineering from University College Dublin, and an MBA from Trinity College Dublin. During his executive career, Mr. Clarke held a number of managerial positions with CRH, including CEO of CRH Products and Distribution Europe.
Simo Manner. Mr. Manner was born in 1949 and is a member of the board of directors of the Issuer, which he joined in 2010. Mr. Manner also serves as president of the Issuer's audit committee. Mr. Manner holds a degree in business administration from Turku Business School of Economics, and during his executive career held a number of managerial positions in the building and home improvement division at Kesko Oyj. Mr. Manner currently serves on the board of directors of Teknos Oy, Helasto Group Oy and BalticNordic Market Advisors Oy Ltd.
Mats Paulsson. Mr. Paulsson was born in 1958 and is a member of the board of directors of the Issuer, which he joined in 2010. Mr. Paulsson is also a member of the Issuer's audit committee. Mr. Paulsson holds a degree in civil engineering from Lund University, and currently serves on the board of directors of Aktiebolaget Bosarps Grus & Torrbruk, Acando AB, MOP AB, several companies within the DSVM Group (two of which he also serves as managing director), Noens Personaluthyrning AB, Hjortkvarn Timber AB (of which he also serves as chairman), Fastighetsaktiebolaget Malmo Blomman 13, Ramirent
166
