appointed to the board of directors of Luxco 1;  one director who is not an employee of Luxco 1 and who is appointed by the shareholders in Luxco 1
Paroc Group Oy The Shareholders' Agreement provides that the board of directors of Paroc Group Oy will consist of:  the CEO from time to time of Luxco 1;  one director who is not an employee of Luxco 1 and who is appointed by the Investors, who is the
Chairman of the board of directors (also an ``Investor Director");  such additional number of directors who are not employees of Luxco 1 as are appointed from time to
time by Investors holding more than 50% of the voting rights in the ordinary shares of Luxco 1 (also ``Investor Directors''); and  two representatives of management. The Shareholders' Agreement provides that directors of Paroc Group Oy may be removed at any time by notice in writing by Investors holding more than 50% of the voting rights in respect of the ordinary shares in Luxco 1.
Other Group Entities The Shareholders' Agreement is silent as to the composition of the board of directors of the other subsidiaries of Luxco 1 (each, a ``Group Company"). However, it does provide that Investors holding more than 50% of the voting rights in the ordinary shares of Luxco 1 may appoint additional directors who are not employees of Luxco 1 to the board of any Group Company (also ``Investor Directors"). Directors of any Group Company may be removed at any time by notice in writing by Investors holding more than 50% of the voting rights in respect of the ordinary shares in Luxco 1.
169
Quora and Voting
The quorum for any meeting of the board of directors of Luxco 1 or any Group Company, or any committee thereof (unless otherwise determined by the relevant board), is at least two Investor Directors, of whom one must be the Chairman or have been appointed as such by the Investor Directors for the relevant meeting. Where the failure of a specific Investor Director to attend at least two consecutive meetings has caused the absence of a quorum at each such meeting, the next following meeting shall be deemed to be quorate even if that Investor Director does not attend. Where there is only one Investor Director on the relevant board, a board meeting is only quorate if that Investor Director is present.
The Shareholders' Agreement provides that, in respect of most matters, Group Company boards may pass resolutions by a simple majority of votes of directors present at the relevant board meeting. However, neither the board of Luxco 1 nor the board of Paroc Group Oy may take any decision or pass any resolution unless such decision or resolution is approved by a majority of the Investor Directors present at the relevant meeting.
