The Shareholders' Agreement provides that, to the extent that any shareholder, together with its affiliates, directly or indirectly owns or controls more than 20% of the ordinary shares in Luxco 1, it shall be deemed to have voting rights of only 20% of the ordinary shares in issue at the relevant time.
Under the Shareholders' Agreement, no action or decision may be taken by Luxco 1 or any Group Company in relation to certain matters without the prior written consent of both (i) shareholders holding 66.66% or more of the ordinary shares of Luxco 1, and (ii) the person appointed by Diabase S.A. as the representative of management.
Such matters essentially involve actions or decisions that adversely affect the rights of management shareholders, or alter the terms and conditions of sale or disposal of their shares or payments in respect thereof, under the Shareholders' Agreement.
171
The preference shares held by management (both directly and through Diabase S.A.) in Luxco 2 are non-voting shares, and under the Shareholders' Agreement management has agreed not to vote the shares (such agreement being secured by a pledge of management's shares held through Diabase S.A. (the shares in Luxco 2 held directly by non-executive directors are not pledged) to Luxco 1 under a share pledge agreement dated December 23, 2009).
Stapling The Shareholders' Agreement contains provisions as to the circumstances in which transfers of shares of Luxco 1 or Luxco 2 may take place. It also contains stapling provisions that, upon the transfer of ordinary shares of Luxco 1 by an Investor, require the Investor to also transfer a corresponding proportion of their holdings of specified debt instruments (other than the Existing Junior Notes issued by Safari Finco 1 Oy, but including the tracking preferred equity certificates issued by Luxco 1).
Management Exit Rights The Shareholders' Agreement contains provisions dealing with the rights and obligations of management shareholders in the event of an initial public offering of any member of the Group, a public or private sale of all or substantially all of (i) the ordinary shares in Luxco 1, Luxco 2, Safari Finco 1 Oy or Paroc Group Oy, or (ii) the assets of the Group, or a liquidation of Luxco 1 (each, an ``Exit Event"). Prior to the occurrence of an Exit Event, the ordinary shares held by management have no economic rights or entitlement to any profits of Luxco 2, and the preference shares held by management are entitled to a priority share of the profits of Luxco 2 and any dividend of Luxco 2 equal to 0.1% of the nominal value of such shares. However, upon the occurrence of an Exit Event: · the management ordinary shares have the same rights to the profits of Luxco 2 as the ordinary shares
in Luxco 2 owned by Luxco 1 as at the date of the Shareholders' Agreement; and · the management preference shares have priority rights to a specified amount of the profits of Luxco 2
as at the date of the Exit Event (``Management Preference Share Profits")--this specified amount increases from the date of the Shareholders' Agreement, up to a specified maximum amount. The Shareholders' Agreement also contains provisions designed to ensure that management shareholders receive a certain percentage of the total returns realized by the Investors and their affiliates (subject to certain exceptions) over a specified threshold.
