The follow in g contains a su m m ary o f the m aterial term s o f certain fin an cin g arrangem ents to w hich Issu er an d certain o f its su bsidiaries are a party. The fo llo w in g su m m aries are n o t co m p lete a n d are su bject to the fu ll text o f th e d o cu m en ts d escribed below.
On December 23, 2009, in the context of our debt restructuring, we entered into a junior note trust deed (the ``J u n io r N o te Trust D e e d ") under which Safari Finco 1 Oy issued junior notes (the "E x istin g J u n io r N o te s ") in an aggregate principal amount of 100 million to the Lender-Owner Syndicate, which Existing Junior Notes continue to be held by the Lender-Owner Syndicate. A portion of the proceeds of the Offering, together with cash on hand, will be used to (i) partially redeem, and pay accrued and unpaid interest on, the Existing Junior Notes and (ii) fund the purchase by Safari Luxco 2 S.A. of Existing Junior Notes from the Lender-Owner Syndicate. See "U se o f P r o c e e d s ."
Certain amendments will be made to the Junior Note Trust Deed (including the conditions) prior to and on the Issue Date pursuant to an amendment agreement dated on or about the date of this offering memorandum between Safari Finco 1 Oy and ING Bank N.V., London Branch as junior note trustee and security agent in respect of the Existing Junior Notes and the Existing Senior Indebtedness (the ``A m e n d e d J u n io r N o te T erm s") under which the Existing Junior Notes terms will be amended and restated so that they constitute unsecured subordinated loan notes of Safari Finco 1 Oy (the ``S h a re h o ld e r L o a n s "). These amendments are reflected in the following basic summary. The Shareholder Loans will be in an aggregate principal amount equivalent to the aggregate principal amount of Existing Junior Notes not redeemed at the Issue Date and will mature in 2022. The Shareholder Loans will bear pay-in-kind interest at a rate of EURIBOR plus 975 basis points per annum. The Shareholder Loans will not be guaranteed, will be unsecured and will be subordinated pursuant to the Amended Junior Note Terms to the Notes and the New Revolving Credit Facility (provided that redemption by any person other than Safari Finco 1 Oy or a member of the Restricted Group shall be permitted). The Shareholder Loans will be mandatorily repayable if a lender becomes aware that it has become unlawful for it to fund or maintain its holding or participation in the Shareholder Loans. Subject to the terms of the subordination contained in the Amended Junior Note Terms, Safari Finco 1 Oy may repay the Shareholder Loans in whole or in part upon five business days' notice. There will be no covenants, representations or events of default in the Amended Junior Note Terms.
New Revolving Credit Facility
On or about the Issue Date, as a result of the Transactions, the Existing Senior Facility and the Existing Senior Notes are expected to be repaid in full and discharged, and we expect on or before the Issue Date to enter into the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement.
As of the date of this offering memorandum, it has been agreed that the initial availability of utilizations under the New Revolving Credit Facility will be subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, including (i) the issuance of the Notes on the Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of 430 million and (ii) evidence of the repayment in full on the Issue Date of the amounts owed and the cancellation of commitments under the Existing Senior Facility and the Existing Senior Notes.
General
In conjunction with the Transactions, we expect to enter into the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement with a group of lenders which provides for up to 60.0 million of borrowing available in euro, sterling, SEK, USD, PLN and NOK, which can be utilised by way of loans, letters of credit or other ancillary facilities.
The commitments under the New Revolving Credit Facility terminate on the later of (i) the date falling five years from the Issue Date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the maturity of the Notes (as notified to the New Revolving Credit Facility agent (the ``A g e n t")) or, if earlier, 61/2 years from the Issue Date. The New Revolving Credit Facility, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, will be governed by, and will be enforced in accordance with, English law, although certain of the restrictive and other covenants which are included in the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with New York law (without prejudice to the fact that the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement is governed by English law).
