We sell our products through multiple sales channels in over 40 countries to various end-markets, which we believe reduces our dependency on any single market and positions us to capture additional opportunities to expand our business. Our largest markets are Finland and Sweden, which represented 20% and 25%, respectively, of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2013, and no other country represented more than 10% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2013. We have strong relationships with our customers and have multiple sales channels including dealers, construction contractors, industrial companies and equipment manufacturers (for example, prefabricated house and panel manufacturers, and specialist original equipment manufacturers).
Given the growth of our TI business and the associated higher margins and broader set of end-market drivers compared to our other construction-focused divisions, we believe that the Group today has a more robust, resilient financial profile than in the past.
Established position through well-invested manufacturing base, branded products and strong customer relationships
We have a broad manufacturing base, consisting of nine production facilities in five countries. Our network of plants, located in Finland, Sweden, Lithuania, Poland and Russia, provides a stable platform to enable us to meet our high quality standards consistently across our markets and to supply products to our customers on a localized and cost-efficient basis, reducing transport costs, delivery times and import tariffs. Our proprietary technology, including our proprietary recipe and manufacturing process for the production of our stone wool products, also supports the manufacture of our high specification products. This allows us to produce a high-quality, differentiated product with strong brand value and corresponding
2
pricing. We have made significant investments to develop, and to continuously improve our facilities, as well as our product specifications and our manufacturing processes and technologies. We review our operations on an ongoing basis to ensure that our stone wool products meet the strict safety, environmental and efficacy standards in the markets in which we operate. We believe it would take considerable time and substantial investment to replicate our manufacturing base and product portfolio due to the proprietary technology, high levels of capital expenditure, regulatory requirements, maintenance costs, complex supply chain and strict quality standards needed to operate in the stone wool market.
We also benefit from the partial vertical integration of our supply chain and, for the year ended December 31, 2013, were able to supply approximately 30% of our raw stone needs through our ownership of rights or concessions to quarry stone from eight quarries in Finland. As a result, we have the ability to supply a majority of our requirements of certain stones that are difficult to source from third parties internally, leading to lower raw materials input costs (through a reduction in transportation logistics costs), assuring the quality of our stone wool products, and reducing our dependence on third-party suppliers.
In addition, we have strong, and often longstanding, customer relationships, as well as the brand awareness amongst dealers and contractors. Based on a recent customer differentiation survey conducted by BrandWorxx in 2013, over 90% of customers surveyed view Paroc as their preferred partner relative to competitors. The survey also highlighted Paroc as efficient, reliable and innovative, as well as the most socially responsible provider. We believe that this brand recognition translates into strong customer loyalty.
Attractive financial profile with strong cash generation and flexible cost base
