The rights of Holders to receive the payments of interest on such Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream. If the due date for any payment in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
Principal, interest and premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) will be made by one or more Paying Agents by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the registered Holder thereof (being the common depositary or its nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream).
Principal, interest and premium, and Additional Amounts, if any, on any certificated securities ("Definitive Registered Notes'') will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents maintained for such purposes in the City of London. In addition, interest on the Definitive Registered
196
Notes may be paid, at the option of the Issuer, by check mailed to the address of the holder entitled thereto as shown on the register of Holders of Notes for the Definitive Registered Notes or by wire transfer where details are available. See ``--Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes.'
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more Paying Agents for the Notes in the City of London (including the initial Paying Agent). The Issuer will also undertake to maintain a Paying Agent in a European Union member state that will not be obligated to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 regarding the taxation of savings income (the "Directive"), or any law implementing or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive. The initial Paying Agent in respect of the Notes will be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the ``Paying Agent").
The Issuer will also maintain a registrar (the ``Registrar^') in Luxembourg, and a transfer agent (the ``Transfer Agent") in the City of London. The initial Registrar will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. and the initial Transfer Agent will be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. The Registrar and Transfer Agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of the Notes outstanding from time to time, if any, and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of the Notes on behalf of the Issuer.
The Issuer may change any Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent for the Notes without prior notice to the Holders of such Notes. However, for so long as the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie), to the extent and in the manner permitted by the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange. Such notice of the change in a Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent may instead be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times). The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar in respect of the Notes.
