In addition, we have strong, and often longstanding, customer relationships, as well as the brand awareness amongst dealers and contractors. Based on a recent customer differentiation survey conducted by BrandWorxx in 2013, over 90% of customers surveyed view Paroc as their preferred partner relative to competitors. The survey also highlighted Paroc as efficient, reliable and innovative, as well as the most socially responsible provider. We believe that this brand recognition translates into strong customer loyalty.
We have a strong financial track record with net sales of 404.8 million, 430.4 million and 433.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 3.4%. We have also demonstrated an ability to improve Adjusted EBITDA during periods of macroeconomic volatility, with Adjusted EBITDA of 61.2 million, 75.1 million and 82.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 15.8%.
While we have made significant strategic growth investment capital expenditures in each of the last three years (particularly in Russia), our maintenance capital expenditure requirements are relatively low and manageable, with expenditures of 15.8 million, 10.3 million and 10.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. This attractive capex profile, in combination with our continued focus on working capital optimization, has translated into a consistently positive cash conversion over the past three fiscal years.
We also have a flexible cost base with an ability to effectively increase and decrease the number of employees and number of shifts at our manufacturing plants depending on customer demand levels. For the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 83% of our cost of sales was variable, comprising, among other things, raw materials cost, energy cost, direct production wages and distribution cost, which generally move in-line with changes in volume. Furthermore, our well-invested manufacturing platform and ability to increase capacity utilization provides operating leverage to drive potential profitability when volumes increase.
Growth profile is well supported by insulation trends and favorable regulatory dynamics
We believe that our markets stand to benefit from a favorable regulatory environment in the medium-term, driven by a Europe-wide governmental commitment to improve energy efficiency standards and reduce energy consumption and costs, which should lead to an increase in the intensity of insulation use. In recent years there has been an increased political focus throughout the European Union on climate change, which, in combination with rising energy costs, has resulted in the implementation of tighter regulations concerning energy efficiency both at the EU and the individual country level. Current EU directives, for example, impose energy efficiency requirements on new and renovated buildings in connection with a targeted 20% reduction in energy consumption by 2020. Given that insulation can dramatically reduce heat loss and energy consumption in buildings and also has the added benefit of being one of the most cost-effective of all the available technologies to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, the implementation of more stringent energy efficiency requirements has affected demand for our products in our various geographic markets.
3
At the national level, individual countries put in place their own specific requirements from time to time that can drive market demand for insulation products. While the Nordic region has traditionally had relatively more comprehensive energy efficiency measures in place than our other focus markets, continued tightening of certain specific regulations (for example, the recent implementation in Finland and Sweden of new regulations requiring greater thicknesses for technical insulation) has recently fuelled demand for the higher margin, more specialized products offered by our Technical Insulation division. In addition, increased fire safety regulations in many of our markets (particularly in central Europe) in recent years has increased demand for our stone wool products, which are known for their superior fire resistance qualities compared with other insulation materials, particularly foam insulation.
Highly experienced and committed management team
