The assets that comprise the Collateral will also secure on a first-ranking basis the Revolving Credit Facility as well as certain Hedging Obligations and any Additional Notes and may also secure certain future Indebtedness, certain of which is entitled to payment from the proceeds of an enforcement of the Collateral in priority to the Notes. The proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations owed to the Holders of the Notes.
Priority
The relative priority with regard to the security interests in the Collateral that are created by the Security Documents (the "Security Interests" and each, a "Security Interest") as between (a) the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, (b) the counterparties under certain Hedging Obligations, (c) the Trustee, the Security Agent and the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture, and (d) the creditors of certain other Indebtedness permitted to be secured by the Collateral, respectively, is established by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility, the Indenture, the Security Documents and the security documents relating to the Revolving Credit Facility and such Hedging Obligations, which provide, among other things, that the obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility, certain Hedging Obligations and the Notes are secured equally and ratably by first-priority Security Interests; however, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Holders of Notes will only receive proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral after certain super senior priority obligations including (i) obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) certain Hedging Obligations have been paid in full. See `Description of Other Indebtedneess--Intercreditor Agreement." In addition, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreements or Additional Intercreditor Agreements entered into after the Issue Date, the Collateral may be pledged to secure other Indebtedness. See ``--Release of Liens," "--Certain Covenants--No Impairment of Security Interest" and "--Certain Definitions--Permitted Collateral Liens."
Security Documents
Under the Security Documents, the Issuer and the Guarantors will grant security over the Collateral to secure the payment when due of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' payment obligations under the Notes, the Note Guarantees and the Indenture. The Security Documents will be entered into by the relevant security provider and the Security Agent as agent for the secured parties. When entering into the Security Documents, the Security Agent will act in its own name, but for the benefit of the secured parties (including itself, the Trustee and the Holders of Notes from time to time). Under the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent will also act as an agent of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the counterparties under certain Hedging Obligations in relation to the Security Interests created in favor of such parties.
The Indenture will provide that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, only the Security Agent will have the right to enforce the Security Documents on behalf of the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. As a consequence of such contractual provisions, Holders of the Notes will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Notes, except through the Trustee under the Indenture, who will (subject to the provisions of the Indenture) provide instructions to the Security Agent.
201
The Indenture will provide that, subject to the terms thereof and of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes and the Indenture, as applicable, will be secured by Security Interests in the Collateral until all obligations under the Notes and the Indenture have been discharged. However, the Security Interests with respect to the Notes and the Indenture may be released under certain circumstances as provided under "--Release of Liens"
In the event that the Issuer or its Subsidiaries enter into insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceedings, the Security Interests created under the Security Documents or the rights and obligations enumerated in the Intercreditor Agreement could be subject to potential challenges. If any challenge to the validity of the Security Interests or the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement was successful, the Holders may not be able to recover any amounts under the Security Documents. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and Our Structure."
