1. accept for payment all Notes or portion thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
3. deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of the Notes being purchased by the Issuer in the Change of Control Offer;
4. in the case of Global Notes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee (or an authenticating agent) the Global Notes in order to reflect thereon the portion of such Notes or portions thereof that have been tendered to and purchased by the Issuer; and
5. in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the relevant Registrar for cancellation all Definitive Registered Notes accepted for purchase by the Issuer.
208
If any Definitive Registered Notes have been issued, the Paying Agent will promptly mail to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes so tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Notes, and the Trustee (or an authenticating agent) will, at the cost of the Issuer, promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes a new Definitive Registered Note equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any; p r o v id e d that each such new Note will be in a principal amount that is at least 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof.
For so long as the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer will publish notices relating to the Change of Control Offer in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish T im e s) or to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notices on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (w w w .ise.ie).
Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the Holders to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction. The existence of a Holders' right to require the Issuer to repurchase Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control may deter a third party from seeking to acquire the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
