Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the Holders to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction. The existence of a Holders' right to require the Issuer to repurchase Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control may deter a third party from seeking to acquire the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control.
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to this covenant. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions of the Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
The Issuer's ability to repurchase Notes issued by it pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The occurrence of certain of the events that constitute a Change of Control would require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, certain events that may constitute a change of control under the Revolving Credit Facility and require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under such agreement may not constitute a Change of Control under the Indenture. Future Indebtedness of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the Holders of their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the Holders upon a repurchase may be limited by the Issuer's then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. See ``R is k F a c to rs-- R is k s R e la te d to th e N o te s a n d O u r S tru c tu re -- W e m a y n o t h a v e
the ability to raise the fu n d s necessary to fin a n ce an offer to repurchase the N o tes upon the occurrence o f certain
e v e n ts c o n s titu tin g a c h a n g e o f c o n tr o l a s r e q u ir e d b y th e I n d e n tu r e ."
The definition of ``Change of Control'' includes a disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to specified other Persons. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ``substantially all,'' there is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of the property and assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control has occurred and whether a Holder may require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as described above.
209
The provisions of the Indenture relating to the Issuer's obligation to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as a result of a Change of Control may be waived or modified with the written consent of Holders of a majority in outstanding principal amount of the Notes.
Certain Covenants
