The above information is based solely on preliminary results and estimates and is not intended to be a comprehensive statement of our financial or operational results for the three-month period ended March 31, 2014. Our preliminary results in relation to the three-month period ended March 31, 2014 are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. While we believe these estimates to be reasonable, the above information may be subject to modification during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and audit thereof by our independent auditors. Accordingly, our actual results for the three-month period ended March 31, 2014 may vary from our preliminary results and estimates above, and such variations could be material. As such, you should not place undue reliance on them. See "Forward-Looking Statements'' and "Risk Factors'' for a more complete discussion of certain of the factors that could affect our future performance and results of operation. The above preliminary financial information has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, our management. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to such preliminary financial information. Accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.
Corporate Structure and Financing Agreements The following diagram depicts in simplified form our corporate and financing structure after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions. See also "Description of the Notes'' and "Description of Other Indebtedness."
Issuer Guarantors ! Restricted Group12(345)
(1) For a description of Safari Luxco 2 S.A.'s shareholders, see "Principal Shareholders." (2) The Issuer is a private limited liability company ("osakeyhtio") incorporated under the laws of Finland. (3) On or before the Issue Date, Paroc Oy Ab, as borrower, will enter into the New Revolving Credit Facility. The New Revolving
Credit Facility will be guaranteed by the Issuer and the Guarantors, and secured by first-ranking security interests over the Collateral on a ``super-priority'' basis. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement" and "Description of Other Indebtedness--New Revolving Credit Facility. '' (4) On the Issue Date, the Notes will be guaranteed by the Guarantors on a senior secured basis. The Notes and the Note Guarantees will be secured by first-ranking security interests over the Collateral, that will be shared with the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility. The New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations will be secured on a ``super-priority'' basis, and in the event of enforcement of the security granted over the Collateral, the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility and counterparties to certain hedging obligations will receive the proceeds from such enforcement in priority to the holders of the Notes. See "Description of the Notes--Security" and "Description of Other Indebtedness-- IntercreditorAgreement." For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Issuer and the Guarantors generated 95.3% of the Group's EBITDA and, as of December 31, 2013, directly held 94.6% of the Group's consolidated total assets. As of December 31, 2013, after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, our non-Guarantor subsidiaries had no third party indebtedness. The Note Guarantees will be subject to contractual and legal limitations, and both the Note Guarantees and the security interests in the Collateral may be released under certain circumstances. See "Certain Insolvency Law and Local Law Limitations" and "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and Our Structure-- There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge o f the Notes
7
under which the Collateral securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees will be released automatically and under which the Note Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent o f the Trustee." (5) The "Restricted Group" indicates those companies subject to the covenants in the Indenture. See ``Description o f the Notes." (6) Once we have shareholder consent, we plan to change the corporate form of ZAO Paroc from a closed joint-stock company to a limited liability company. This process began in March 2014 and is expected to be completed after the Issue Date. (7) A portion of the proceeds of the Offering, together with cash on hand, will be used to (i) partially redeem, and pay accrued and unpaid interest on, the Existing Junior Notes and (ii) fund the purchase by Safari Luxco 2 S.A. of Existing Junior Notes from the Lender-Owner Syndicate. See ``Use of Proceeds" and "Principal Shareholders."The Existing Junior Notes Trust Deed will be amended and restated on or before the Issue Date to amend the terms of the Existing Junior Notes so that they constitute unsecured subordinated notes. See "Description o f Other Indebtedness-- Shareholder Loans o f Safari Finco 1 Oy." (8) Includes Existing Junior Notes (in the form of newly constituted unsecured subordinated notes) expected to be held by Safari Luxco 2 S.A. upon completion of the Transactions in an aggregate principal amount of 4.2 million.
8
The Offering
