The Indenture will set out the terms under which the Trustee may retire or be removed, and replaced. Such terms will include, among others, (1) that the Trustee may be removed at any time by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes, or may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Issuer and (2) that if the Trustee at any time (a) has or acquires a conflict of interest that is not eliminated, or (b) becomes incapable of acting as Trustee or becomes insolvent or bankrupt, then the Issuer may remove the Trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder for not less than six months may petition any court for removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee.
The Indenture will contain provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee for any loss, liability, Taxes or expenses Incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the Indenture.
Notices
For so long as any of the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, notices of the Issuer with respect to the Notes will be published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie). In addition, for so long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes, all notices to Holders of the Notes will be delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to Euroclear and Clearstream. Such notices may instead be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times) or if, in the opinion of the Issuer such publication is not practicable, in an English language newspaper having general circulation in Europe.
Each such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made; provided that, if notices are mailed, such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the later of such publication and the seventh day after being so mailed. Any notice or communication mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to such Person by first-class mail or other equivalent means and shall be sufficiently given to such Holder if so mailed within the time prescribed. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. If a notice or communication is given in via Euroclear or Clearstream, it is duly given on the day the notice is given to Euroclear or Clearstream.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantors for the payment of principal, or premium, if any, on the Notes will be prescribed ten years after the applicable due date for payment thereof. Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantors for the payment of interest on the Notes will be prescribed six years after the applicable due date for payment of interest.
Currency Indemnity and Calculation of Euro-Denominated Restrictions
The euro is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer and the Guarantors, if any, under or in connection with the Notes and the Notes Guarantees, if any, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than euro, whether as a result of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, any Guarantor or otherwise by any Holder or by the Trustee, in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or a Guarantor will only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or such Guarantor, as applicable, to the extent of the euro amount which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so).
