The Collateral will also secure on a first-ranking basis the liabilities under our New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations, and may also secure certain future indebtedness permitted to be incurred under the Indenture and the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement. See "--Intercreditor Agreement" below.
11
Applicable law may require that a security interest in certain assets can only be properly perfected and its priority retained through certain actions undertaken by the secured party or the grantor of the Collateral, which in the case of some of the Collateral, may not be completed until after the Issue Date or may be dependent on certain further events occurring, as permitted by the Security Documents, the Indenture and the New Revolving Credit Facility Agreement. See "Risk Factors-- Risk Related to the Notes and Our Structure--Rights in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the Collateral"
The Collateral will be subject to release under certain circumstances. See "Description of the Notes--Security--Release of Liens" and "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and Our Structure--There are circumstances other than the repayment or discharge of the Notes under which the Collateral securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees will be released automatically and under which the Note Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent of the Trustee. "
Intercreditor Agreement.....................
On or before the Issue Date, the Trustee, the Security Agent, and certain other parties will enter into an Intercreditor Agreement which will govern the relationships among the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility, the holders of the Notes and the holders of certain other indebtedness (including hedging counterparties), the relative priorities of the secured creditors of the Issuer and its subsidiaries and certain other matters relating to the administration of security interests.
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the security interests securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees will be first-ranking security interests that will rank pari passu with the security interests that secure obligations under the New Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations. In addition, the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement will permit the incurrence of additional senior indebtedness or obligations that are permitted to be secured with security interests over the Collateral on a pari passu basis.
However, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, in the event of enforcement of the security granted over the Collateral, the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility and counterparties to certain hedging obligations will receive the proceeds from such enforcement in priority to the holders of the Notes. See "Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement. "
Use of Proceeds...................................
