However, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, in the event of enforcement of the security granted over the Collateral, the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility and counterparties to certain hedging obligations will receive the proceeds from such enforcement in priority to the holders of the Notes. See "Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement. "
The proceeds of the Offering, together with cash on hand, will be applied to (i) redeem in full the Existing Senior Notes, (ii) make certain payments to holders of the Existing Junior Notes and (iii) pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offering. See "Use of Proceeds."
12
Additional A m ounts.............. ......... Optional Redemption Fixed Rate N o te s.................. .........
Floating Rate N o te s .............. .........
All payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantors, as applicable, under or with respect to any Notes or Note Guarantee, as applicable, will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future tax, duty, levy, assessment or other governmental charge, including any related interest, penalties or additions to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes is then required by law. If any deduction or withholding for, or on account of, such taxes is imposed or levied by or on behalf of any relevant taxing jurisdiction, the Issuer or Guarantor, as applicable, subject to certain exceptions, will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received in respect of such payments after such withholding, deduction or imposition (including any such withholding, deduction or imposition from such additional amounts) will equal the respective amounts that would have been received in respect of such payments in the absence of such withholding, deduction or imposition. See `Description of the Notes-- Withholding Taxes.'
On or after May 15, 2016, the Issuer may redeem some or all of the Fixed Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth under "Description of the Notes--Optional Redemption."
Prior to May 15, 2016, the Issuer may redeem some or all of the Fixed Rate Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, plus the applicable ``make-whole" premium, as described under ``Description of the Notes--Optional Redemption."
Subject to certain exceptions, prior to May 15, 2016, the Issuer may on any one or more occasions use the proceeds of one or more specified equity offerings to redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes issued under the Indenture on the Issue Date at a redemption price equal to 106.250% of the principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes being redeemed, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. See ``Description of the Notes--Optional Redemption. "
