The Global Notes will be deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary.
The Book-Entry Interests will be held by Euroclear and Clearstream on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their respective depositaries. Book-Entry Interests will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained in book-entry form by Euroclear and Clearstream and their participants. Except under the limited circumstances described below, owners of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes in registered form (the ``D e fin itiv e R eg istered N o te s "). The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain purchasers of Notes take physical possession of such Notes in definitive form. The foregoing limitations may impair your ability to own, transfer, pledge or grant any other security interest in Book-Entry Interests.
So long as the Global Notes are in global form, holders of Book-Entry Interests will not be considered the owners or ``holders'' of Global Notes for any purpose. So long as the Global Notes are held in global form, the common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or their respective nominees, as applicable, will be considered the sole holders of Global Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. As such, participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, and indirect participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream and the participants through which they own Book-Entry Interests to transfer their interests in or to exercise any rights of holders under the Indenture. You can find information about certain other restrictions on the transferability of the Notes under ``-- D e fin itiv e R e g is te r e d N o te s ."
Neither we nor the Trustee will have any responsibility, or be liable, for any aspect of the records relating to the Book-Entry Interests.
Except as described below, owners of interests in the Global Notes will not have Notes registered in their names, will not receive physical delivery of the Notes in certificated form and will not be considered the registered owners or holders thereof under the Indenture for any purpose.
Under the terms of the Indenture, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Paying Agent will treat the registered holder of the Global Notes (e.g., Euroclear or Clearstream (or their respective nominees)) as the owner thereof for the purpose of receiving payments and for all other purposes. Consequently, none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Paying Agent and any of their respective agents have and will not have any responsibility or liability:
(1) for any aspect of the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or any participant or indirect participant relating to Book-Entry Interests, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or any participant or indirect participant relating to Book-Entry Interests, or for payments made by Euroclear, Clearstream or any participant or indirect participant relating to Book-Entry Interests; or
273
(2) for Euroclear, Clearstream or any participant or indirect participant.
