The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and is the subject of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
Certain Finnish Tax Considerations
The following is a general description of certain Finnish tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes. It does not purport to be an exhaustive analysis of all possible tax considerations or consequences relating to the Notes which may be relevant to a holder or a prospective holder of Notes, nor does it purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom may be subject to special rules. Holders or prospective holders of the Notes should consult with their own tax advisers with regard to the tax consequences of investing in the Notes in their particular circumstances. The description only addresses Finnish domestic tax legislation as in force on the date of this offering memorandum. Local tax advisors should be consulted about taxes potentially applicable in any other country than Finland, as relevant in each individual case.
Residents of Finland
Taxable income is determined separately for the so-called sources of business income, personal income and agricultural income.
For a private person, resident in Finland for tax purposes and taxed in accordance with the Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended), interest and capital gains relating to the Notes are generally taxed at the current (2014) capital income tax rate of 30% up to 40,000 and 32% for any amounts exceeding 40,000. The Finnish government plans to tighten the taxation so that for taxable capital income amounts exceeding 30,000, the tax rate would be 33% as of 2015 (based on current information). Repayments of Note capital are treated as (partial) disposals of the Notes. Capital gains are tax-exempt if all taxable sales proceeds received during a tax year in aggregate do not exceed 1,000. Correspondingly, capital losses are not deductible if the related acquisition costs in a tax year in aggregate do not exceed 1,000. Capital gains or losses are calculated by deducting the aggregate of the acquisition cost and the expenses related to acquiring the gain or loss from the sales proceeds. Alternatively, instead of applying the actual acquisition cost, individuals and estates can apply a ``presumed acquisition cost," in which case no additional actual expenses can be deducted. The presumed acquisition cost is 20% (and if the Notes have been owned for a period of at least ten years, 40%) of the sales price. Capital losses resulting from the disposal of such Notes, which do not belong to the business activities of individuals or estates, can generally be set off against capital gains from disposals of other non-business assets derived during the tax year of the disposal and five subsequent years.
For Finnish resident corporate entities, interest and capital gains relating to the Notes are generally taxed at a flat rate of 20% (current rate in 2014). Repayments of Note capital are treated as (partial) disposals of the Notes. The remaining acquisition cost in taxation of the Notes is regarded as tax-deductible expenditure upon disposal of the Notes. Losses resulting from the disposal of Notes, which belong to the business activities, can be set off against income from the same income source during the year of the disposal and ten subsequent tax years. Capital losses resulting from the disposal of Notes, which belong to the personal income source, can be set off against capital gains from disposals of other non-business assets derived during the tax year of the disposal and five subsequent years.
Nonresidents of Finland
Unless the capital gains or interest income received from the Notes relate to a permanent establishment from which business is carried on in Finland, a nonresident of Finland is not liable to pay Finnish income tax on the capital gains or interest received from the Notes. No withholding tax is due on interest payments based on the Notes to nonresidents of Finland.
