Under the second method, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of the U.S. Holder, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.
In the event that Additional Amounts are paid in respect of withholding or deductions for taxes imposed on payments on the Notes (as described under `D e s c r ip tio n o f th e N o te s -- W ith h o ld in g T axes"), such Additional Amounts will be taxable to U.S. Holders as ordinary income at the time the amounts accrue or are received, in accordance with such holder's regular method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The amount taxable to such U.S. Holder will also include all taxes withheld or deducted in respect thereof. As a result, U.S. Holders may be required to report income in an amount greater than the cash they receive in respect of payments on the Notes.
A U.S. Holder may be entitled to deduct or credit foreign taxes imposed on interest income (including Additional Amounts, if any), subject to certain limitations (including that the election to deduct or credit foreign taxes applies to all of the U.S. Holder's other applicable foreign taxes for a particular tax year). Interest income (including any Additional Amounts) on a Note generally will be considered foreign source income and, for purposes of the U.S. foreign tax credit, generally will be considered passive category income. A U.S. Holder will generally be denied a foreign tax credit for foreign taxes imposed with respect to the Notes where such U.S. Holder does not meet a minimum holding period requirement during which it is not protected from risk of loss. The rules governing the foreign tax credit are complex and this
282
paragraph discusses those rules only at a high level of generality. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit under their particular circumstances.
Sale, Exchange, Retirement or Other Taxable Disposition of the Notes
A U.S. Holder will generally recognize gain or loss on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition (not including any amounts that are attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as described above under "Payments of Stated Interest") and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note will generally be its U.S. dollar cost (as defined below) reduced by the amount of any principal paid on the Note. The U.S. dollar cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency paid for the Note determined at the spot rate on the Issue Date. The amount realized on a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of this amount based on the spot rate on the date of the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition (or, in the case of a cash basis or electing accrual method taxpayer, the settlement date of the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition, if the relevant series of Notes is traded on an established securities market for U.S. federal income tax purposes). The election referred to in this paragraph must be applied consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS.
Except as described in the next paragraph, gain or loss on a disposition of a Note generally will be U.S. source capital gain or loss. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Note for more than one year at the time of disposition. A non-corporate U.S. Holder generally will be eligible for reduced rates of taxation on any long-term capital gain recognized. Deductions for capital losses are subject to limitations.
A portion of a U.S. Holder's gain or loss with respect to the principal amount of a Note may be treated as exchange gain or loss. Such exchange gain or loss will be treated as ordinary income or loss and generally will be U.S. source income or loss. For these purposes, the principal amount of the Note is the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Note calculated in foreign currency on the date of purchase, and the amount of exchange gain or loss is equal to the difference between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the principal amount determined at the spot rate on the date of the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of the Note (or, in the case of a cash basis or electing accrual basis taxpayer, the settlement date of such taxable disposition, if the Note is treated as traded on an established securities market for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the principal amount determined at the spot rate on the date the U.S. Holder purchased the Note. Any such exchange rate gain or loss (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest) will be realized only to the extent of total gain or loss realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition.
