CERTAIN INSOLVENCY LAW AND LOCAL LAW LIMITATIONS
European Union Insolvency Law
Pursuant to the EU Insolvency Regulation, which applies within the EU, other than Denmark, the courts of the Member State in which an entity's ``centre of main interests" (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation) is situated has jurisdiction to open main insolvency proceedings. The determination of where the debtor concerned has its ``centre of main interests" is a question of fact on which the courts of the different Member States may have differing and even conflicting views. It should also be noted that ``centre of main interests" is not a static concept and may change from time to time. Although under Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation there is a rebuttable presumption that the debtor concerned would have its ``centre of main interests" in the Member State in which it has its registered office, Preamble 13 of the EU Insolvency Regulation states that the ``centre of main interests" of a debtor should correspond to the place where the debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and ``is therefore ascertainable by third parties." In this respect, factors such as the place in which the debtor concerned holds board meetings, the place where the debtor concerned conducts the majority of its business or has its head office and the place where the large majority of the debtor concerned's creditors are established may all be relevant in the determination of the place where the debtor concerned has its ``centre of main interests.''
For the purposes of deciding which courts have competent jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings, a debtor's ``centre of main interests'' will be determined at the time of the filing of the insolvency petition.
The EU Insolvency Regulation applies to insolvency proceedings that are collective insolvency proceedings of the types referred to in Annex A to the EU Insolvency Regulation. Save as otherwise provided in the EU Insolvency Regulation, the law applicable to insolvency proceedings and their effects shall be that of the Member State within the territory of which such proceedings are opened. The law of the Member State (other than Denmark) of the opening of proceedings shall determine the conditions for the opening of those proceedings, their conduct and their closure. Any judgment opening insolvency proceedings handed down by a court of a Member State (other than Denmark) which has jurisdiction in accordance with Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation shall be recognized in all the other Member States from the time that it becomes effective in the Member State of the opening of the proceedings.
If the ``centre of main interests'' of entity debtor is in one Member State (other than Denmark) under Article 3(2) of the EU Insolvency Regulation, the courts of another Member State (other than Denmark) have jurisdiction to open territorial insolvency proceedings against that debtor only if such debtor has an ``establishment'' in the territory of such other Member State. An ``establishment'' is defined to mean a place of operations at which the debtor carries on non-transitory economic activity with human means and goods. The effects of those insolvency proceedings opened in that other Member State are restricted to the assets of the company situated in such other Member State.
Where main proceedings have been opened in the Member State in which the debtor has its ``centre of main interests,'' any proceedings opened subsequently in another Member State in which the debtor has an establishment (secondary proceedings) are limited to ``winding-up proceedings" listed in Annex B of the EU Insolvency Regulation. Where main proceedings in the Member State in which the debtor has its ``centre of main interests'' have not yet been opened, territorial insolvency proceedings can only be opened in another Member State in which the debtor has an establishment where either (a) insolvency proceedings cannot be opened in the Member State in which the debtor's ``centre of main interests'' is situated under that Member State's law; or (b) the territorial insolvency proceedings are opened at the request of a creditor that is domiciled, habitually resident or has its registered office in the other Member State or whose claim arises from the operation of the establishment.
The courts of all Member States (other than Denmark) must recognize the judgment of the court opening main proceedings which will be given the same effect in the other Member States so long as no territorial proceedings have been opened there. The liquidator appointed by a court in a Member State that has jurisdiction to open main proceedings (because the debtor's ``centre of main interests'' is there) may exercise the powers conferred on him or her by the law of that Member State in another Member State
285
