There are two primary insolvency regimes under Finnish law. The first, company restructuring (yrity ssa n e e ra u s), is intended to investigate whether the business has a reasonable possibility and sufficient resources to continue and, if so, to rehabilitate the company's viable business, ensure its continued viability and make arrangements with creditors. The second, bankruptcy (k o n k u rssi), is primarily designed to liquidate and distribute the assets of a debtor to its creditors.
If a company is insolvent or is at risk of becoming insolvent, and it is probable that company restructuring proceedings would remedy the insolvency or prevent its recurrence otherwise than temporarily, an application for company restructuring can be submitted to a court by the debtor or by one or more creditors in accordance with the Finnish Restructuring of Enterprises Act (47/1993, L a k i yrityk sen s a n e e r a u k se sta ). Further, the initiation of company restructuring proceedings is possible--in theory, irrespective of the company's solvency situation--when at least two creditors whose total claims represent at least one-fifth of the debtor's known debts and who are not related to the debtor file a joint application with the debtor or declare that they support the debtor's application for company restructuring. If there are no legal barriers to company restructuring and, consequently, the court approves the application and opens company reorganization proceedings, the court will simultaneously appoint an administrator (se lv ittd jd ). The board of directors and the managing director continue to act on behalf of the company during the restructuring proceedings. The restructuring administrator is entitled to review the company's books and business documents, obtain any information on the company's business activities, as well as to participate in meetings of the debtor's corporate bodies.
As a general rule, the commencement of restructuring proceedings has no effect on the debtor's existing contracts. However, there are some exceptions set forth in the Finnish Restructuring of Enterprises Act regarding premature termination of certain contracts, such as lease agreements, unfulfilled contracts not deemed to be a regular part of the activities of the debtor and employment relationships.
If requested by the applicant or the debtor and approved by the court, all existing claims against the company are suspended as of the commencement of the company restructuring, or, in respect of the actions other than the seizure of assets referred to below, after the application for company restructuring has become pending. The suspension as a main rule prohibits the enforcement and granting of security, the repayment and enforcement of debts that have fallen due before the commencement of the restructuring
286
program (although debts arising after the filing of the company restructuring application can be repaid and enforced) and the seizure of assets. The suspensions are in force until the company restructuring program has been confirmed by the district court or the proceedings have been dismissed due to lack of funds of the company under the restructuring program or due to a violation of the program by the debtor.
Debts arising after the filing of the application of the restructuring proceedings must be repaid as they become due. The same applies to fees, charges and other running expenses (e.g., lease payments) based on a continuous contractual relationship or on a continuous contract on use or possession, to the extent as these relate to the period subsequent to the filing of the application.
Creditors with equal ranking have an equal status in the arrangements of the restructuring of debts within the company restructuring program. Subject to certain restrictions set forth in the Finnish Restructuring of Enterprises Act, the following measures may be taken with respect to unsecured debts in the company restructuring program: (i) changing the repayment schedule; (ii) ordering that debt payments be considered as payments against principal first, and as payments of interest and other credit costs only second; (iii) reducing the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of a debt (or remove these obligations entirely); and (iv) reducing the outstanding principal balance of unpaid debt. The company restructuring program may also include the full or partial refinancing of debt. Consequently, the company restructuring proceedings could result in holders of the Notes receiving a right to recover considerably less than they would otherwise be entitled to recover under the Note Guarantees.
Secured debt in restructuring proceedings means restructuring debt where the creditor holds an effective (against third parties) security interest over property that belongs to or is in the possession of the debtor, but only insofar as the value of the security at the commencement of the restructuring proceedings would have been enough to cover the amount of the creditor's claim after the deduction of liquidation costs and claims with a higher priority. If the value of the security is less than the amount of the creditor's claim, the remaining unsecured part of the debt is considered ordinary unsecured debt. Secured debts include security interests over specific assets as well as business mortgages. Regarding business mortgages, only 50% of the value of the mortgaged property will be considered as secured debt. The value of the property will be determined in the restructuring program.
