Creditors with equal ranking have an equal status in the arrangements of the restructuring of debts within the company restructuring program. Subject to certain restrictions set forth in the Finnish Restructuring of Enterprises Act, the following measures may be taken with respect to unsecured debts in the company restructuring program: (i) changing the repayment schedule; (ii) ordering that debt payments be considered as payments against principal first, and as payments of interest and other credit costs only second; (iii) reducing the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of a debt (or remove these obligations entirely); and (iv) reducing the outstanding principal balance of unpaid debt. The company restructuring program may also include the full or partial refinancing of debt. Consequently, the company restructuring proceedings could result in holders of the Notes receiving a right to recover considerably less than they would otherwise be entitled to recover under the Note Guarantees.
The following debt arrangements may be applied to secured debt: (i) changing the repayment schedule; (ii) ordering that debt payments be applied as payments against principal first and as payments of interest and other credit costs second; and (iii) reducing the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of the debt. Even if the debt arrangement does not affect the existence or content of a creditor's security interest, the security arrangements relating to the debt may be altered by replacing the security with other fully adequate security.
Payments of secured debt shall be structured so that at least the present value of the secured debt will be repaid within a reasonable period, not to materially exceed the remainder of the credit period without the consent of the creditor or, if the debt has become due in full, one-half of the original credit period. As for reducing interest and other credit costs, a court will take into consideration the length of the remaining credit period. The longer the remaining credit period, the smaller the reduction in interest and credit costs.
The restructuring program proposal will be drawn up by the restructuring administrator, and the court will ratify it subject to the approval of all the creditors, or with the acceptance of a majority within the groups of creditors. However, there are some specific limitations under the Finnish Restructuring of Enterprises Act which apply although the restructuring program is approved by all creditors or by a majority within all groups of creditors. Furthermore, even if the majority would not exist in one or several groups of creditors, the restructuring program may nonetheless be approved at the request of the person who has prepared the proposal, the administrator or the debtor, subject to the terms specified in the Finnish Restructuring of Enterprises Act. The debtor may also submit a proposal to the court with respect to the restructuring program, which the court may consider in its discretion.
Bankruptcy
A debtor or a qualifying creditor may apply for bankruptcy from a court of competent jurisdiction when the debtor is unable to pay its debts and the inability to pay is not temporary. If the application is approved, an estate administrator (or several estate administrators) (pesanhoitaja) will be appointed by the court.
287
A bankruptcy covers all the liabilities of the debtor, and its objective is to liquidate the assets of the debtor and use the proceeds received in payment of the creditors' claims. The bankruptcy estate may (in exceptional situations) continue the company's business operations and the disposal of property should be realized as soon as it is reasonably possible. The debtor's assets are, from the beginning of the bankruptcy, subject to the authority of the estate administrator. The creditors are represented through the meeting of creditors. The estate administrator must act for the common benefit of all creditors and shall comply with the decisions and guidelines of the creditors in matters falling within the decision-making powers of the creditors.
As a main rule, in order to be entitled to a disbursement, a creditor must file a claim in bankruptcy in writing (a ``lodgment of claim'') with the estate administrator, by a deadline set by the estate administrator. Information concerning the deadline is sent to all known creditors and published in local newspaper as well as in the official gazette of Finland (V irallin en le h ti). The obligation to notify the bankruptcy estate of a claim is binding even on a creditor with a secured claim. A creditor who holds assets belonging to the debtor as security for the debt of a third party must, at the request of, and within a time limit set by, the estate administrator, provide the same information on the receivables and collateral as should be provided in a claim letter. A creditor who holds a business mortgage over the assets of the debtor as security for a claim shall file the claim as provided in the Finnish Bankruptcy Act. If a claim is denominated in a currency other than euro, the value in euro for the purposes of the bankruptcy proceedings is determined using the exchange rate of the date of commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings.
