The bankruptcy estate administrator, the administrator in the company restructuring and certain creditors may seek to recover assets of the debtor in connection with bankruptcy, company restructuring or
enforcement proceedings. The administrator or the creditors may, within a specified time, either file an action for recovery against the debtor's counterparty in a separate court proceeding or file an objection. In bankruptcy, this period to file an action is one year from the commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings or three months from the moment that the bankruptcy estate has discovered or should have discovered grounds for recovery. In the case of a company restructuring program, the administrator must file an action within six months from the commencement of the restructuring proceedings or within three months from the moment that the administrator has discovered or should have discovered grounds for recovery.
Certain general rules for recovery apply to all transactions between an insolvent debtor (including a debtor who becomes insolvent partially due to the transaction) and the counterparty of the debtor. A transaction concluded within five years prior to the date when the petition for bankruptcy, company restructuring or enforcement is filed with the court or relevant authority (as well as transactions performed after such date) may be recovered if: (i) the transaction, either by itself or together with other transactions, improperly (a) favors a creditor at the expense of other creditors, (b) places property beyond the reach of creditors, or (c) increases debts to the detriment of the creditors; (ii) the debtor, at the time of the transaction, was, or partly due to the transaction became, insolvent or, in case of a transaction considered to be a gift or a contract with the characteristics of a gift, over-indebted; (iii) the counterparty knew or should have known of the insolvency or over-indebtedness, or the relevance of the transaction to the debtor's economic situation; and (iv) the counterparty knew or should have known the facts mentioned above in clause (i), on the basis of which the transaction is considered improper. The grounds for recovery under Section 5 of the Recovery Act, which covers all transactions concluded between the debtor and a counterparty, are thus applicable only if the counterparty had qualified or should have had qualified knowledge of all the issues described above in (i) and (ii). Transactions between the debtor and certain (natural or legal) persons within the debtor's sphere of interest (as defined in the Recovery Act) may be recovered regardless of the date of the transaction.
Pursuant to the Recovery Act, certain transactions can, in certain circumstances, be recovered regardless of the good faith of the counterparty and regardless of the solvency of the debtor at the time of the transaction. Such transactions include, among other things: (i) payments received through enforcement; (ii) the payment of debts; and (iii) the granting of security. Any debt paid later than three months prior to the date when the petition for bankruptcy, company restructuring or enforcement is filed with the court or relevant authority (or, in the event that the beneficiary is a person within the debtor's sphere of interest, within two years) may be recovered if: (i) unusual means of payment have been used; (ii) the payment was premature; or (iii) the amount of payment was considerable in comparison to the assets of the debtor. However, a payment may not be recovered if it, when all circumstances are taken into consideration, may be held as customary. Security given later than three months prior to the date when the petition for bankruptcy, company restructuring or enforcement is filed with the court or the relevant authority (or, in the event that the beneficiary is a person within the debtor's sphere of interest, within two years) may be recovered if: (i) the parties had not agreed upon the security in connection with the granting of the credit; or (ii) the possession of the security had not been transferred, or any similar act perfecting the security had not been taken without unjustified delay after the granting of the credit.
When a transaction is recovered, the property that has been received from the debtor is returned to the debtor bankruptcy estate if the debtor is in bankruptcy. The bankruptcy estate or the debtor also returns the compensation that had been paid for the property. If the compensation has been placed beyond the reach of the creditors and the party that paid the compensation knew or should have known that this was the intention of the debtor, there is no obligation to return the compensation. If the property to be returned no longer exists, or is otherwise not returnable, compensation for the value of the property must be made. In addition, should the return of certain property cause inconvenience to the party under such obligation, a court may entitle such party to pay compensation equal to the value of the property instead of returning the property. The Recovery Act also sets forth an obligation to compensate for any decrease in value of the returnable property.
Accordingly, the validity of the Note Guarantees or any payment made thereunder may in the situations described above be challenged and it is possible that such challenge would be successful. If the granting of a Note Guarantee or a payment made thereunder is successfully challenged, then the granting of such Note Guarantee could be nullified or the payment recovered. If such a challenge is successful, holders of the Notes may lose the benefit of the relevant Note Guarantee and the value of any consideration that the holders of the Notes had already received under that Note Guarantee could be recovered from the holders of the Notes.
289
Limitations
Pursuant to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended, the "Finnish Companies Act") a Finnish company may not provide financing, or grant guarantees or security to secure the financing, of the acquisition of its or its parent company's shares (financial assistance). Generally, such provisions do not address any subsequent refinancing of acquisition debt. However, based on some views in the legal literature, in certain situations such subsequent refinancing, or the granting of guarantees or security to secure such subsequent refinancing, could be held to violate the applicable provisions on financial assistance.
