Stamp duty
Sweden
Applicable Insolvency Law
As follows from the section ``European Union Insolvency Law'' above, a Swedish entity will in principle be subject to insolvency proceedings covered by the EU Insolvency Regulation if it has its centre of main interest in Sweden. Certain of the Guarantors and security providers are incorporated under the laws of Sweden and as such any insolvency proceedings applicable to any such Guarantor including any and all of its assets (in Sweden and abroad) will, as a starting point and by virtue of Article 4 of the EU Insolvency Regulation, be governed by Swedish insolvency law (lex f o r i c o n c u rsu s).
Insolvency Proceedings
In the event of a bankruptcy of a Swedish company the court will appoint a receiver in bankruptcy (k o n k u rsfö rv a lta re ) who will work in the interest of all creditors with the objective of selling the debtor's assets and distribute the proceeds among the creditors.
The purpose of bankruptcy proceedings is to wind up the company in such a way that the company's creditors receive as high a proportion of their claims as possible. The receiver in bankruptcy is required to safeguard the assets and can decide to continue the business or to close it down, depending on what is best for all creditors. In general, the receiver in bankruptcy is required to sell the assets of the debtor as soon as possible and to distribute the proceeds in accordance with the mandatory priority rules as primarily set out in the Swedish Rights of Priority Act, as amended (F ö rm å n srä ttsla g en (1970:979)) (the ``Rights of Priority Act''). In the interim, the receiver in bankruptcy will take over the management and control of the company and the company's directors and/or managing director will no longer be entitled to represent the company or dispose of the company's assets.
A declaration of bankruptcy does not automatically terminate existing contracts; instead, the receiver in bankruptcy may in its discretion choose to have the bankruptcy estate itself step into any such existing contracts. A clause in a contract which provides that the contract is terminated by reason of bankruptcy proceedings or similar is likely to be unenforceable (the bankruptcy estate shall always be given a right to fulfill the debtor's obligations according to a contract). If the bankruptcy estate steps into the contract and performance by the creditor is due, the creditor may demand that the bankruptcy estate performs its newly assumed obligations as well or, if a grace period has been granted, request that the bankruptcy estate, without unreasonable delay, provides acceptable security for its performance. If performance by the creditor is not due, the creditor may request security where this is necessary in order to protect it against loss. If the bankruptcy estate does not step into the contract within a reasonable time after the creditor's demand or if it does not comply with the creditor's request to provide security, the creditor may terminate the contract.
Enforcement Process
