A declaration of bankruptcy does not automatically terminate existing contracts; instead, the receiver in bankruptcy may in its discretion choose to have the bankruptcy estate itself step into any such existing contracts. A clause in a contract which provides that the contract is terminated by reason of bankruptcy proceedings or similar is likely to be unenforceable (the bankruptcy estate shall always be given a right to fulfill the debtor's obligations according to a contract). If the bankruptcy estate steps into the contract and performance by the creditor is due, the creditor may demand that the bankruptcy estate performs its newly assumed obligations as well or, if a grace period has been granted, request that the bankruptcy estate, without unreasonable delay, provides acceptable security for its performance. If performance by the creditor is not due, the creditor may request security where this is necessary in order to protect it against loss. If the bankruptcy estate does not step into the contract within a reasonable time after the creditor's demand or if it does not comply with the creditor's request to provide security, the creditor may terminate the contract.
In case of enforcement outside of bankruptcy proceedings, in respect of real estate mortgages and business mortgages (fö r e ta g sh y p o te k ) and (as relevant) assets in the possession of the relevant security provider, an enforcement process is initiated by the creditor obtaining an enforcement order from the Swedish
291
Enforcement Authority (Kronofogden) or the courts. Upon obtaining an enforcement order against a debtor, a creditor may apply to the Swedish Enforcement Authority for enforcement of its claim. In respect of certain other types of assets, such as over shares, receivables, bank accounts, trademarks and contractual rights, enforcement can be carried out by the security holder itself. A provision granting the secured party or its agent such right of enforcement is typically included in any pledge agreement between the pledgor and the secured party or its agent. The secured party is typically entitled to enforce the security through a sale of the collateral. However, certain restrictions apply to the procedure for such a sale. The pledgor should, if the circumstances are not exceptional, be given prior notice of the contemplated enforcement and also of the time and location of the sale. Furthermore, sufficient notice should be given to prospective purchasers in order to create reasonable preconditions for a market price being obtained in the sale. Where the secured party has been granted the right to enforce the security through a private sale, such sale must be made to a party unaffiliated with the secured party unless the market price of the security can be independently and objectively established and the security is sold at such price. Pledges over receivables and other claims are, if the receivable or claim has fallen due, normally enforced through the secured party collecting the payment as opposed to selling the receivable.
Enforcement of security in bankruptcy is also subject to certain restrictions. A holder of a real property mortgage, a business mortgage or security over specific assets in the possession of the relevant security provider may demand that is the relevant assets are sold by the receiver in bankruptcy without undue delay, provided the underlying claim is not disputed or has been confirmed in a non-appealable decision. This rule does not, however, apply to such assets as are necessary for the continuation of the debtor company's business. The receiver in bankruptcy may thus postpone such sale if the receiver in bankruptcy determines that the bankruptcy estate would either incur a considerable loss or that the implementation of a public composition proceeding (offentligt ackord) would become substantially more difficult, provided that a postponement is not unreasonable to the secured creditor. A creditor holding a possessory pledge over movable property (such as shares) may arrange for the sale of the movable property at a public auction (but not sell the moveable property privately unless the receiver in bankruptcy consents). However, financial instruments and currency are exempt from the requirement for the receiver in bankruptcy's consent. The secured party may either sell such financial instruments or currency immediately or assume ownership (against reduction of the secured debt with the market value of such assets or, if the market value of the assets exceeds the outstanding debt, against repayment to the debtor of the surplus), provided the realization is done in a commercially viable manner. Should the security granted consist of rights over unlisted shares in the subsidiary of the debtor, the receiver in bankruptcy must still be given an opportunity to redeem the shares prior to the sale or deduction.
Priority of Certain Creditors
As a general principle, under Swedish insolvency law competing claims have equal right to payment in relation to the size of the amount claimed from the debtor's assets. However, some preferential and secured creditors, where such preference or security may arise as a consequence of law, have the benefit of payment before all other creditors (in the case of preferential creditors only) and all unsecured creditors out of the assets that secure the creditors' claims (in the case of secured creditors only). There are two types of preferential rights: specific and general preferential rights. Specific preferential rights apply to certain specific property and give the creditor a right to payment from such property. General preferential rights cover all property belonging to the insolvent company's estate in bankruptcy, which is not covered by specific preferential rights, and give the creditor a right to payment from such property. Claims that do not carry any of the above-mentioned preferential rights or exceed the value of the security provided for such claim (to the extent of such excess), are non-preferential and are of equal standing as against each other (unless subordinated). A claim can be subordinated if, for instance, the creditor has entered into an agreement with the debtor stipulating such subordination.
Challengeable Transactions
In Swedish bankruptcy and, if certain conditions are met, company reorganization proceedings, transactions can (in certain circumstances and subject to a time limit) be reversed and the goods or monies can then be returned to the bankruptcy estate or the company subject to company reorganization. Broadly, these transactions include, among others, situations where the debtor has conveyed property fraudulently or preferentially to one creditor to the detriment of its other creditors before the initiation of the relevant insolvency proceedings, created a new security interest, granted a guarantee or security that was either not stipulated at the time when the secured obligation arose or not perfected without delay after such time and
