Challengeable Transactions
292
the delay is not considered to be ordinary, or paid a debt that is not due or that is considerable compared to the value of the debtor's assets or if the payment is made by using unusual means of payment. In the majority of situations, a claim for recovery can be made concerning actions that were made during the three or six months preceding the commencement of the relevant Swedish insolvency proceedings. In certain situations, longer time limits apply and in others there are no time limits. These include, among others, situations where the other party to an agreement or other arrangement is deemed to be a closely related party to the debtor such as a subsidiary or parent company.
Limitations on Enforceability Due to the Swedish Reorganization Act
The Swedish Reorganization Act (L a g (1 9 9 6 :7 6 4 ) o m fo r e ta g sr e k o n str u k tio n ) provides companies facing difficulties in meeting their payment obligations with an opportunity to resolve these difficulties without being declared bankrupt. A petition for company reorganization may be presented to the court by the debtor or a creditor of the debtor but a reorganization order may only be granted subject to the debtor's approval. Corporate reorganization proceedings shall, as a main rule, terminate within three months from commencement but may under certain conditions be extended for up to one year.
An administrator (re k o n stru k to r) is appointed by the court and supervises the day-to-day activities and safeguards the interests of creditors as well as the debtor. However, the debtor remains in full possession of the business except that the consent of the administrator is required for important decisions such as paying a debt that has fallen due prior to the granting of a reorganization order, granting security for a debt that arose prior to the granting of the reorganization order, undertaking new obligations or transferring, pledging or granting rights in respect of assets of a substantial value for the business. However, the absence of such consent does not affect the validity of the transaction (but may jeopardize the reorganization).
Upon the opening of corporate reorganization proceedings, the administrator must notify the creditors of the reorganization proceedings and will draw up a reorganization plan specifying the proposed action to be taken to resolve the debtor's difficulties. A creditors' meeting will be held at which the creditors will be given the opportunity to express their opinions as to whether the reorganization should continue. Upon the request of any of the creditors, the court shall appoint a creditors' committee of a maximum of three persons. The administrator shall, if possible, consult with the creditors' committee prior to taking any important decisions.
The corporate reorganization proceedings do not have the effect of terminating contracts entered into by the debtor. However, the opening of corporate reorganization proceedings entails limitations in the contracting party's right to terminate a contract due to the debtor's delay in payment or performance. Such limitations are similar to that which is stated above in respect of a bankruptcy estate's right to step into existing contracts. The limitations are not applicable where a creditor has security over, in ter a lia , financial instruments or receivables originating from a loan granted by a credit institution. During the reorganization procedure, the debtor's business activities continue in the ordinary course of business. However, the procedure includes a suspension of payments to creditors and the debtor may not pay a debt that fell due prior to the granting of the reorganization order without the consent of the administrator and such consent may only be granted should there be exceptional reasons for doing so and any petition for bankruptcy in respect of the debtor will be stayed. A moratorium also applies to execution in respect of a claim or enforcement of security during corporate reorganization proceedings unless the security assets are in the physical possession of the secured creditor or any agent acting on behalf of such creditor, which is the case with a Swedish law share pledge over the shares in a Swedish limited liability company where the share certificates of such company has been delivered to the secured creditor or its agent and with a Swedish law pledge over a loan governed by a negotiable debt instrument (lo p a n d e sk u ld e b re v ) where such negotiable debt instrument has been delivered to the secured creditor or its agent.
The debtor may apply to the courts requesting public composition proceedings (o ffen tlig t a c k o rd ) which means that the amount of a creditor's claim may be reduced on a percentage basis. The proposal for a public composition must meet certain requirements such as that a sufficient proportion of the creditors which are allowed to vote, in respect of a sufficient proportion of the outstanding claims vote in favor of such public composition. Creditors with set-off rights and secured creditors will not participate in the composition unless they wholly or partly waive their set-off rights or priority rights. Should the security not cover a secured creditor's full claim, the remaining claim will, however, be part of a composition. A creditors' meeting is convened to vote on the proposed composition. The public composition is binding on all creditors that were entitled to participate, i.e. also creditors who have not attended the creditors'
