The corporate reorganization proceedings do not have the effect of terminating contracts entered into by the debtor. However, the opening of corporate reorganization proceedings entails limitations in the contracting party's right to terminate a contract due to the debtor's delay in payment or performance. Such limitations are similar to that which is stated above in respect of a bankruptcy estate's right to step into existing contracts. The limitations are not applicable where a creditor has security over, in ter a lia , financial instruments or receivables originating from a loan granted by a credit institution. During the reorganization procedure, the debtor's business activities continue in the ordinary course of business. However, the procedure includes a suspension of payments to creditors and the debtor may not pay a debt that fell due prior to the granting of the reorganization order without the consent of the administrator and such consent may only be granted should there be exceptional reasons for doing so and any petition for bankruptcy in respect of the debtor will be stayed. A moratorium also applies to execution in respect of a claim or enforcement of security during corporate reorganization proceedings unless the security assets are in the physical possession of the secured creditor or any agent acting on behalf of such creditor, which is the case with a Swedish law share pledge over the shares in a Swedish limited liability company where the share certificates of such company has been delivered to the secured creditor or its agent and with a Swedish law pledge over a loan governed by a negotiable debt instrument (lo p a n d e sk u ld e b re v ) where such negotiable debt instrument has been delivered to the secured creditor or its agent.
293
meeting will be bound. However, the obligations of a guarantor under a guarantee provided in respect of a creditor's claim which has been reduced by way of public composition will not be reduced correspondingly but will remain valid up to the original amount of such creditor's claim.
Liquidation due to capital deficiency
Pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (a k tieb o la g sla g en (2005:551)), as amended (the ``Swedish Companies Act''), whenever a company's board of directors has a reason to assume that, as a result of losses or reductions in the value of the company's assets or any other event, the company's equity is less than half the registered share capital, the company's board of directors shall prepare a special balance sheet (k o n tro llb a la n sra k n in g ) and have the auditors examine it. The same obligation arises if the company in connection with enforcement pursuant to Chapter 4 of the Swedish Enforcement Code (u tso k n in g sb a lk e n (1981:774)) is found to lack seizeable assets.
If the special balance sheet shows that the equity of such company is less than half of the registered share capital, the board of directors shall, as soon as possible, issue notice to call a shareholders' meeting which shall consider whether the company shall go into liquidation (initial shareholders' meeting). The special balance sheet and an auditor's report with respect thereto shall be presented at the initial shareholders' meeting.
If the special balance sheet presented at the initial shareholders' meeting fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, the equity of the company amounts to the registered share capital and the initial shareholders' meeting has not resolved that the company shall go into liquidation, the shareholders' meeting shall, within eight months of the initial shareholders' meeting, reconsider the issue whether the company shall go into liquidation (second shareholders' meeting). Prior to the second shareholders' meeting, the board of directors shall prepare a new special balance sheet and cause such to be reviewed by the company's auditors. The new special balance sheet and an auditor's report thereon shall be presented at the second shareholders' meeting.
A shareholders' resolution on liquidation of the company shall be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (B o la g sv e rk e t), which shall appoint a liquidator. Should the shareholders not resolve on such voluntary liquidation where required (which is where (i) a second shareholders' meeting is not held within the period of time stated above, or (ii) the new special balance sheet which was presented at the second shareholders' meeting was not reviewed by the company's auditor or fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, the equity of the company amounts to at least the registered share capital), the court may put the company into compulsory liquidation and appoint a liquidator. The liquidator takes over management and control of the company and shall sell the company's assets and settle the company's debts with the proceeds. The liquidator shall give notice to the company's unknown creditors and creditors that have not lodged their claims with the liquidator within six months following such notice will have forfeited their rights to their claims.
Limitations on the Value of a Guarantee or Security Interest
