298
Registration of Security
The establishment and perfection of certain security instruments in Poland, in particular registered pledges and mortgages, requires the execution of certain documents and entry in certain registers. A registered pledge is effective at the actual date of registration. A mortgage is created at the registration with the back effect from the date of filing the application to the court. Registration proceedings can last up to three weeks. Registered pledges and mortgages have priority in the order they were registered, unless agreed otherwise. To the extent that the security grantor has tax obligations in Poland, registered pledge may be encumbered with a treasury lien for the benefit of the State Treasury. It is a standard market practice that until the entry of the pledge in the register, the payment obligations are secured by a financial pledge over shares, which does not give the same scope of rights to secured creditors as the registered pledge in terms of protection against unauthorized transfers and subsequent charges.
Effectiveness of Security
In general, financial pledges contemplated in the relevant Security Documents will become effective upon notification to the relevant debtor. The pledge will not be effective against the company unless and until such notification is made.
Generally, the establishment of a registered pledge will not prevent third-party creditors of the security grantor from initiating enforcement proceedings to satisfy their claims. In such event, the Security Agent will have the right to participate in the distribution of funds resulting from such enforcement and its claims will have priority over unsecured claims of third parties (except for certain court-enforcement expenses, alimony claims and employee and pension claims) and claims secured with the lower-ranking pledges according to the order of priorities set forth in accordance with applicable law.
Under Polish law, pledges and mortgages are considered an accessory to the underlying secured obligations, which automatically terminate if the secured obligations have been satisfied, become void or otherwise expire or, in general, the pledge/mortgage is released by the pledgee/mortgagee.
Parallel Debt
Parallel debt as a concept has been considered and accepted by Polish courts in the context of foreign-law debts, even though the concept is not valid under Polish law per se.
