The restructuring proceedings are instituted by a court ruling. The decision to apply to court for the institution of the restructuring proceedings is passed by the company's general meeting of shareholders. Between the institution of the restructuring proceedings until the approval of the restructuring plan the company may not perform any liabilities or obligations that arose before the institution of the restructuring proceedings, transfer its assets, apply set-off, etc., the calculation of interest and default interest is stopped and the execution under the execution writs is stopped.
The main document regulating the payments of the company during the restructuring is the restructuring plan approved by the company's general meeting of shareholders, the creditors having at least 2/3 of all creditors' claims and the court. Lithuanian law establishes the procedure of satisfaction of creditors' claims. The creditors' claims secured by pledge/mortgage are satisfied from the sale proceeds of these pledged/mortgaged assets. If the creditor holds Financial Collateral in respect of the company under restructuring, the creditor may immediately use the Financial Collateral to satisfy its claims against the debtor (by way of set-off). The claims of other creditors are satisfied in two stages. During the first stage creditors' claims excluding interest and penalties are satisfied, while in the second stage the remaining part of the creditors' claims (interest and penalties) are settled. All creditors' claims are settled in the following sequence prescribed by Lithuanian law:
(a) firstly, the claims of the employees arising from employment relationship, claims for occupational injuries or death due to accidents at work and claims for the agricultural products bought for the processing purposes and the claims of secured creditors, not exceeding the value of the pledged/ mortgaged assets not sold during the restructuring process, are settled;
(b) secondly, claims of all other creditors are satisfied (except for claims indicated in a third level below and claims of the creditors providing the new loans to the company during the restructuring process not secured by pledge/mortgage);
(c) thirdly, claims of the company's shareholders controlling the company not related to the employment relationship are settled.
Each lower level of creditors' claims is satisfied only after all creditors' claims of upper levels are fully satisfied. If the company's assets are insufficient to satisfy all creditors; claims on the same level, then the claims of the same level are satisfied in proportion to the size of a claim. The claims of the creditors that have not matured until the institution of the restructuring proceeding may be settled not earlier than upon their maturity. Debt subordination agreements might not be enforceable in case of bankruptcy, because parties may not change the priority of the creditors prescribed by Lithuanian law.
The restructuring may last no longer than four years but extensions are possible.
302
Grant of Guarantees and Security Interests
