302
Under the general concept of Lithuanian law a Lithuanian company may offer collateral or issue a guarantee or surety to secure the fulfillment of the third person's liabilities provided corporate benefit exits for that Lithuanian company. Guarantees and Security Documents with no corporate benefit for the guarantor may be declared void by the court.
The Company Law of Lithuania (No. VIII-1835, Akciniy bendroviy istatymas) prohibits limited liability companies incorporated in Lithuania from providing guarantees or granting security or other credit support for obligations of any person where such obligations are being incurred for the purpose of acquiring shares in the company itself.
Under Lithuanian law, decisions to offer surety or guarantee for the discharge of obligations of third persons, as well as decisions to pledge the fixed assets of the company, the amount of which exceeds 5% of the share capital of the company are passed by the management board of the company (or, where no management board is formed, by the head of the company), except as otherwise provided for in the articles of association. The articles of association may require prior approval of the above by the meeting of shareholders and/or the supervisory board. Such prior approval, however, does not eliminate the liability of the management for the transaction entered.
As a general rule, transactions made by the managing bodies of a company in breach of the competence conferred on them by the incorporation documents or law may be declared void only if it is proved that the counterparty acted in bad faith (i.e., such party knew or should have known that the management bodies were acting ultra vires). The fact of public announcement of the founding documents of the company is not a sufficient proof of the counterparty's bad faith. Therefore, the company is bound to prove that the counterparty acted in bad faith deliberately.
A transaction may be challenged if it is entered into to cover up another transaction (i.e., if the parties intended to enter into a transaction different from the simulated transaction). Similarly, a transaction may be challenged if it was entered due to material mistake or a party's consent to make a transaction was obtained by fraud, extorted by duress, economic pressure or induced by threat. Likewise, a transaction made by the malicious agreement of an agent of one party with the other party, or a transaction entered into because of abusive circumstances may be declared void by the court.
A creditor may challenge a transaction made by a debtor, if the debtor was not obliged to enter into it and that transaction violates the rights of the creditor and the debtor knew or ought to have known that. The creditor's rights were considered violated if (a) as a result of such a transaction the debtor became insolvent, (b) the debtor, being insolvent, granted preference to another creditor, or (c) the rights of the creditor were infringed in any other way.
Lithuanian law draws distinction between a guarantee and a surety. The liability of a guarantor under a guarantee depends on the validity of the principal secured obligation and is limited to the amount indicated in the guarantee. The guarantor's obligation to pay under the guarantee arises according to the terms of the guarantee. The liability of the surety provider under the surety may be either joint and several or several. In the case of several liability, the enforcement must firstly be sought from the original debtor (the Issuer) and only if the original debtor is not able to settle the debts, the enforcement may be sought from the surety provider (as the case may be). In case of joint and several liability, the enforcement may be sought from either the original debtor or the surety provider or both. The obligations under the Note Guarantees may be enforced only if the obligations under the Notes have matured. Therefore, if the relevant Guarantor goes bankrupt and the Issuer has not yet become obligated to fulfill under the Notes, the liability under the Notes becomes unsecured.
Under Lithuanian law a mortgage or pledge gives security (benefit) only to those creditors who are indicated in a pledge or mortgage agreement (pledgees). If one authorised person (e.g., the Security Agent) represents several creditors, then by the agreement of the creditors the pledge/mortgage agreement may stipulate that only that authorised person will be indicated as a creditor in the Mortgage Register of the Republic of Lithuania. In this case the representation ground should be indicated in the Mortgage Register of the Republic of Lithuania. Though Lithuanian law permits certain types of pledge or mortgage to create security for multiple obligations pursuant to one pledge or mortgage agreement, in practice one pledge or mortgage agreement secures only one obligation (i.e., monetary obligations arising under one agreement) and the performance of any other obligation is secured by the pledge or mortgage of the same collateral by a lower ranking pledge or mortgage agreement. In any event the restrictions and limitations under Lithuanian laws with respect to enforceability of creditors' rights will apply. As a result, the
