Stages
Generally, bankruptcy proceedings start with the supervision stage. During the supervision stage, a temporary manager proposed by creditors and appointed by the court determines the amount of indebtedness, analyses the debtor's financial standing, receives creditors' applications and arranges the first creditors' meeting, at which creditors decide on the next stage(s) of bankruptcy. However, during the supervision stage management of the debtor remains in charge of its day-to-day operations, under the supervision of the temporary manager.
Upon commencement of the supervision stage, all obligations of the debtor, other than current claims (i.e., those which have arisen after the commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings), may only be settled through the bankruptcy proceedings, and all such obligations become immediately due and payable. Information on commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings is published in an official newspaper chosen based on public tender results (which has been Kommersant newspaper for the last several years) and is available on the Internet. All creditors must within 30 days after commencement of the supervision stage present their claims to the debtor. However, as a matter of Russian law, commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings in respect of a Russian Guarantor would allow the creditors thereof to enter into these proceedings if the payment under the secured obligations became due and remains unpaid. Generally, the duration of the supervision stage is 7 months.
Following the supervision stage, the court may, upon resolution of the creditors, rule on a proposed financial restructuring of the debtor. During the financial restructuring the existing management of the debtor continues day-to-day operations, under the control of the administrative manager. The aim of this stage is to protect the debtor from creditors, restore the debtor's solvency, and arrange for the repayment of the relevant debts in accordance with agreed payment schedule. Financial restructuring may last for up to two years and is rarely used, as it usually requires the provision of security by a third party to ensure the satisfaction of the creditors' claims.
Another pathway to restore the debtor's solvency is external management, which may last for up to 24 months. Upon commencement of such external management the powers of the debtor's management are terminated and the external manager obtains all management powers over the debtor. External management leads to a moratorium on the discharge of obligations of the debtor. An external manager has various powers which they may exercise in attempting to restore the solvency of the debtor, including powers to dispose of assets, terminate contracts, issue shares and replace or exchange assets.
If the solvency of the debtor cannot be restored the court will commence the bankruptcy management stage. A bankruptcy manager, who replaces the management of the debtor (if it remains), primarily focuses on identification of all creditors, restoration of the assets, further sale of the assets and discharge of the obligations in accordance with the priority of claims.
304
P riority o f claim s
Russian bankruptcy law specifies the order of priority in which the debtor's claims shall be discharged. All claims which became due before or on the commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings (``bankruptcy claims'') are discharged as follows:
