(1) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or instrument to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and
No Sale of Similar Securities
The Issuer has agreed, subject to certain exceptions, that they or their affiliates will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any of the Notes or any instrument relating to debt or preferred equity securities (having a term of more than one year) for a period of 90 days from the date the Notes are issued without first obtaining the written consent of the Initial Purchasers.
New Issue of Notes
The Notes are a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We will apply, through our listing agent, to have the Fixed Rate Notes and the Floating Rate Notes listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of that exchange, though we cannot assure you that the Notes will be approved for listing or that such listing will be maintained. The Initial Purchasers have advised us that they presently intend to make a market in the Notes after completion of this Offering. However, the Initial Purchasers are under no obligation to do so and may discontinue any market-making activities at any time without notice. In addition, any such market-making activity will be subject to the limits imposed by the U.S. Securities Act and the U.S. Exchange Act. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that any market for the Notes will develop, or that it will be liquid if it does develop, or that you will be able to sell any Notes at a particular time or at a price which will be favorable to you.
Price Stabilization and Short Positions
In connection with the offering, J.P. Morgan Securities plc (the ``Stabilizing Manager") (or persons acting on its behalf) may purchase and sell Notes in the open market. These transactions may include over-allotment, stabilizing transactions, covering transactions and penalty bids. Over-allotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which creates a short position for the Initial Purchasers. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Covering transactions involve purchases of the Notes in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short position. Penalty bids permit the Initial Purchasers to reclaim a selling concession from a broker/dealer when the Notes originally sold by such broker/dealer are purchased in a stabilizing or covering transaction to cover short positions. These transactions may be effected in the over-the-counter market or otherwise.
These activities may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. As a result, the price of the Notes may be higher than the prices that otherwise might exist in the open market. Neither the Initial Purchasers nor the Issuer make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the Notes. In addition, there is no obligation on the Stabilizing Manager to engage in such transactions and neither the Initial Purchasers nor the Issuer make any representation that the Stabilizing Manager will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. Any stabilizing action, if commenced, must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Notes.
Initial Settlement
