N otes.
Each purchaser of the Notes hereunder (other than each of the Initial Purchasers) will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed with us, the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers and the Adviser as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A and Regulation S are used herein as defined therein):
(1) it understands and acknowledges that the Notes and the Note Guarantees have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws and that the Notes are being offered for resale in transactions not requiring registration under the U.S. Securities Act or any other securities laws, including sales pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act, and may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except in compliance with the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and to persons and any other applicable securities laws or pursuant to an exemption therefrom and in each case in compliance with the conditions for transfer set forth in paragraphs (4) and (5) below;
(2) it is not an "affiliate'' (as defined in Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act) of a Guarantor or the Issuer or acting on a Guarantor's or the Issuer's behalf and it is either (a) a QIB and is aware that any sale of these Notes to it will be made in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act, and such acquisition will be for its own account or for the account of another QIB; or (b) it is not a U.S. person purchasing the Notes outside the United States in an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act;
(3) it acknowledges that none of the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Adviser, nor any person representing any of them has made any representation to it with respect to the offering or sale of any Notes, other than the information contained in this offering memorandum, which offering memorandum has been delivered to it and upon which it is relying in making its investment decision with respect to the Notes. It has had access to such financial and other information concerning us, the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Notes and the Note Guarantees as it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase any of the Notes, including an opportunity to ask questions of, and request information from, the Initial Purchasers or the Issuer. It acknowledges that none of the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Adviser or any person representing any such person make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this offering memorandum. It acknowledges that the Issuer, and not the Initial Purchasers or the Adviser, has ultimate authority over the statements contained in this offering memorandum, including the content of those statements and whether and how to communicate them;
(4) it is purchasing the Notes for its own account, or for an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and for which it is acting as a fiduciary or agent, in each case for investment, and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws, subject to any requirement of law that the disposition of its property or the property of such investor account or accounts be at all times within its or their control and subject to its or their ability to resell such Notes pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S;
(5) it understands and agrees that if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer any Notes or any beneficial interests in any Notes it will do so only (i) to the Issuer, (ii) for so long as the Notes are eligible pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act, to a person it reasonably believes is a QIB that purchases for its own account or for the account of a QIB to whom notice is given that the transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and (iii) to persons other than U.S. persons, outside the United States in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act and in the case of (ii) and (iii) the purchaser
310
will, and each subsequent holder is required to, notify the subsequent purchaser of the Notes from it of the resale restrictions applicable to the Notes;
