There is no treaty between the United States and the Russian Federation on the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitral awards) in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, Russian
courts are not obliged to recognize and enforce a final judgment rendered by a U.S. court. Russian courts may do so at their discretion on the basis of the principles of international comity and reciprocity. However, there are no guarantees that a final judgment rendered by a U.S. court will be recognized and enforced in Russia. Moreover, Russian courts will not enforce in Russia any judgment of a foreign court if:  the judgment has not entered into force;  process was not timely and duly served on the party against whom the judgment is rendered, or that
party was otherwise deprived of the right to present its case to the foreign court;  the case falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of Russian courts;  there is a judgment of a Russian court that has entered into force and that concerns the same claim
between the same parties, or proceedings involving the same dispute between the same parties have been commenced before a Russian court prior to the commencement of the relevant proceedings before the foreign court;  the term for enforcement of the judgment of the foreign court has lapsed; or  the enforcement of the judgment is contrary to the public order (ordre public) of the Russian Federation (including if enforcement would lead to breach of good faith, equality of the parties and adequacy of the liability), or, in certain cases may affect its sovereignty and security.
316
LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with the Offering will be passed upon for us by Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, as to matters of U.S. federal and New York state law, and by Attorneys at Law Borenius Ltd, Finland, as to matters of Finnish law. Certain legal matters in connection with the Offering of the Notes will be passed upon for the Initial Purchasers by Latham & Watkins (London) LLP, as to matters of U.S. federal and New York state law, and by Roschier, Attorneys Ltd., as to matters of Finnish law.
317
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS The consolidated financial statements including the notes thereto of Paroc Group Oy as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 included in this offering memorandum have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Finland (``PwC"), independent auditors, as stated in the auditor's reports appearing herein.
318
