F-10
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) · Annual improvements 2011 - 2013 reporting cycle include changes to IFRS 3 Business combinations,
IFRS 13 Fair value measurement and IAS 40 Investment property. The effective date is July 1, 2014. The standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU. The above mentioned amendments to the standards and interpretations are estimated to have an impact mainly on the disclosures for the Group.
Critical accounting estimates and judgments The preparation of financial statements requires estimates and assumptions regarding the future in which results may differ from the estimates and assumptions made. In addition to this, applying the accounting policies requires management judgment. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Uncertainty related to critical accounting estimates The group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.
Estimated impairment testing The Group tests goodwill, intangible assets not yet available for use and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually. In addition to this, impairment indicators are assessed at each reporting date as described in the accounting policies. The recoverable amounts of the cash generating units are determined based on value in use calculations. The Group's business is managed on a matrix basis and as such, cash generating units for goodwill impairment testing purposes have been determined on a geographical basis, however, impairment calculations have been prepared also on a business area basis, which is the primary basis for managing the business. Preparation of these calculations requires the use of estimates, which are further described in Note 12. The pre-tax cash flow projections are based on budgeted amounts and strategy forecasts approved by the Board of Directors. Cash flows beyond the three-year projection period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rate of 2% (2012: 2%). The discount rate used in the impairment testing is the pre-tax weighted average cost of capital ("WACC"), which consist of the peer group unlevered beta and risk free rate per country targeted debt to equity ratio. Additional information on sensitivity of the recoverable amount to changes in assumptions used is presented in the note 12 Intangible assets.
Income taxes The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Management judgment is required for the calculation of the provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Group reviews at each balance sheet date the carrying amount of deferred tax assets. The Group considers whether it is probable that the group entities will have sufficient taxable profits against which the unused tax losses or unused tax credits can be utilized. The factors used in estimates may differ from actual outcome which could lead to significant adjustments to deferred tax assets expensed in the statement of income. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.
F-11
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
