Consolidation principles
The acquisition method is applied to business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is determined as the fair values of the assets transferred and liabilities incurred. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Acquired subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method, according to which the assets and liabilities of the acquired company are measured at fair value as of the acquisition date.
Goodwill is the excess of the cost of the business combination over the acquirer's interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities. Subsidiaries acquired during the financial year are included in the financial statements from the date of their acquisition and disposed subsidiaries are included up to their date of sale.
All internal transactions, receivables and liabilities, distribution of profit and unrealized profits are eliminated at consolidation.
Foreign subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Euros which is the functional and presentation currency of the parent company. Items of each subsidiary included in the consolidated financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates ("the functional currency''). In the consolidated financial statements the statements of income of the foreign subsidiaries are translated at average exchange rates and statements of financial position at the closing rate as of the date of that statement of financial position. Translating the profit for the year and the total comprehensive income for the year using different exchange rates causes translation differences. This change is presented in other comprehensive income. Correspondingly, the translation differences arising from the equity of the foreign subsidiaries are recorded under equity and presented in other comprehensive income. In addition, cumulative translation adjustment includes the exchange gains and losses on monetary items (foreign currency denominated receivables from subsidiaries) that qualify for the classification as a part of the net investment in the foreign operation. When a consolidated foreign
F-12
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) subsidiary is sold, the cumulative translation differences relating to that subsidiary recorded in equity are recognized in the statement of income as part of gain or loss on the sale.
