All research costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs are also expensed as incurred unless all of the following six criteria are met:1
F-14
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) (2) there is intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it (3) there is ability to use the intangible asset or to sell it (4) intangible asset will generate future income (5) adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development are available (6) the cost can be measured reliably. After all the criteria are met, the development costs are recognized
as an asset and amortized as mentioned above.
Computer Software Acquisition costs of new software clearly associated with an identifiable and unique product, which will be controlled by the Group and generates probable future economic benefits, are recognized as an intangible asset and depreciated over the software's expected useful life. Associated costs include staff costs of the implementation team and an appropriate portion of overhead, but exclude the cost of maintaining the software, which is expensed as incurred. Website costs are expensed as incurred.
Emission allowances Acquired CO2 rights are capitalized under intangible assets at cost. CO2 rights received free of charge are recognized at zero value. A provision is recognized to cover the obligation to return emission allowances when the CO2 rights received free of charge are not enough to cover the actual amount of emissions. The provision is measured at its expected value, which is the market value of those emission rights needed to meet the return obligation at the reporting date or the contractual price if the emission rights are based on a contract or they have been otherwise agreed on.
Property, plant and equipment Property, plant and equipment, include among others buildings and infrastructure, machinery and equipment used in the production and vehicles, are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses Acquisition cost includes all costs necessary to bring the asset to working condition for its intended use. This includes the asset's original purchase price, costs of site preparation, delivery and handling, installation, related professional fees for architects and engineers, and in case the entity incurs an obligation to dismantle and remove the asset and restore the site on which it is located, the estimated cost of meeting this obligation. General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated on a straight-line basis over the expected useful lives. Land is not depreciated, with the exception of asphalting and other infrastructure costs.
F-15
