Other government grants are recognized on a systematic basis as income over the periods necessary to match them with the costs for which they are intended to compensate. Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred, or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs, are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.
At the end of each reporting period the Group assesses, whether there are any indications that an asset is impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually, irrespective as to whether there are any indications of impairment. In addition to this, an impairment test is performed whenever there are indicators of impairment. For impairment testing purposes, goodwill is allocated to cash generating units based on the reporting structure applied in monitoring the Group's business.
The recoverable amount of a cash generating unit is the higher of its fair value less cost to sell or value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the cash-generating unit. The discount rate used in determining the present value of the cash flows is a pre-tax rate reflecting the current market assessment of the time value of money and asset specific risks.
F-16
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
An impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated statement of income, if the carrying amount of the asset or cash generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed if the recoverable amount of the asset is increased. However, the reversal of the impairment loss shall not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed.
Leases
Group as lessee
