Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets held for trading. A financial asset is classified in this category principally for the purpose of selling it in the short term. Derivatives are also included in this category unless they are designated as hedging instruments that qualify for hedge accounting.
The Group's available-for-sale financial assets consist of investments in unquoted shares. These shares have been measured at cost, because their fair values cannot be measured reliably. Dividends received are presented as part of finance income. An impairment of financial assets available-for-sale is recognized if there is objective evidence of impairment.
Financial assets are classified as current assets if expected to be settled within 12 months, otherwise they are classified as non-current.
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.
F-17
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) Derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments are initially and subsequently recognized at fair value in the statement of financial position. Derivatives are designated as hedges of the fair value of recognized assets and liabilities (fair value hedges), hedges of forecast transactions or firm commitments (cash flow hedges) or hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedge). The Group has only applied cash flow hedge accounting in the consolidated financial statements. At the contract date the derivatives are classified as hedging instruments for cash flow hedge accounting purposes. The interest rate differential component of foreign exchange forwards is immediately recognized in the statement of income. The effective portion of the change in the fair value of the currency component is recognized in other comprehensive income in the fair value reserve and the ineffective portion is adjusted to sales or purchases. When the underlying forecasted sale or purchase occurs the cumulative changes of fair value are transferred into the statement of income to adjust sales or purchases. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss recorded in equity under other comprehensive income at that time remains in equity and is recognized in the statement of income when the forecasted transaction occurs. If the forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss reported in other comprehensive income is immediately transferred to the statement of income. Hedging effectiveness testing is carried out at least every quarter. The Group applies cash flow hedge accounting for hedging its interest rate risk using interest rate derivatives. The changes in the fair values of the hedging instruments are recorded through the fair value reserve. The cash flow hedge accounting impact from interest rate swaps is recognized gross under finance income and costs.
Inventories Inventories are measured at lower of cost or net realizable value. Costs are assigned to inventories by the method most appropriate to the particular class of inventory, with purchased inventories being valued on a first-in-first-out (FIFO) basis and manufactured inventories being technically valued at the standard costs, reflecting the FIFO basis, comprising direct costs and a systematic appropriate allocation of indirect costs related to fixed and variable manufacturing overheads. Raw material costs include transportation, load handling and other costs incurred in conjunction with the supply of stone from Paroc's own and concession quarries. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. An allowance for obsolete products and spare parts is recorded as expense in the period during which the obsolescence has been noted based on technical aging or other factors.
