2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) Derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments are initially and subsequently recognized at fair value in the statement of financial position. Derivatives are designated as hedges of the fair value of recognized assets and liabilities (fair value hedges), hedges of forecast transactions or firm commitments (cash flow hedges) or hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedge). The Group has only applied cash flow hedge accounting in the consolidated financial statements. At the contract date the derivatives are classified as hedging instruments for cash flow hedge accounting purposes. The interest rate differential component of foreign exchange forwards is immediately recognized in the statement of income. The effective portion of the change in the fair value of the currency component is recognized in other comprehensive income in the fair value reserve and the ineffective portion is adjusted to sales or purchases. When the underlying forecasted sale or purchase occurs the cumulative changes of fair value are transferred into the statement of income to adjust sales or purchases. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss recorded in equity under other comprehensive income at that time remains in equity and is recognized in the statement of income when the forecasted transaction occurs. If the forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss reported in other comprehensive income is immediately transferred to the statement of income. Hedging effectiveness testing is carried out at least every quarter. The Group applies cash flow hedge accounting for hedging its interest rate risk using interest rate derivatives. The changes in the fair values of the hedging instruments are recorded through the fair value reserve. The cash flow hedge accounting impact from interest rate swaps is recognized gross under finance income and costs.
Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash at hand, bank deposits and other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.
Share capital Ordinary shares are classified as equity. The Group does not have any treasury shares. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are presented as a deduction of equity.
Trade payables Trade payables are obligations to pay for the goods and services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Accounts payables are classified as current liabilities if the payment is due within one year or less. Otherwise they are presented as non-current liabilities.
F-18
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) Trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
Borrowings
Borrowings are recognized in the statement of financial position in current or non-current liabilities initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Subsequently the financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost. Interest and transaction costs included in effective interest are allocated to the consolidated statement of income using the effective interest method over the expected loan maturity.
