Borrowings
Share-based investment plan A part of the Paroc Group's key persons are involved in Safari Luxco 1 S.A. Group's share-based investment plan. The plan has been carried out through a special purpose vehicle in Luxembourg. At Paroc Group level, the plan is treated as equity-settled share-based payment transaction where Paroc Group has no obligation to settle the share-based payment transaction under normal conditions. Participants have bought their shares at fair value.
Provisions A provision is recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and when a reliable estimate of the amount can be made. A provision is measured at the present value of the expenditure required to settle the obligation. The discount factor used in the calculation of the present value is determined so that it reflects the current market assessment of the time value of money. Environmental provisions are recognized, based on current interpretation of environmental laws and regulations, when it is probable that present obligation has arisen and the amount of such liability can be reliably estimated. Paroc also has a liability for deliveries of defective goods. This liability is not a warranty for the future years but instead an obligation to replace defective goods either with new goods or with a credit note.
Employee benefits Pension obligations Within Paroc there are several pension schemes following local regulation and practice in each country. The plans are classified as either defined benefit plans or defined contribution plans. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods. Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized as an expense in the period the employee has rendered the service. Defined benefit plans are post-employment benefits plans other than defined contribution plans. A defined benefit plans usually define an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, year of service and compensation. The liability recognized in the balance sheet with respect to defined benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. For defined benefit plans, pension costs are assessed using the Projected Unit Credit Method with actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension liability.
F-19
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
2. Sum m ary of significant accounting policies (C ontinued)
Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity through other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. Service cost is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of income.
Top management located in Finland and Sweden has individual voluntary pension plans. These plans entitle a pension benefit at the age of 62 and they are classified as defined contribution plans.
