Interest rate risk
Group Treasury constantly follows financial markets development and frequently meets the CFO in order to implement proper measures to manage interest rate risk.
Foreign exchange risk
Paroc is exposed to the Swedish krona, the Norwegian krone, the Danish krone, the Lithuanian litas, Polish zloty, Russian ruble, British pound and the US dollar. The Group policy is that sales companies generate revenue and incur expenses in their respective operating or functional currencies The Group's currency risk is thus concentrated to the producing countries. The Group has investments in foreign operations, whose net assets are exposed to foreign currency translation risk but the Group does not hedge its net assets of its foreign operations. As per the approved treasury policy, the producing countries hedge their estimated six month rolling cash flows and partially hedge that internally with Group Treasury. The Treasury enters into external hedging transactions with banks. The instruments used are foreign exchange forwards. Cash flow hedge accounting is applied hence the gain or loss relating to the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income. A part of the fluctuation in market value of the hedging instruments is shown in the fair value reserve under equity, changes recorded in other comprehensive income.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk of not being able to fulfil present or future obligations if the Company does not have sufficient funds available to meet such obligations. Liquidity risk arises mostly in relation to cash flows generated and used in financing activities, and particularly by servicing debt, in terms of both interest and principal, and Company's payment obligations relating to ordinary business activities.
Paroc has a Super Senior Revolving Facility Agreement with a nominal amount of 25 million. The revolving credit facility (RCF) can be drawn, used for bank guarantees or allocated as overdraft facilities on bank accounts. The facility is committed and can be drawn fully with three banking days' notice. The purpose of the facility is to balance changes in working capital.
At year-end 2013 the facility was fully available. The available liquidity, defined as cash and cash equivalents added with unutilized committed facilities, was 94.6 million at December 31, 2013 (2012: 109.6 million)
All of the Group's excess liquidity has been centralized to the Group Treasury, which takes internal deposits and pays interest based on the financial items transfer pricing policy. Group companies, which need financing, can consequently borrow internally from the Group Treasury. The Group operates cross border cash pools that aim to improve the utilization of the Group's liquidity. Group Treasury makes short term external deposits with accepted banking counterparties. The aim is to obtain competitive yield without compromising the capital.
