(5) We define gross profit margin as gross profit for the applicable period divided by revenue for the same period.
22
(7) Total capital expenditures comprise (i) maintenance capital expenditures and (ii) strategic capital expenditures which are growth investments designed to enhance productivity, achieve cost savings or gain a particular commercial advantage (including expansionary capital expenditures).
(8) Cash and cash equivalents generally decline through the first two quarters of the fiscal year. Cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2014 were 48.1 million. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources."
(9) Total debt represents our total outstanding third-party indebtedness, including loans from financial institutions and finance lease liabilities.
(10) Pro forma Cash and cash equivalents represents Cash and cash equivalents as adjusted to give pro forma effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred on December 31, 2013. See ``Use of Proceeds' and "Capitalization." As of the Issue Date, after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, we expect to have limited cash in the business and it may become necessary to use borrowings under our New Revolving Credit Facility for working capital purposes in the near to medium term.
(11) Pro forma Total debt represents Total debt excluding capitalized transaction costs as adjusted to give pro forma effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred on December 31, 2013. See ``Use of Proceeds' and "Capitalization.'
(12) Pro forma Cash interest expense primarily represents cash interest cost in respect of the Notes based upon, with respect to the Fixed Rate Notes, the interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes and, with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, the margin over threemonth EURIBOR, as if the Transactions had occurred on January 1, 2013, plus any cash-based commitment and agency fees in respect thereof. Pro forma Cash interest expense has been presented for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to represent what our cash interest payments would have actually been had the issue of the Notes occurred on the date assumed, nor does it purport to project our cash interest payments for any future period or our financial condition at any future date.
23
