Over the past decade, we have expanded our business primarily through organic growth, in particular in western, central and eastern Europe, the Baltic States and Russia, and we intend to continue our international expansion in all our divisions. In implementing this strategy, we are pursuing both organic growth and evaluating the market for potential acquisitions of insulation production facilities and other companies. Our growth has placed and will continue to place a strain on our management systems, infrastructure and resources. Our ability to manage this planned growth and integrate operations, technologies, products and personnel depends on our administrative, financial and operational controls, our ability to create the infrastructure necessary to exploit market opportunities for our products and our financial capabilities. We may also reach limits under applicable antitrust merger control laws if we attempt to further grow through acquisitions in certain markets. In order to compete effectively and to grow our business profitably, we will need to maintain our financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures, implement new systems as necessary, attract and retain adequate management personnel, and hire a qualified workforce that we can train and manage.
27
measures to prevent similar problems in the future, our long-term plans for expansion in Russia could be compromised, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Acquisitions pose additional risks, including that we may pay too much to acquire a business, assume contingent liabilities in connection with the acquisition, lose customers or employees following the acquisition and be unable to successfully integrate the acquired business with our existing business. Moreover, our plans to acquire additional businesses in the future are subject to the availability of suitable opportunities. Our competitors may also follow similar acquisition strategies and may have greater financial resources available for investments or may have the capacity to accept less favorable terms than we can accept which may prevent us from acquiring the businesses that we target and reduce the number of potential acquisition targets. Moreover, certain agreements concerning the acquisition of a number of shares in Paroc Polska sp. z o.o. might have been executed with certain legal deficiencies. Consequently, we cannot exclude the risk of such agreements being considered invalid.
If we establish new production plants as greenfield operations, significantly expand existing plants (such as the Tver production plant in Russia) or invest in or operate new businesses, we may initially incur start-up losses due to lower levels of capacity utilization and ramp-up and training cost and face additional challenges in entering or significantly increasing our exposure to new markets (such as Russia), including locating and securing suitable plant sites, understanding the dynamics and customer composition of new markets and translating our marketing and sales strategies to new markets. Start-up losses for production plants in new markets typically are incurred for the first five to seven years of operation.
Furthermore, we expect that as we continue to introduce new products in our markets, we will be required to manage an increasing number of relationships with various customers and other third parties. The failure or delay of our management in responding to these challenges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We operate in emerging markets such as Russia, which exposes us to risks inherent to such less developed markets, and we may be exposed to greater risks as we intend to increase our operations in such markets.
Some of the markets in which we operate and/or are considering entering or expanding our exposure, and in particular Russia, and from which we obtain raw materials for our products, are emerging markets in which the business climates expose us to greater political, economic, legal and social uncertainty than markets with more developed institutional structures, and the risk of loss resulting from changes in law, economic and social upheaval and other factors may be substantial. In many of these countries, the democratic tradition is less established and the rule of law less developed. Accordingly, our business is and may increasingly be subject to risks resulting from differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions and unforeseeable developments in a variety of jurisdictions, including in emerging markets. In these markets we are exposed to an increased degree of risks arising from interruption of operations due to political or social instability and the establishment or enforcement of foreign exchange restrictions, which could effectively prevent us from repatriating profits, liquidating assets or withdrawing from one or more of these markets. Recent political instability in Ukraine could impact our supply of coke; although we have not been impacted thus far, there is no guarantee that we will not be impacted in the future. See "-- Our business may be negatively affected by volatility in raw and other material prices, our inability to retain or replace our key suppliers, unexpected supply shortages and disruptions of the supply chain.' The imposition of economic or other sanctions upon countries in which we operate may also adversely affect our ability to do business in such countries, either by preventing us from doing business, or by lowering economic growth, in such countries. For the year ended December 31, 2013, Russia accounted for 8.3% of our revenues, and on March 6, 2014, the United States imposed sanctions on specific Russian and Ukrainian individuals deemed responsible for undermining the Ukrainian government, sovereignty and territorial integrity in the context of Russian actions in Crimea. On March 17, 2014, the European Union imposed sanctions (including travel restrictions and an asset freeze) against similar individuals and other persons and entities associated with them, while the U.S. expanded the scope of its sanctions to Russian officials (entities operating in the Russian arms sector and individuals who allegedly provide material support to senior officials, in the Russian government). On March 20, 2014, the United States expanded the reach of sanctions to additional officials and one Russian bank, and left open the possibility that more extensive sanctions (for example, against core sectors of the Russian economy) could be imposed. Most recently, on April 28, 2014, citing a failure by Russia to comply with its agreement to assist in resolving the political crisis in Ukraine, the United States imposed additional sanctions on Russian individuals and entities, as well as acted to freeze certain exports of military technology to Russia. On April 29, 2014, the European Union expanded the reach of sanctions to additional individuals.
28
