Our licenses, permits and certifications may be suspended, amended or terminatedprior to the end oftheir terms or may not be renewed.
Some of our TI products, namely those with marine applications and fire protection applications for ventilation ducts, require certifications before they can be sold for use in certain specific applications. We estimate that approximately 30% of our sales in the TI division come from sales of products for which a certification is required. While we do not foresee a risk that our products will not be properly certified, certification requirements change, and there is a possibility that we may need to make adjustments to our products to comply with amended requirements, which could prove costly.
32
There is a potential risk of certain permits relating to our production facilities at Trzemeszno being declared invalid in the future due to formal irregularities in their issuance. There is no guarantee that we would be able to procure their reissue in such circumstances. Additionally, fines may be imposed by the relevant Polish authorities if the relevant facilities are used without valid permits. Payment of benefits under insurance policies relating to those facilities may also be refused due to our potential failure to hold the required permits.
Moreover, in some jurisdictions and in respect of some of the licenses and permits we require, private individuals and the public have the right to comment upon the process, raise objections to proposed permits and initiate court proceedings to intervene and prevent the granting of requested permits. In addition, environmental organizations, residents or other third parties may raise objections to our current or proposed activities or file suits challenging our operations and the granting or existence of permits and licenses to conduct our operations. However, permits must be granted to us if the legal requirements for such permits are met, regardless of possible complaints and appeals. The administrative permit procedure might, however, be delayed for several years due to appeals.
If any of our licenses, permits or certifications is appealed, revoked, withdrawn or amended, or if we have difficulty renewing a license, permit or certification, we may experience delays in our operations which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In some circumstances the Finnish environmental permitting regime permits the commencement of projects notwithstanding pending appeals, but this does not apply to all projects. In addition, the right to commence such a project may be cancelled or limited by appeal courts.
The licensing, permitting and certification rules, particularly in emerging markets such as Russia, are complex, sometimes contradictory, and may change over time, making our ability to comply with all applicable requirements more difficult or even impossible, thereby precluding continuing or future operations. For instance, the construction or renovation of buildings in Russia requires a significant number of varied governmental approvals, including positive conclusions of state environmental expertise processes, project documentation approvals and ultimate construction permits issued by regional or local authorities. Moreover, due to its location construction of the Tver production plant requires additional consents from the administration of the Zavidovo national park. See "--We are subject to numerous environmental, building, health and safety regulations, technical standards and other regulations". If the construction of the Tver production plant fails to conform to the project documentation, construction is commenced without an appropriate construction permit or otherwise fails to comply with regulatory requirements, we may be subject to fines and penalties, as well as cancellation of the project by government officials or even demolition of the building already constructed. Regulatory authorities, particularly in Russia, exercise considerable discretion in matters of enforcement and interpretation of applicable laws, regulations and standards, the procedure, timing and scope of issuance and renewal of licenses, permits, approvals and authorizations, and in monitoring licensees' compliance with the terms thereof. Russian authorities have the right to, and frequently do, conduct inspections of the operations and properties of license and permit holders. Any such future inspections may result in a determination that ZAO Paroc has violated laws, decrees or regulations, and ZAO Paroc may be unable to refute such a determination or remedy the alleged violations. ZAO Paroc's failure to comply with existing laws and regulations, the terms and conditions of its licenses and permits, or the findings of governmental inspections may result in the imposition of fines and penalties or more severe sanctions, including the suspension, amendment or termination of licenses, permits, approvals and authorizations, ZAO Paroc being required to cease certain business activities, or the imposition of criminal or administrative penalties on ZAO Paroc's officers. The introduction of public consultation as a part of permitting procedures in most of the jurisdictions in which we operate has in many cases extended the processing times for license and permit applications, and increases unpredictability in the permitting process. Requirements imposed by these authorities may be costly and time consuming and may result in delays in the commencement or continuation of exploration, production, sales or distribution operations.
We also may incur penalties and other costs, sanctions and obligations as a result of permit violations. There have also been certain compliance issues with environmental permit stipulations within the Finnish mining sector during the last two years. This has led to an intensive discussion concerning the supervision of permit compliance. The Finnish Ministry of the Environment amended its environmental permit supervision guidance document in late 2013 and has established new positions within the state environmental administration in order to support environmental permit supervision. This may have an impact on the degree of scrutiny and likelihood of authorities imposing more stringent permit requirements (for example, in connection with reviews of environmental permits) and may thus affect our
33
