We also may incur penalties and other costs, sanctions and obligations as a result of permit violations. There have also been certain compliance issues with environmental permit stipulations within the Finnish mining sector during the last two years. This has led to an intensive discussion concerning the supervision of permit compliance. The Finnish Ministry of the Environment amended its environmental permit supervision guidance document in late 2013 and has established new positions within the state environmental administration in order to support environmental permit supervision. This may have an impact on the degree of scrutiny and likelihood of authorities imposing more stringent permit requirements (for example, in connection with reviews of environmental permits) and may thus affect our
operations. Moreover, environmental protection legislation reform is currently being progressed by the Finnish Parliament, which will implement the EU Industrial Emissions Directive ("IED"). The Polish Parliament is also currently working on legislation implementing the IED into the Polish Environmental Protection Law; under this implementing legislation, IPPC permits (so-called integrated permits) should be reviewed by competent authorities within three months from the date when such legislation enters into force, in order to adapt such permits to the standards laid down in the IED. The implementation of the IED in the EU Member States in which we have production facilities will have an impact on all Paroc operations, excluding quarrying, and will likely require capital expenditure in respect of baseline environmental studies of our facilities with environmental permits. As the IED is implemented in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, we also anticipate additional capital expenditure in respect of baseline environmental studies from facilities with permits. See ``Regulation."
Furthermore, we are required to obtain licenses or permits for quarrying of specific mineral deposits. In Finland these are known as `mining districts' granted pursuant to `mining district decisions', where granted in response to applications filed prior to July 1, 2011; they are known as `mining permits' otherwise. See "Regulation--Finland--Excavation of Stone Resources" for further details. We currently hold eight mining districts in Finland: Joutsenenlampi, Lehlampi, Ybbersnäs, Sallittu, Vanhasuo, Metsäsianniemi, Näträmälä and Kangas. We own the two real property sites included in the Joutsenenlampi mining district, pay a leasing fee for the land on which the Sallittu and the Kangas districts are located, and for the other five quarries, we do not lease the land, but pay the statutory mining excavation fee. Under the Finnish mining legislation, in order to exploit our quarries we (as the mining district holder) are also required to secure surface rights to the relevant real property from the relevant landowners either by private agreement, or through the exercise of statutory appropriation rights conferred by mining district decisions or permits. We are responsible for paying annual compensation in the form of an excavation fee to the owners of land included in the mining district. The basis for determining the annual excavation fee varies by mining district, but is generally based on contracts with the land owner and a statutory excavation fee based on the Finnish mining legislation. A mining district decision could be revoked if we fail to comply with the legal requirements applicable to such mining districts decisions or we do not actively carry out mining for a period of over five years (or such further period as may be specified in response to an extension application by us, though during such extended period we are required to pay a higher extraction fee to the relevant landowner). Because mining at the Kangas and Näträmälä sites (we currently hold these sites as reserves) has been suspended for a number of years, we run the risk that the exclusive rights we obtained to exploit stone resources at these sites will be revoked. We have already been granted an extension to begin mining at Kangas until December 3, 2015. If our right to quarry is revoked, we will no longer have access to the reserves at these sites, which could materially adversely affect our supply of stone and therefore results of operations. After the closure of the Lappeenranta facility, we will likely hold the Vanhasuo mining district as a reserve site and will not conduct active quarrying operations.
We also need to obtain environmental permits which cover each of our operations. These environmental permits are reviewed at regular intervals determined by the relevant environmental permitting authority. We currently hold valid environmental permits for our production sites in Finland (Lappeenranta, Oulu and Parainen) and for the Joutsenenlampi, Lehlampi, Vanhasuo, Ybbersnaäs, Sallittu and Metsaäsianniemi districts, however, we do not have valid environmental permits for the Kangas or Naätraämaälaä districts. Environmental permits are needed before commercial exploitation of these rights may commence. The Oulu, Hässleholm and Vilnius environmental permits will need to be renewed by December 31, 2014, we are applying for new environmental permits at the Lappeenranta plant (by October 2015) and landfill (by May 2015) and the environmental permits at Joutsenenlampi, Sallittu and Ybbersnäs each have an authority audit due by December 31, 2017. We are also required to have chemical safety permits for each of our operations. Although we have a good historical record of obtaining such mining districts and environmental permits in Finland, we may not be able to obtain such specific permits in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Increased energy cost or disruptions in energy supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business is dependent on the steady supply of significant amounts of energy, in the form of coke and electricity, at commercially reasonable terms. In particular, the stone wool production process relies on substantial amounts of energy to melt the stone raw materials and other materials used in the production process. In our manufacturing facilities this is done in a cupola oven fired by coke or in an electric melting furnace (in two of our facilities). Our energy cost, which therefore mainly consists of cost for the supply of
34
coke and electricity incurred in connection with the production of our products, accounts for a high percentage of our cost base. We also consume natural gas, propane and biogas and burning oil. Gas is used primarily as fuel in the curing process to polymerize binder. Gas is also used to pre-heat combustion air in the melting process. In the year ended December 31, 2013, our energy cost (excluding coke) amounted to a total of 27.5 million, or 6.3% of our sales. Energy cost is affected by various factors, including the availability of supplies of particular sources of energy, energy prices and regulatory decisions. We have also experienced significant volatility with respect to coke prices in recent years. Coke prices spiked in 2011 with an approximately 28% increase in price over the previous year, but over the course of 2012 and 2013 prices have declined significantly. For example, coke average consumption prices have ranged between approximately 234 and 506 per tonne since 2007. Negotiated prices are generally based on trends in Australian coking coal prices. Such volatility may increase as a result of natural disasters (for example floods in Queensland, Australia, which is an important region in the global supply of coking coal, increased the global price of coking coal), current political instability, such as the unrest currently occurring in several countries in the Middle East, North Africa and eastern Europe, the promoted growth of renewable energy sources, especially in Europe, or the imposition of regulations such as export restrictions or government excises on coke or coking coal. Any significant increase in market prices, transportation cost, grid fees or taxes (including reduction of tax benefits) associated with the supply of energy would increase our operating cost and, thus, may negatively affect our results of operations if we are not able to pass the increased cost fully and without delay on to our customers. Our ability to pass on energy price increases may also be affected by a decline in demand for our products in the markets in which we are active and increased price competition for market share. Any inability or delay in passing on increases in energy cost to our customers or any interruption or shortage of energy supply may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, in March 2014 the Finnish government reached an agreement on central government spending limits for 2015-2018. The Finnish government has decided to increase energy taxation in respect of the mining industry. It is anticipated that the electricity tax rate (currently at 0.703 c/hWh (VAT 0%)) applicable to companies operating in the mining industry will be increased, and mines will be excluded from the scope of accompanying energy tax cuts to support companies operating in energy-intensive industries. The Finnish government may yet change its position and no precise information is available at the moment. However, if enacted these changes may increase the energy taxes paid by the mining industry in the forthcoming years. Because we operate quarries, all or part of our operations may be subject to any increased tax rate applicable to the mining industry, and we may not receive all or any of the benefit of the accompanying reductions in the energy tax applicable to companies operating in energy-intensive industries. Any increase in our effective tax rate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
