coke and electricity incurred in connection with the production of our products, accounts for a high percentage of our cost base. We also consume natural gas, propane and biogas and burning oil. Gas is used primarily as fuel in the curing process to polymerize binder. Gas is also used to pre-heat combustion air in the melting process. In the year ended December 31, 2013, our energy cost (excluding coke) amounted to a total of 27.5 million, or 6.3% of our sales. Energy cost is affected by various factors, including the availability of supplies of particular sources of energy, energy prices and regulatory decisions. We have also experienced significant volatility with respect to coke prices in recent years. Coke prices spiked in 2011 with an approximately 28% increase in price over the previous year, but over the course of 2012 and 2013 prices have declined significantly. For example, coke average consumption prices have ranged between approximately 234 and 506 per tonne since 2007. Negotiated prices are generally based on trends in Australian coking coal prices. Such volatility may increase as a result of natural disasters (for example floods in Queensland, Australia, which is an important region in the global supply of coking coal, increased the global price of coking coal), current political instability, such as the unrest currently occurring in several countries in the Middle East, North Africa and eastern Europe, the promoted growth of renewable energy sources, especially in Europe, or the imposition of regulations such as export restrictions or government excises on coke or coking coal. Any significant increase in market prices, transportation cost, grid fees or taxes (including reduction of tax benefits) associated with the supply of energy would increase our operating cost and, thus, may negatively affect our results of operations if we are not able to pass the increased cost fully and without delay on to our customers. Our ability to pass on energy price increases may also be affected by a decline in demand for our products in the markets in which we are active and increased price competition for market share. Any inability or delay in passing on increases in energy cost to our customers or any interruption or shortage of energy supply may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The availability of and any significant increase in the cost of transportation represent a significant risk for our business.
Transportation plays an important part in our supply chain as we ship our products, mainly by truck and to a lesser extent by rail or ship, to our customers. Further, most of the raw materials need to be transported to our production facilities. Any material disruption in or lack of availability of transportation, inadequacy of transport infrastructure (particularly in Russia), or significant increases in fuel or energy prices, road tolls or demand-driven market prices resulting in higher transportation cost, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increased costs relating to exhaust emissions control requirements that have been or may be imposed in the future, particularly due to climate change-related legislation, may also lead to such effects. Additionally, it is possible that legislation (both at the EU and national level) will change regarding truck size, axis weight and truck length, or that regulations may introduce or raise fuel content or economy standards, which could potentially increase transportation costs. For example, over the past decade in certain jurisdictions in which we operate, national legislation on such issues has changed in response to EU legislation and domestic political concerns, which has in certain cases, such as the introduction of a new heavy vehicle tolling system in Poland in 2011, resulted in higher transportation costs. In the year ended December 31, 2013, our transportation cost, which include freight for deliveries from our plants or other stocks to customers, customs tariffs and clearance, as well as intra-group transfers of finished products but excluding transportation cost arising from purchases of raw materials and other inputs, amounted to a total of 44.7 million, or 10.3%, of our sales.
35
We generally rely upon third-party service providers for the transportation of our products to customers. Our ability to service our customers at commercially reasonable cost depends, in many cases, upon our ability to negotiate commercially reasonable terms with carriers, including railroads and trucking and shipping companies. To the extent that third-party carriers increase their rates, including to reflect higher labor, maintenance, fuel or other cost they may incur, we may be forced to pay such increased rates sooner than we are able to pass on such increases to our customers, if at all. Any material increases in our transportation cost that we are unable to pass on to customers fully and in a timely manner could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
Any threat to, or impairment of, our intellectual property rights could cause us to incur cost to defend these rights.
Protection of intellectual property is essential in the context of maintaining and developing Paroc proprietary technology. We currently own 332 registered trademarks and 513 registered patents (and patent applications) worldwide. These protections may not adequately safeguard our intellectual property and we may incur significant cost to defend our intellectual property rights, which may adversely affect our results of operations. There is a risk that third parties, including our current competitors, will infringe on our intellectual property rights, in which case we would have to defend these rights. We have in the past (some licensing agreements are still in place) licensed our proprietary technology to third parties, including to some of our competitors, which carries with it the risk that our intellectual property may be misused or used in ways contrary to the licensing agreements. There is also a risk that third parties, including our current competitors, will claim that our products infringe on their intellectual property rights. These third parties may bring infringement claims against us or our customers. Additionally, any of our intellectual property may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties, which could limit our ability to prevent competitors from marketing related or competing products. Any such actions by third parties may adversely affect our results of operations, our customer relationships and our reputation.
Although we are not aware of any major legal proceedings that have been brought against us for infringement of a patent or trademark or of any proceedings brought against any of our patents that could have a material adverse effect on our business if we would not prevail in such proceedings, we cannot exclude the possibility that such a claim could be brought against us in the future. We do, from time to time, face incidents of infringement of our intellectual property, and currently there are two companies which may be infringing upon our patented technology, and we are in the process of evaluating the proper course of action. We have recently settled a dispute with another company over the other company's use of red and white stripes. The Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market recently denied our application for a Community Trademark for our red and white stripes, ruling that the trademark is instead protected by local regulations. If not enough is done in these cases to protect our proprietary technology or other intellectual property, there is a risk that our proprietary technology or other intellectual property will become widely available and could be used by our competitors, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Our expansion into the Russian market has brought with it certain challenges with respect to intellectual property. There are certain shortcomings in our intellectual property protection in Russia that we will need to address in order to properly protect our intellectual property. Although the process of addressing these shortcomings is ongoing, there is no guarantee that we are able to rectify all of the shortcomings before irrecoverable damage is done to our intellectual property protection in Russia. For example, certain Paroc Group patents and trademarks used in Russia have not been properly licensed to our Russian subsidiary and it may be difficult to prove the actual use of these patents and trademarks in order to protect them from being contested in Russia on the basis of non-use. Furthermore, to date we have not definitively confirmed whether or not the products that we sell in Russia infringe any third-party patents, and we cannot guarantee that there are no third-party patents that might hinder our Russian operations. Moreover, we do not currently employ all available means to prevent the parallel importation of our products into Russia, such as registration of our trademarks with the Russian Customs Register of Intellectual Property Rights and registration of our trademarks in other countries of the Customs Union of Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan. Moreover, there is a risk that certain of our products are not adequately protected by our trademarks in Russia. Our existing internal procedures in Russia do not provide a sufficient level of protection for business secrets, and so there is a risk that they may be disclosed to our competitors in circumstances where we are unable to recover damages or obtain injunctive relief in respect of such disclosure. There is also some evidence that there are imitators using the Paroc name in Russia. If we are not able to resolve these issues, or we incur significant costs in doing so, this may adversely affect our results of operations.
