Although we are not aware of any major legal proceedings that have been brought against us for infringement of a patent or trademark or of any proceedings brought against any of our patents that could have a material adverse effect on our business if we would not prevail in such proceedings, we cannot exclude the possibility that such a claim could be brought against us in the future. We do, from time to time, face incidents of infringement of our intellectual property, and currently there are two companies which may be infringing upon our patented technology, and we are in the process of evaluating the proper course of action. We have recently settled a dispute with another company over the other company's use of red and white stripes. The Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market recently denied our application for a Community Trademark for our red and white stripes, ruling that the trademark is instead protected by local regulations. If not enough is done in these cases to protect our proprietary technology or other intellectual property, there is a risk that our proprietary technology or other intellectual property will become widely available and could be used by our competitors, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
36
We rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees and contractors for the protection of our products, technologies, recipes and other material know-how. If we are not able to maintain sufficient secrecy, this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations andfinancial condition.
While we own a significant number of patents and trademarks, in certain circumstances we protect our technology and know-how as trade secrets. We principally rely on trade secrets instead of other forms of protection either because patent or trademark protection is not possible, for example the particular technology could not be exactly identified which was used or would not qualify for patent or trademark protection, or in our opinion would be less effective than maintaining secrecy. In addition, we rely upon confidentiality agreements with our employees and contractors. To the extent that we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements, there can be no assurance that our efforts to maintain secrecy will be successful or that third parties will not be able to develop the product, technology or know-how independently. Any loss of secrecy could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition.
The quality of our stone wool products depends upon our ability to successfully exploit existing resources of stone raw materials that are difficult to source from third parties and acquire and develop further stone raw material resources at competitive costs. Delay orfailure in acquiring, developing and completing developmentprojects could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
The quality of our stone wool products depends on our ability to quarry certain stones that are difficult to source from third parties cost-effectively and to meet the quality standards required by our manufacturing facilities. Although we can supply stones that are difficult to source from third parties over the medium- to long-term based on current production levels, in the future our resources may not be available when required or, if available, may not be capable of being quarried cost-effectively or possess appropriate qualities. Additionally, we may not be able to accurately assess the geological characteristics of any resources that we acquire, and the acquisition of an inferior grade of resources may materially and adversely affect our profitability and financial condition.
Although we believe that there are local substitutes for one type of stone that is difficult to source from third parties and there are other substitutes, such as slag, for another type of stone, substitution would likely increase costs as we transport the first type of stone over longer distances to our production plants, and as we test the replacements for the second type of stone. As the chemical composition of the second type of stone is uniquely suited to our stone wool products, sourcing slag with the correct composition may be a costly process, and it is possible that the products produced with the substitute will not be of the same quality as those made with the virgin stone we currently source from the quarries over which we have mining rights. We estimate that it would cost approximately 50,000 per plant in research and development and other costs to implement the use of slag instead of this stone across all our production facilities. This estimated cost does not include possible losses in productivity or higher scrapping costs.
The hydrological and geological structure of the quarry can affect the ease and volume of quarrying as well as the speed of overburden removal. Additionally, our operations require the quality monitoring and removal of groundwater during quarrying. Future efforts to remove groundwater may not be adequate and may not meet future operational demands or expectations. In addition, quarrying involves hazardous activities, such as operating large pieces of rotating and other heavy equipment. It is possible that the equipment may be subject to corrosion due to weather exposure, and preventing such corrosion may require additional costs. All of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We currently hold both Kangas and Natramala mining districts in reserve and no mining has been carried out in those areas for a number of years. If mining is ceased for a period of five years the Finnish Mining Authority (TUKES, the Chemical Safety Agency) may rescind the mining district decisions. Prior to this, we may apply for an extension to this five-year limit in order to avoid losing the mining district. The Mining Authority may grant extensions up to a period of 10 years. We are in the process of applying for an extension for the Natramala mining district, and have an extension for the Kangas mining district. However, during this time we must pay a higher land area based extraction fee to landowners (normally 50 per hectare; higher fee 100 per hectare). Once we commence quarrying, we will also be required to pay, in addition to the normal 50 per hectare land area-based extraction fee, a fee which is based on the amount of quarried minerals in accordance with the Finnish Mining Act. A byproduct fee may also be required if byproducts are sold for use outside the mining operations. The Mining Authority has not initiated any proceedings so far. However, if such proceedings are initiated and the mining districts are
