The hydrological and geological structure of the quarry can affect the ease and volume of quarrying as well as the speed of overburden removal. Additionally, our operations require the quality monitoring and removal of groundwater during quarrying. Future efforts to remove groundwater may not be adequate and may not meet future operational demands or expectations. In addition, quarrying involves hazardous activities, such as operating large pieces of rotating and other heavy equipment. It is possible that the equipment may be subject to corrosion due to weather exposure, and preventing such corrosion may require additional costs. All of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
37
revoked, there may be material adverse effects on our profitability. Furthermore, if we are required to start quarrying in these mining districts in order to avoid losing them, we may incur additional costs.
Our stone resource estimates are based on current production needs. If we increase production, this could cause our stone resources to be depleted earlier. The success of our plans to extend the life of our quarries depends on, among other factors, our ability to expand existing quarrying areas and to make new quarrying areas accessible. This may require extensive and costly infrastructure measures such as the relocation of industrial facilities or residential communities and may lead to compensation obligations. In addition to general quarrying permit requirements, relocation measures may require administrative or judicial proceedings or other legal procedures to enforce the relocation, particularly if agreement on relocation is not reached with affected parties. With such proceedings we risk an unfavorable decision that may delay, complicate or impede projects to expand existing or develop new quarries. Moreover, increasing attention on the environmental impacts of quarrying may have an impact on future permitting procedures and cause delays in initiating new production. If we cannot expand existing or acquire new quarries and make them accessible to increase our stone resources, this may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our quarries will require additional capital expenditures in the future in order to fully exploit these resources as projected. In addition, since we attempt, where practical, to quarry our lowest-cost resources first, we may not be able to quarry all of our reserves at a cost similar to our current operations.
Because our stone resources deplete as we extract stone, our ability to sustain or increase our current level of production in the long term depends, in part, upon our ability to acquire and develop additional stone resources that are economically recoverable and to develop new, and expand existing, quarrying operations. We applied for, and on July 24, 2013 and January 15, 2014 (respectively) received, mining district decisions for the Teerisuo and Longanlampi concession areas. We believe these mining district decisions are legally valid. These decisions have been delivered to the National Land Survey of Finland and we are currently awaiting the commencement of the requisite land surveys to define the boundaries of the respective concession areas. We have yet to complete the process of securing the necessary surface rights to the respective areas (either by entering into private agreements with the relevant landowners, or exercising the statutory expropriation rights conferred by the mining district decisions). We currently expect these surveys to be completed, and the surface rights to be acquired, during 2014. This will increase our resources of the stones that are difficult to source from third parties. However, there is no guarantee that those surface rights will be obtained (though in certain circumstances the land surveying process permits a mining district holder to access expropriated areas notwithstanding unresolved appeals by landowners regarding compensation amounts), and it is possible that the land surveys may uncover issues that could potentially delay the finalization of our rights in relation to the respective areas. Moreover, our planned expansion projects might not result in additional stone resources, and we might not have continuing success developing additional quarries due to the aforementioned reasons. Furthermore, the quality of stone and quarrying conditions in new or expanded quarries is uncertain and may be less favorable than those at which we are currently quarrying. In addition, these expansion projects could be limited by many factors, including our ability to raise sufficient financing, investment restrictions under our existing or future debt agreements and the inability to expand onto properties on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, expansion of existing quarries requires significant economic, political, public and infrastructure development efforts and investments, particularly if there is a need to relocate existing residents. Recent reforms of Finnish mining legislation have made the expropriation of properties within a proposed mining area more difficult, particularly in cases of low-value or short-term deposits. Prior to those reforms, obtaining a mining district decision automatically gave grounds for expropriation. For mining permit applications filed after July, 2011, obtaining an expropriation permit requires that the construction of the mine be in the public interest, and that the benefits of the project outweigh the detriments. The previous provisions relating to expropriations will continue to apply to mining district decisions granted in response to applications filed prior to July 1, 2011. Although our Teerisuo and Longanlampi applications were filed before the reforms became effective, the new rules may affect future applications for mining permits. The occurrence of any of the aforesaid risks could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Additional factors affecting our ability to successfully exploit stone resources, particularly in new areas of our quarries, include the ability to acquire new land, gather geological data, obtain reserve assessments, acquire approvals, consents, licenses and permits from the relevant authorities, work with environmental groups, work with unions, secure the availability, terms, conditions and timing of acceptable arrangements for quarrying, ensure successful transportation and construction and the performance of engineering and
38
construction contractors and secure the services of contractors, suppliers and consultants. Exploitation permits or quarrying rights that have already been granted may later be restricted or limited by the competent authorities. The authorities may make such permits or rights subject to new conditions provided these conditions still allow for an economically reasonable exploitation. A delay in obtaining required land plots and gathering information necessary for an application for, or the denial of, an allowance, approval, consent, license or permit or other delays in permitting procedures may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There can be no guarantee as to when our development projects will receive the appropriate approval and whether the necessary project infrastructure will be completed, whether the resulting operations will achieve the anticipated production volumes or whether the costs in developing these projects, including additional costs necessary to comply with conditions imposed by the relevant authorities, will be in line with those anticipated.
The stated stone resources included in this offering memorandum are estimates based on our, and a third party contractor's knowledge, experience and industry practice, and the volume and quality of our actual resources could be substantially lower than such estimates, and may also differfrom those generally disclosed infilings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with SEC Industry Guide 7. Our stated resources are not calculated or reported pursuant to or in accordance with the JORC Code.
