construction contractors and secure the services of contractors, suppliers and consultants. Exploitation permits or quarrying rights that have already been granted may later be restricted or limited by the competent authorities. The authorities may make such permits or rights subject to new conditions provided these conditions still allow for an economically reasonable exploitation. A delay in obtaining required land plots and gathering information necessary for an application for, or the denial of, an allowance, approval, consent, license or permit or other delays in permitting procedures may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There can be no guarantee as to when our development projects will receive the appropriate approval and whether the necessary project infrastructure will be completed, whether the resulting operations will achieve the anticipated production volumes or whether the costs in developing these projects, including additional costs necessary to comply with conditions imposed by the relevant authorities, will be in line with those anticipated.
Our stone resources data with respect to our six active quarries over which we have mining rights, on which our production and capital investment program are based, are estimates that were calculated by a thirdparty contractor, and confirmed by us. There are no requirements under Finnish law relating to the classification or quantification of mineral reserves. The Finnish association of extractive resources industry recommends that mining companies use the Fennoscandian review board's standards of disclosure for mineral projects when they make reports of their mineral projects. These standards are based on the Canadian NI 43-101. However, most mining companies use the reporting standards which are typically employed in the jurisdictions where the companies are listed or systems for which their personnel have accreditation; the JORC Code and CIM/NI 43-101 are frequently used. Our mineral resources are not calculated pursuant to or in accordance with such standards, but rather are calculated through the taking and analysis of core samples, and land surveying, by a third-party contractor.
Our reserve and resource estimates are inherently uncertain and depend on geological assumptions, cost assumptions and statistical inferences which may ultimately prove to have been unreliable. Consequently, reserve estimates are often regularly revised based on actual production experience or new information and could change. Furthermore, should we encounter mineralization or formations different from those predicted by past drilling, sampling and similar examinations, the volume or quality projections of our reserve estimates may have to be adjusted and exploitation plans may have to be altered in a way that might adversely affect our operations.
Moreover, increases in capital expenditures necessary for quarry development, production costs, decreases in recovery rates or changes in applicable laws and regulations, including environmental, permitting, title or tax regulations that are adverse to us, could result in the volumes or qualities of stone that we can feasibly extract being significantly lower than the resource estimates indicated in this offering memorandum. If it is determined that the quarrying of certain of our resources has become uneconomical, this may ultimately lead to a reduction in our aggregate stone resources. These variations could be material, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations.
The estimated volume and quality of resources described in this offering memorandum should not be interpreted as an assurance of the commercial viability, profitability or potential of any future operations. Our production levels at any of our quarries might not reach previous historical production levels, and the volumes of stone that we can feasibly extract may be significantly lower than the reserve and resource estimates indicated in this offering memorandum.
Our resource estimates are disclosed on a different basis than those disclosed in registration statements and other documents filed by other companies with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ``SEC"). The calculation and disclosure principles that are the basis for our reserve calculations may differ in several significant respects from the SEC Industry Guide 7 (``Guide 7"), which governs disclosures of stone or other mineral resources in registration statements and reports filed with the SEC and may differ in several significant respects from reserves calculated pursuant to the JORC Code. In particular, Guide 7 does not recognize classifications other than proven and probable reserves, and the SEC does not permit mining companies to disclose mineral resources estimates other than proven and probable reserves in SEC filings.
39
The resource estimates included in this offering memorandum may include measured, indicated and inferred resources, which are generally not permitted in disclosure filed with the SEC. Under Guide 7, minerals may not be classified as a "reserve" unless the determination has been made that the minerals could be economically and legally produced or extracted at the time the reserve determination is made. All or any part of measured or indicated resources may never be classified as reserves. Further, there is a great amount of uncertainty as to the existence of "inferred resources" and as to whether they can be exploited legally or economically. Accordingly, it should not be assumed that all or any part of an "inferred resource" will be upgraded to a higher category.
We are subject to numerous environmental, building, health and safety regulations, technical standards and other regulations.
