4(32)
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant Person, that it (i) is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Section 1 of Chapter 2 of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Fin: Konkurssilaki 120/2004, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), (ii) admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, (iii) suspends making payments on any of its debts, (iv) by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (Fin: Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta 47/1993, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or (v) is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 7.1 to 7.3.
"Interest Cover Ratio" means the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Net Finance Charges on a Group consolidated basis for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent consolidated financial statements published by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 9.1.1.
"Interest Payment Date" means 27 March of each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from the application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 27 March 2019 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted by application of the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means 4.875 per cent per annum.
"Issue Date" means 27 March 2018.
"Issuer" means SRV Group Plc, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with business identity code 1707186-8.
