Appointment of Agent
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent) that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request if due to such failure the Agent is unable to represent such Noteholder.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under these Terms and Conditions are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent or other representative for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. Except as specified in Clause 4 (Conditionsfor disbursement), the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer with its obligations under these Terms and Conditions on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions or received from a Noteholder. The Agent is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions.
