(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within the Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE NOTES
The Notes are denominated in SEK and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement. Furthermore, upon registration of the Notes in the CSD, the Noteholders shall be bound by these Terms and Conditions and any other Finance Document without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.
The nominal amount of each Note is SEK 500,000 (the "Nominal Amount") (as amended from time to time). The aggregate nominal amount of the Notes as at the Issue Date is SEK 600,000,000. All Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference between themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer, except such obligations which are preferred by mandatory law and subject to the the Super Senior Debt pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, pari passu with the other secured parties in respect of the Transaction Security. Following repayment of the Super Senior Debt in full, the Enforcement Proceeds will be paid to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes and (ranking behind the Notes) the Junior Noteholders (but otherwise rank pari passu in right of payment with the Notes) in accordance with the waterfall provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a
