Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Voluntary partial redemption (call option)
The Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding five (5) per cent. of the sum of the Total Nominal Amount issued on one Interest Payment Date in each 12 month period from (but excluding) the Issue Date, at 102 per cent. of the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes redeemed together with accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed amounts. The Agent may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Notes to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Notes or other situations.
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 11.4.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in part at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor.
Equity Claw Back (call option)
The Issuer may at any time from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the First Call Date on no less than ten (10) days' and no more than sixty (60) days' prior notice use the net cash proceeds received by the Group from an IPO or its 100 per cent. direct shareholder) or the equivalent amount of cash on balance sheet in an amount not exceeding thirty (30) per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount towards repayment of Notes at the price applicable at the First Call Date.
Redemption of the Notes shall be applied pro rata between the Noteholders in accordance with the procedures of the CSD, and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed shall be paid together with principal on the Redemption Date of such early redemption, provided that such interest shall not be included in the calculation of the amount of Notes the Issuer is permitted to repay in accordance with this provision.
20
11.6 11.6.1 11.6.2 11.6.3
