"Rig Management Agreement" means any agreement for the operational, technical, marketing and commercial management of each of the Rigs, such management agreement to be entered into between the Rig Manager as the manager and the relevant Charterer and the relevant Rig Owners (as applicable).
"Rig Owner" means Rig 1 Owner and Rig 5 Owner.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, "Sanctions").
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
#4783776/2
13 (68)
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2. "Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests. "Security Interests" means: (a) the Assignments of Drilling Contracts; (b) the Assignment of Hedging; (c) the Assignments of Insurances; (d) the Assignments of Intra-Group Loans; (e) the Assignments of Intra-Group Charters; (f) the Assignments of Issuer Loan; (g) the Assignments of Management Agreements; (h) the Assignments of Sub-Charter (if applicable); (i) the Assignments of Subordinated Loans; (j) the Assignments of Warranties; (k) the Bond DSA Pledge; (l) the Escrow Account Pledge; (m) the Guarantees; (n) the Mortgages; (o) the Senior Bank Account Pledges; (p) the Share Pledges; and (q) any other Security or guarantee granted as security for the Issuer's Obligations under
the Finance Documents, including without limitations any other Security or guarantee granted as security for the Senior Bank Facility which shall be granted to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) on a second priority basis. "Senior Bank Accounts" means: (a) Charterers earnings accounts (USD and GBP); (b) Charterers expense accounts (USD and GBP);
