(ii) provide customary collateral in connection with credit purchases o f goods and services, and
For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid restriction shall only apply for the Borrower, not for other companies within the Group. Further, it is understood that the Borrower's ownership interest in Venture Drilling AS, Petrojack ASA and PetroMena ASA shall be held directly by the Borrower and that the Borrower may not by-pass the aforesaid restriction in this clause 13.2 (d) by transferring its assets (existing or future) to wholly owned holding companies.
SvJ
12/21
(e) not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party not being a member o f the Group, unless provided for above,
(f) not issue additional financial indebtedness (i.a. bonds, bank debt, shareholder loan, financial lease etc.) with maturity or amortization profile on or before Maturity Date, and
(g) within a calendar year not declare or make any dividend payment, reduction o f share capital, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with a similar effect, including but not limited to Total Return Swaps involving the Borrower's shares) or other distributions to its shareholders exceeding (on a consolidated basis) 30 % of net profit after taxes based on the accounts for the previous calendar year. Any un utilized portion o f the permitted dividend payment pursuant to the aforesaid may not be carried forward. The net profit shall, for the purpose of this clause, be adjusted for any write up of book value of assets and any gain on sales of any assets, i.e. the write up amount or gain shall be deducted from the reported net profit.
13.3 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) on each Balance Sheet Reporting Date ensure that the Borrower maintenance a Coverage Ratio o f 2.Ox or higher.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid, if the Borrower raises further indebtedness o f more than NOK 100 million, sell assets for net proceeds of more than NOK 100 million or acquires new assets for more than NOK 100 million (all amount per transaction), the Borrower shall within 30 Banking Days after such transaction report that it is in compliance with the Coverage Ratio.
