In the event that there is a change of the Agent/Security Agent in accordance with this Clause 22.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent/Security Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent/Security Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent/Security Agent and releasing the retiring Agent/Security Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent/Security Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent/Security Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent/Security Agent.
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
TIME-BAR
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
43
25. 25.1 25.1.1
25.1.2
