1.1
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Aareal Loan Agreement" means the loan agreement between Aareal Bank AG as original lender, agent and arranger and Ausade as borrower originally entered into on 12 December 2006 (as amended from time to time) whereby the original lender granted a loan to Ausade.
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" means (i) until the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), the generally accepted local accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden and (ii) once the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), the IFRS.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than ninety (90) calendar days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents, from time to time; initially CorpNordic Sweden AB, reg. no. 556625 5476, P.O. Box 16285, SE-103 25 Stockholm, Sweden.
