The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when it has received the documents and evidences set out in Clause 4.1,4.2 or 4.3.
The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.
Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will, deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
The Issuer and the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the Debt Register. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
For the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the Debt Register. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from the Debt Register as contemplated under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent shall at the request of the Agent obtain information from the Debt Register and provide it to the Agent.
The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the Debt Register. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.
At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain information from the Debt Register and provide it to the Agent.
The Issuer and the Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 5.3 and 5.4 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes. In addition, the Company may, and shall upon request, disclose information from the Debt Register to a Noteholder in relation to matters that may require consent of Noteholders representing at least 66 2/3 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount as set out in Clause 15.5.
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER
