9.7 9.7.1 9.7.2
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) or Clause 9.4 (Early redemption due to illegality (call option)) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and shall be irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or De listing Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or De-listing Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of 60 Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the occurrence of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.3 (after which period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that some, or all of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.3 shall specify the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.3. The Redemption Date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6.1.
General
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
10 10.1 10.1.1
