g) Continuation of the business. The Issuer or any Group Company ceases to carry on its business or in the case of a merger or demerger as stipulated in Clause 12.10 (Mergers and demergers), if such discontinuation would have a Material Adverse Effect; and
13.2 The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 13.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
13.3 The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within 20 Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default).
13.4 If the Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
13.5 If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
13.6 In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 13, the Issuer shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal to the redemption amount due under Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), together with accrued but unpaid Interest (including the Make Whole Amount plus accrued and unpaid interest if accelerated prior to the First Call Date).
10343125_7.DOCX
22
14
