The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Loan Security. The Loan Security (i) - the Escrow Account - shall be established prior to Disbursement Date while the Loan Security (iii) - FPSO Mortgage - shall be established as soon as practically possible, and in no case later than the time when the first priority mortgage over the FPSO is established.
A coordination agreement may be entered into between the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the lenders under the Preferred Senior Debt.
8.3 Subject to having established or providing evidence that all the Loan Security, except the FPSO Mortgage, will be satisfied in connection therewith (including any legal opinion reasonably required by the Loan Trustee), the Borrower shall be entitled to release the proceeds from the Escrow Account to be used according to purpose of the Loan, see Clause 2.2 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, release to the Borrower of maximum USD 30,000,000 for disbursement of expenses incurred by the Borrower in connection with construction of the FPSO prior to establishment of the relevant Loan Security).
As soon as the Acceptance Date has taken place, and all the Loan Security is established, the Loan Trustee shall release the remaining proceeds (if any) on the Escrow Account to be used according to purpose of the Loan, see Clause 2.2.
9 Interest
9.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on NIBOR plus Margin. The first interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks Margin.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in January 2008.
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the relevant Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NIBOR Reference Banks Margin.
