If a decision shall be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Noteholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 20.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from date of the notice.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
