(viii) evidence that all closing conditions for the acquisition of the Target (except for payment of the purchase price) have been satisfied or waived and that the acquisition will be consummated immediately upon disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account (subject to mandatory registrations and filings) (to be evidenced by a certificate issued by the seller of the Target and the Issuer); and
(c) The Agent may assume that documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4(b) is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation. The documents delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4(b) are not reviewed by the Agent from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.
(d) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been fulfilled (or, in relation to paragraph (b)(vi) above, documentation has been provided evidencing that it will be fulfilled one (1) Business Day following disbursement) to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Escrow Account) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Escrow Account to the bank account specified by the Issuer.
14
(e) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within thirty (30) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and the funds on the Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(e). The redemption date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
