Each Group Company may, subject to applicable law, any time purchase Bonds, provided that any Bond purchased by a Group Company (other than the Issuer) will promptly be surrendered to the Issuer for cancellation. Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
(a) The Issuer may redeem early all, but not some only, of the Bonds on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Make Whole Amount or the Call Option Amount (as applicable) together with accrued but unpaid interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Mandatory Redemption due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be redeemed at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Delisting Event (as applicable) pursuant to Clause 12.1(c) (after which time period such right shall
17
lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(c) shall specify the redemption date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be redeemed. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Bonds and the redemption amount shall fall due on the redemption date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(c). The redemption date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.4(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the redemption of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.4 by virtue of the conflict.
