(b) The Agent's duties under these Terms and Conditions are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
(d) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(e) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, provided that such professional parties are selected with due care.
(f) The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(g) The Agent is always entitled, at the expense of the Issuer, to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents and/or related documents including (but not limited to) (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) or for the purpose of investigating or considering (A) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (B) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantee which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Agent and the Issuer. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(h) Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.
33
(i) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(j) If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer or the Bondholders (as applicable), the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
