(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Notes; and
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
13.3 If a Noteholder or another party has with the consent of the Noteholders' Agent paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 13.2(a), such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 13.2(a).
13.4 Funds that the Noteholders' Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Notes or the enforcement of the Common Transaction Security constitute escrow funds and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Noteholders' Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 13 as soon as reasonably practicable.
13.5 If the Issuer or the Noteholders' Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 13, the Issuer or the Noteholders' Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Time, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Time specified in Clause 6.1 shall apply.
14. Right to Act on Behalf of a Noteholder
14.1 If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights specifically allocated to Noteholders under the Notes Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person or provide other evidence of ownership or authorisation satisfactory to the Noteholders' Agent.
14.2 A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Notes Documents in relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.
14.3 The Noteholders' Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 14.1 and may assume that it has been duly
