18
2.3 By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder, and, by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder (i) agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Notes Documents and (ii) agrees to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Notes Documents. These Terms and Conditions are subject to the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event any discrepancy between these Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement shall prevail.
2.4 The nominal amount (Fin: arvo-osuuden yksikkokoko) of each Note is EUR 1,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is EUR 250,000,000. All Notes are issued on the Issue Date on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount.
2.5 The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except in respect of obligations which have priority pursuant to Clause 13.1, and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them. Until the occurrence of the Transaction Security Release Event the Notes constitute secured obligations of the Issuer secured by the Common Transaction Security. The Common Transaction Security also secures a major part of the other borrowings of the Issuer. The priority in respect of enforcement proceeds from the Common Transaction Security is referred to in Clause 9.1.5 and includes certain liabilities that have better priority than the Notes to such enforcement proceeds.
2.6 Each Note is freely transferable after it has been registered into the respective book-entry account of a Noteholder but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
3.
Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Notes, less the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Notes, primarily for the redemption of the Existing 2018 Notes and for the refinancing of other existing financial indebtedness of the Group.
4.
