5.
5.1 The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
5.2 Each Noteholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Noteholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Notes registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 4 of the Book-Entry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Noteholders' Agent or the Issuing Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Noteholders' Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
5.3 The Noteholders' Agent and the Issuing Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 5.2 from the CSD in respect of the Notes if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Noteholders' Agent and the Issuing Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in Clause 5.2 from the CSD in respect of the Notes.
5.4 The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Noteholders' Agent as are notified by the Noteholders' Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information referred to in Clause 5.2 directly from the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Noteholders' Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.
5.5 The Issuer, the Noteholders' Agent and the Issuing Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 5.2 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Notes or to fulfil any requirement of law or regulation and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third party unless necessary for the before-mentioned purposes.
6.
Payments in Respect of the Notes
6.1 Any payments under or in respect of the Notes pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall be made to the person who is registered as a Noteholder at the Record Time prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the Book-Entry Securities System and book-entry accounts as well as the regulations of the CSD.
