The Issuer shall redeem all of the outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a CSD Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the CSD Business Day determined by application of the Business Day Convention.
The Issuer may at any time and at any price purchase any Notes on the market or in any other manner, provided that if purchases are made through a tender offer, the possibility to tender must be made available to all Noteholders on equal terms subject only to the potential restrictions arising from applicable securities laws. The Notes held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
8.3 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (Put Option)
8.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.3 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
8.3.2 The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.3 shall specify the repurchase date that is a CSD Business Day and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.3. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 8.3.1.
8.3.3 The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws and regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 8.3, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 8.3 by virtue of such conflict.
8.3.4 Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 8.3 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
8.3.5 The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.3, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 8.3 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 8.3, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit. The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.3.5 if
EMEA 115216278
