8.3.5 The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.3, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 8.3 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 8.3, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit. The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.3.5 if
21
it has exercised its right to redeem all of the Notes in accordance with Clause 8.8 (Voluntary Total Redemption) prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
8.3.6 If Notes representing more than 75 per cent of the Nominal Amount of the Notes have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 8.3, the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining outstanding Notes at the price stated in Clause 8.3.1 above by notifying the remaining Noteholders of its intention to do so no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the latest possible repurchase date pursuant to Clause 8.3.2. Such repurchase may occur at the earliest on the tenth CSD Business Day following the date of such notice.
8.4 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Merger or Demerger Event (Put Option)
8.4.1 Upon occurrence of a Merger or Demerger Event, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 10.1.4 of the Merger or Demerger Event.
8.4.2 On the Merger or Demerger Repurchase Date, the Issuer shall prepay a price per Note equal to 101 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on the Notes held by the Noteholders who have required repurchase of Notes held by them by a written notice to be given to the Issuer no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the delivery of the notification referred to in Clause 8.4.1. Interest on the Notes accrues until the Merger or Demerger Repurchase Date (excluding the Merger or Demerger Repurchase Date).
8.4.3 Any Noteholder whether or not it elects to exercise the right to require repurchase due to a Merger or Demerger Event is deemed to have waived any and all statutory rights under Finnish law to oppose the merger or the demerger in its capacity as a Noteholder.
8.4.4 In the event that any Noteholder opposes a merger or a demerger of the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is not permitted by these Terms and Conditions), the Issuer may, by giving not less than ten (10) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the Redemption Date), redeem the Notes held by the Noteholders who have opposed or shall oppose the merger or demerger. In such case the redemption shall take place at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. Each such Noteholder is obliged to withdraw any notice of opposing the merger or demerger on the Redemption Date specified in the Issuer's notice at the latest, provided that the Issuer has paid the relevant redemption amount on such Redemption Date. Further, without prejudice to the Noteholders' primary obligation to withdraw any notices opposing the merger or demerger, the Noteholders have by these Terms and Conditions irrevocably authorised the Issuer to represent them with respect to the Finnish Trade Register in order to withdraw the notices opposing the merger or demerger following the payment of the relevant redemption amount.
