"Guarantor's Refinancing Debt" means the Guarantor's existing debt towards Aktia Bank Plc and Nordea Bank Finland Plc in the approximate amount of EUR 5,000,000 plus accrued interest.
"Incurrence Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 14 (Incurrence Test).
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it (i) is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Section 1 of Chapter 2 of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Fin: Konkurssilaki 120/2004, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), (ii) admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, (iii) suspends making payments on any of its debts, (iv) by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (Fin: Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta 47/1993, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or (v) is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 9 (Interest).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 2 April, 2 July, 2 October and 2 January each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 2 July 2015 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a floating interest rate of 3M EURIBOR plus 7.5 per cent. per annum payable quarterly in arrears.
"Issuer" means Containerships Ltd Oy, business ID 0818358-5, with registered address Mannerheimintie 15 a C, 00260 Helsinki, Finland.
