(a) The Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
(c) The Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 6(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in Clause 6(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Trustee or the Paying Agent, as notified by the Trustee or the Paying Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney given to the Trustee unless directed by the Trustee or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
(e) The Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 6(b) only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Bonds and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for the before-mentioned purposes.
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers
18
of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
