(iv) the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the date falling 42 months after First Issue Date at a price equivalent to 102.32 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest; and
(v) the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date at a price equivalent to 101.55 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with this Clause 10.3 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Trustee and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
10.4 Voluntary Partial Prepayment
(a) The Issuer may at one occasion during each 12 months period commencing on the First Call Date, repay up to 10.00 per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata.
(b) The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1,000) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount of 2.00 per cent. and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
10.5 Voluntary Partial Prepayment upon an Equity Listing Event
(a) The Issuer may, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35 per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata, provided that such repayment is made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of the Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event).
(b) Partial prepayment in accordance with Clause 10.5(a) shall be equal to the repaid percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1,000) plus;
