(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(m) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company.
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
18. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to the CSD and each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18(a) with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 21.4(c) (Replacement of the Trustee), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18(a).
36
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 18(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (iv) a specification of the CSD Business Day at the end of which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights at the meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
