Page 6 of 34
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means EURIBOR (3 months) plus 3.75 per cent, per annum.
"IPO Event" means an Issuer Listing Event or a Parent Listing Event.
"Issuer" means HOIST [Credit AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No, 556329-5699, or (following a Permitted Merger where the Parent is the surviving entity) the Parent.
"Issuer Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer (or any class thereof), after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the issuer in connection with such listing or at any time thereafter ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Parent.
"Issuing Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Main Shareholders" means Olympus Investment S.a r.l., a private limited liability company (Fr. societe a responsabilite limitee) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with company reg. no. B 121 183 and registered address 4, rue Dicks, L-1417 Luxembourg and Beagle Investments S.A. a public limited liability company (Fr. societe anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with company reg. no. B 57296 and registered address 4, rue Dicks, L-1417 Luxembourg.
"M aterial Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than (i) 5 per cent, of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) 5 per cent, of the Consolidated EBITDA according to the most recent Financial Report of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
