2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4
of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within the European Economic Area promptly and in a non-discriininatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE NOTES
The Notes are denominated in Euro and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
The nominal amount of each Note is EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Notes is EUR 100,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price o f 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
Provided that (i) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and (ii) the incurrence of such debt constitutes Permitted Debt under sub-paragraphs (0 or (k) of the definition of "Permitted Debt", the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Additional Notes. Additional Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 1SIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Additional Notes. The price of the Additional Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. Each Additional Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
