the Nominal Amount.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw .julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Capital Cover Ratio" means the ratio of the Group's total capital (consisting of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital) to the legal minimum requirement as applicable from time to time as regards its total capital required to cover its risk exposure amount, as reported by the Issuer to the Swedish FSA in accordance with applicable legal requirements in its most recent quarterly regulatory capital adequacy report on a Group consolidated basis.
"Change of Control Event" means:
(a) prior to an IPO Event, the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being any of the Main Shareholders, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 percent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer.
(b) after an IPO Event, the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being any of the Main Shareholders, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 30 per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer.
For the avoidance of doubt, an IPO Event shall not be considered a Change of Control Event.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (ii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, including calculations and figures in respect of the Capital Cover Ratio and the Interest Cover Ratio.
