16.4 17. 17.1
At a Noteholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Noteholders (or the Noteholders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Noteholders' Meeting. The Noteholders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Noteholders' Meeting instead of the Noteholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Noteholder.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 16.1 to each Noteholder with a copy to the Agent.
A communication pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 16.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
When the requisite majority consents o f the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 14.5 and 14.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 14.5 or 14.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
