8.875% Senior Notes due 2022
Blenheim Holdings Ltd., which is GasLog's largest shareholder and is controlled by our chairman, Peter G. Livanos, has agreed to purchase $9,750,000 of Notes in this offering. A total of $16,250,000 of Notes (including the Notes to be purchased by Blenheim Holdings Ltd.) is being sold to GasLog-related investors in this offering.
The Notes will bear interest from the date of original issue until maturity at a rate of % per year. Interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30 of each year, commencing on June 30, 2017. The Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.
The Notes will be our unsecured unsubordinated obligations. The Notes will rank senior to any of our future subordinated debt and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The Notes will effectively rank junior to our existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt as well as to existing and future debt and other liabilities of our subsidiaries.
We may redeem some or all of the Notes at any time and from time to time at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date, plus an applicable "makewhole" premium. The Notes may also be redeemed at 100% of their principal amount in whole but not in part upon the occurrence of certain tax events described in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus.
The Notes are a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We do not intend to apply to list the Notes on any securities exchange.
Investing in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. The Notes have not been rated. Please read the section entitled "Risk Factors" on page S-15 of this prospectus supplement and beginning on page 6 of our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2017 before you make an investment in the Notes.
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus are truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
Per Note
