S-26
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Page 40 of 119
DESCRIPTION OF NOTES
The following description is only a summary of certain provisions of the Notes and the Indenture. You should read those documents in their entirety because they, and not this description, define your rights as holders of the Notes. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (or the TIA), and to all of the provisions of the Indenture and those terms made a part of the Indenture by reference to the TIA. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to "we," "us," and "our" in this section refer solely to GasLog Ltd., the issuer of the Notes, and not to any of its subsidiaries.
The following description of the particular terms of the Notes offered hereby supplements the "Description of Debt Securities" set forth in the accompanying prospectus.
General
The Notes will be issued under an indenture to be dated as of March 22, 2017 (or the Base Indenture), between the Issuer and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (or the Trustee), as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture to be dated as of March 22, 2017, between the Issuer and the Trustee (or the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture).
The Notes will initially be limited to $250.0 million in aggregate principal amount. The Indenture will not limit the amount of debt securities that the Issuer may issue under the Indenture and will provide that debt securities may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Issuer may from time to time, without giving notice to or seeking the consent of the holders of the Notes, issue debt securities having the same interest rate, maturity and other terms (except for the issue date, the public offering price and the first interest payment date) as, and ranking equally and ratably with, the Notes. Any additional debt securities having such similar terms, together with the Notes, will constitute a single series of debt securities under the Indenture, including for purposes of voting and redemptions, and any additional debt securities issued as part of the same series as the Notes will be fungible with the Notes for United States federal income tax purposes or will be issued under a separate CUSIP number. No such additional debt securities may be issued if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, so long as no default or Event of Default hereunder would result therefrom, nothing contained in the Indenture will prohibit the Issuer from entering into commercial loans or bank debt, whether secured or unsecured, including without limitation, such debt that may be syndicated.
