The Notes are expected to trade at a price that takes into account the value, if any, of accrued but unpaid interest; thus, purchasers will not pay and sellers will not receive accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the Notes that is not included in the trading price thereof. Any portion of the trading price of a Note received that is attributable to accrued interest will be treated as ordinary interest income for federal income tax purposes and will not be treated as part of the amount realized for purposes of determining gain or loss on the disposition of the Note.
The Notes will be our unsubordinated unsecured obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all our existing and future unsubordinated unsecured indebtedness.
The Notes will rank senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future subordinated indebtedness.
The Notes will effectively rank junior to our current and any future secured indebtedness incurred by us, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. Assuming we had completed this offering on December 31, 2016, after giving effect to the issuance of our Notes and assuming we held all of the net proceeds of the offering as cash, we and our subsidiaries would have had an aggregate of approximately $3.12 billion of debt outstanding. Of such amount, $2.74 billion would have been secured debt of our subsidiaries. Please read "Risk Factors Risks of Investing in our Notes-- Our Notes will be unsecured obligations and will be effectively subordinated to our secured debt and debt of our subsidiaries."
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Notes will effectively rank junior to all liabilities of our subsidiaries (excluding any amounts owed by such subsidiaries to us). We derive substantially all of our operating income and cash flow from our investments in our subsidiaries. Claims of creditors of our subsidiaries generally will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of such subsidiaries over the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Notes. As a result, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to creditors, including trade creditors and preferred shareholders or unitholders, if any, other than us, of our subsidiaries. Please read "Risk Factors--Risks of Investing in our Notes."
Additional Amounts
All payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer under or with respect to the Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future tax, duty, levy, impost, assessment or other governmental charge (including penalties, interest and other liabilities related thereto) (or Taxes) unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is then required by law. If any deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of the government of Bermuda or any political subdivision or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, or any other jurisdiction in which the Issuer (including any successor entity) is organized or is otherwise resident for tax purposes, or any jurisdiction from or through which payment is made (including, without limitation, the jurisdiction of each paying agent) (each a Specified Tax Jurisdiction), will at any time be required to be made from
S-28
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
