(9) any combination of items (1) through (8) above.
S-29
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Page 45 of 119
agent at least 30 days prior to the date of that payment (unless the obligation to pay Additional Amounts arises after the 30th day prior to that payment date, in which case the Issuer will notify the Trustee and paying agent promptly thereafter but in no event later than two business days prior to the date of payment) an Officer's Certificate stating the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amount so payable. The Officer's Certificate must also set forth any other information necessary to enable the paying agent to pay Additional Amounts to holders on the relevant payment date. The Trustee and paying agent will be entitled to rely solely on such Officer's Certificate as conclusive proof that such payments are necessary. The Issuer will provide the Trustee and paying agent with documentation satisfactory to the Trustee and paying agent evidencing the payment o f Additional Amounts.
The Issuer will make all withholdings and deductions required by law and will remit the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant governmental authority on a timely basis in accordance with applicable law. As soon as practicable, the Issuer will provide the Trustee and paying agent with an official receipt or, if official receipts are not obtainable, other documentation satisfactory to the Trustee and paying agent evidencing the payment of the Taxes so withheld or deducted. Upon request, copies of those receipts or other documentation, as the case may be, will be made available by the Trustee and paying agent to the holders of the Notes.
Whenever in the Indenture there is referenced, in any context, the payment of amounts based upon the principal amount of the Notes or of principal, interest or any other amount payable under, or with respect to, the Notes, such reference will be deemed to include payment o f Additional Amounts as described under this heading to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof.
The Issuer will pay any present or future stamp, court, issue, registration, value added, court or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies that arise in any Specified Tax Jurisdiction from the execution, delivery, enforcement or registration o f the Notes, the Indenture or any other document or instrument in relation thereof, or the receipt o f any payments with respect to the Notes, other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any Transfer Taxes, as defined below in "--Transfer and Exchange" (each such tax, a Note Issuance Tax), and the Issuer will indemnify the holders for any such Note Issuance Taxes paid by such holders.
