Certain Covenants
(1) Pari passu ranking. The Issuer's payment obligations under the Notes shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims that are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application and for other obligations that are mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally. The Notes shall rank ahead of any current or future subordinated debt.
(2) Mergers. The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of any of the Group Companies with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(3) De-mergers. The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting any Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(4) Continuation o f business. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Indenture, as described in this prospectus, and any business reasonably related, ancillary or complimentary thereto, including without limitation any business in the marine energy transportation or LNG storage, liquefaction or regassification sectors.
(5) Disposal o f business. The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's aggregate assets or operations, unless:
(a) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Issuer; and
(b) such transaction would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(6) Relatedparty transactions. The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any affiliate of the Issuer that is not a Group Company (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except (i) pursuant to existing agreements and arrangements with such affiliates or (ii) transactions that are (A) approved by a majority of the independent members of the audit committee of the Issuer's board of directors, (B) on terms no less favorable to the Issuer or such Group member than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties, (C) fair and reasonable to the Issuer or such Group member, as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Issuer or (D) immaterial in amount or significance to the Issuer or the Group.
