The Change of Control purchase rights of the holders could discourage a potential acquirer of us. The Change of Control purchase feature, however, is not the result of management's knowledge of any specific effort to obtain control of us by any means or part of a plan by management to adopt a series of anti-takeover provisions.
The definition of Change of Control includes a phrase relating to the conveyance, transfer, sale, lease or disposition of "all or substantially all" of our consolidated assets. There is no precise, established definition of the phrase "substantially all" under applicable law. Accordingly, the ability of a holder of the Notes to require us to purchase its Notes as a result of the conveyance, transfer, sale, lease or other disposition of less than all of our assets may be uncertain.
If a Change of Control were to occur, the Issuer may not have enough funds to pay the Change of Control Purchase Price. The Issuer's ability to repurchase the Notes for cash may be limited by restrictions on its ability to obtain funds for such repurchase through dividends from its subsidiaries, the terms of its then existing borrowing arrangements or otherwise. Please read "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes--We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to purchase or repurchase our Notes as required upon a change of control, and our existing and future debt may contain limitations on our ability to purchase or repurchase our Notes." If the Issuer fails to purchase the Notes when required following a Change of Control, the Issuer will be in Default under the Indenture. In addition, we have, and we may in the future incur, other indebtedness with similar change in control provisions permitting our holders to accelerate or to require us to purchase their indebtedness upon the occurrence of similar events or on some specific dates.
Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets
The Issuer may not consolidate with or merge with or into, any other person or sell, assign, convey, transfer, lease its properties and assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to any person, unless:
· the successor person (if any) is a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity organized and validly existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Bermuda, the United States of America, any State of the United States or the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of the Bahamas, the Republic of Liberia, the Republic of Panama, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Isle of Man, Cyprus, Norway, Greece, Hong Kong, the United Kingdom, Malta, any Member State of the European Union and any other jurisdiction generally acceptable, as determined in good faith by the board o f directors of the Issuer, to institutional lenders in the shipping industry, and expressly assumes
S-38
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
