· make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder in any material respect.
Satisfaction and Discharge
The Issuer may satisfy and discharge its obligations under the Indenture by delivering to the registrar for cancellation all outstanding Notes or irrevocably depositing with the Trustee or delivering to the holders, as applicable, after all outstanding Notes have become due and payable, or will become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year, or have been called for redemption or are to be called for redemption within one year, cash sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums payable under the Indenture by the Issuer. Such discharge is subject to terms contained in the Indenture.
If the Issuer satisfies and discharges its obligations under the Indenture, the Issuer will be released from its obligations in the provisions described under "--Change of Control Permits Holders to Require the Issuer to Purchase Notes."
Defeasance
The Issuer may terminate at any time all its obligations with respect to the Notes and the Indenture, which we refer to as "legal defeasance," except for certain obligations, including those respecting the defeasance trust and obligations to register the transfer or exchange of the Notes, to replace mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and to maintain a registrar and paying agent in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may also terminate at any time the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Notes under the covenants described under "--Change of Control Permits Holders to Require the Issuer to Purchase Notes," "--Certain Covenants" and "--Reports," and the operation of certain Events of Default, which we refer to as "covenant defeasance." The Issuer may exercise the legal defeasance option notwithstanding its prior exercise of the covenant defeasance option.
If the Issuer exercises its legal defeasance option with respect to the Notes, payment of the Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default with respect thereto. If the Issuer exercises the covenant defeasance option with respect to the Notes, payment of the Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in clause (4), clause (5) (with respect to the covenants described under "--Certain Covenants" or "--Reports"), clause (6) or clause (7).
The legal defeasance option or the covenant defeasance option with respect to the Notes may be exercised only if:
(1) the Issuer irrevocably deposits in trust with the Trustee cash or U.S. Government obligations or a combination thereof for the payment of principal of, premium, if any, interest, and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes to maturity,
