https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
Page 73 of 119
MATERIAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS
Bermuda Tax Considerations
At the present time, there is no Bermuda income or profits tax, withholding tax, capital gains tax, capital transfer tax, estate duty or inheritance tax payable by us or by our shareholders in respect of our shares. We have obtained an assurance from the Minister of Finance of Bermuda under the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966 of Bermuda, as amended, that, in the event that any legislation is enacted in Bermuda imposing any tax computed on profits or income, or computed on any capital asset, gain or appreciation or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax, such tax shall not, until March 31, 2035, be applicable to us or to any of our operations or to our shares, debentures or other obligations except insofar as such tax applies to persons ordinarily resident in Bermuda or is payable by us in respect of real property owned or leased by us in Bermuda. Given the limited duration of the Bermuda Minister of Finance's assurance, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any Bermuda tax after March 31, 2035.
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following discussion of U.S. Federal income tax matters is based on the Code, judicial decisions, administrative pronouncements, and existing and proposed regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion does not address any U.S. state or local taxes. You are encouraged to consult your own tax advisor regarding the particular U.S. Federal, state and local and foreign income and other tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of the Notes that may be applicable to you.
U.S. Taxation o f Our Operating Income
We have elected to treat a majority of our subsidiaries as disregarded entities for U.S. Federal income tax purposes. The entities that are considered disregarded entities for U.S. Federal income tax purposes should be treated as branches rather than corporations for U.S. Federal income tax purposes. Currently, no election has been filed to treat GasLog LNG Services Ltd., GasLog Services UK Ltd., GasLog Asia Pte. Ltd., GasLog Investments Ltd., GasLog Monaco S.A.M., GasLog Shipping Limited, GasLog Shipping Company Ltd., and Egypt LNG Shipping Ltd. as disregarded entities for U.S. Federal income tax purposes. As a result, these entities and GasLog Services U.S. Inc. will continue to be treated as corporations for U.S. Federal income tax purposes.
