Page 75 of 119
(i) we are organized in a foreign country (the "country of organization") that grants an "equivalent exemption" to corporations organized in the United States; and
(ii) either
(a) more than 50% of the value of our shares is owned, directly or indirectly, by individuals who are "residents" of our country of organization or of another foreign country that grants an equivalent exemption to corporations organized in the United States (the "50% Ownership Test"), or
(b) our shares are "primarily and regularly traded on an established securities market" in our country of organization, in another country that grants an equivalent exemption to U.S. corporations, or in the United States (the "Publicly-Traded Test").
We are currently not entitled to this exemption under Section 883 for any tax year. As a result, we are subject to the 4% U.S. Federal income tax under Section 887 on our U.S. source gross transportation income (subject to the discussion of "effectively connected income" below). For 2016, the U.S. source gross transportation tax was $0.30 million.
Because we are unable to qualify for the exemption under Section 883, our U.S. source gross transportation income in future years that is considered to be "effectively connected" with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business is subject to the U.S. corporate income tax currently imposed at rates of up to 35% (net of applicable deductions). In addition, we may be subject to the 30% U.S. "branch profits" tax on earnings effectively connected with the conduct of such trade or business, as determined after allowance for certain adjustments, and on certain interest paid or deemed paid attributable to the conduct of our U.S. trade or business.
Our U.S. source gross transportation income would be considered effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business only if:
(i) we had, or were considered to have, a fixed place of business in the United States involved in the earning of U.S. source gross transportation income; and
