Interest paid on the Notes generally will be foreign source income and, depending on your circumstances, treated as either "passive" or "general" category income for purposes of computing allowable foreign tax credits for U.S. Federal income tax purposes
A U.S. holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss upon a sale, exchange or other disposition of the Notes in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized by the U.S. holder from such sale, exchange or other disposition and the U.S. holder's tax basis in such Notes. Such gain or loss will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder's holding period is greater than one year at the time of the sale, exchange or other disposition. Such capital gain or loss will generally be treated as U.S. source income or loss, as applicable, for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. Long-term capital gains of non-corporate U.S. holders are generally eligible for a maximum 20% preferential tax rate. A U.S. holder's ability to deduct capital losses against income is subject to certain limitations.
Unearned Income Medicare Contribution Tax
Each U.S. holder who is an individual, estate or trust is generally subject to a 3.8% Medicare tax on the lesser of (i) such U.S. holder's "net investment income" for the relevant tax year, and (ii) the excess of such U.S. holder's modified adjusted gross income for the tax year over a certain threshold (which in the case of individuals will be between $125,000 and $250,000, depending on the individual's circumstances). For this purpose, net investment income generally includes interest income and capital gains from the sale, exchange or other disposition of the Notes, subject to certain exceptions. You are encouraged to consult your own tax advisor regarding the applicability of the Medicare tax to your income and gains from your ownership or disposition of the Notes.
U.S. Federal Income Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders
You are a "non-U.S. holder" if you are a beneficial owner of the Notes (other than a partnership for U.S. tax purposes) and you are not a U.S. holder.
Interest on the Notes
Non-U.S. holders generally will not be subject to U.S. Federal income tax or withholding tax on interest received from us with respect to the Notes, unless that interest is effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder's conduct of a trade or business in the United States. If the non-U.S. holder is entitled to the benefits of an
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
