(1) fail to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number;
(3) in certain circumstances, fail to comply with applicable certification requirements.
If you are a non-U.S. holder, you may be required to establish your exemption from information reporting and backup withholding by certifying your status on IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY, as applicable.
If you sell the Notes to or through a U.S. office or broker, the payment of the sales proceeds is subject to both U.S. backup withholding and information reporting unless you certify that you are a non-U.S. person, under penalties of perjury, or you otherwise establish an exemption. If you sell the Notes through a non-U.S. office of a non-U.S. broker and the sales proceeds are paid to you outside the United States, then information reporting and backup withholding generally will not apply to that payment.
However, U.S. information reporting requirements (but not backup withholding) will apply to a payment of sales proceeds, even if that payment is made outside the United States, if you sell the Notes through a non-U.S. office of a broker that is a U.S. person or has certain other connections with the United States.
Backup withholding tax is not an additional tax. Rather, you generally may obtain a refund of any amounts withheld under backup withholding rules that exceed your income tax liability by accurately completing and timely filing a refund claim with the IRS.
Tax Return Disclosure
U.S. individuals that hold certain specified foreign financial assets (which include notes in a foreign corporation) are subject to U.S. return disclosure obligations (and related penalties for failure to disclose). Such U.S. individuals are required to file IRS Form 8938 with their U.S. Federal income tax return, subject to certain exceptions (including an exception for foreign assets held in accounts maintained by U.S. financial institutions). Notes of a foreign corporation, including the Notes, are a specified foreign asset for this purpose. Penalties apply for failure to properly complete and file Form 8938. You are encouraged to consult with your own tax advisors regarding the filing of IRS Form 8938.
S-52
