We are a Bermuda exempted company. Our registered address in Bermuda is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton, HM 11, Bermuda. A majority of our directors and some of the named experts referred to in this prospectus supplement are not residents of the United States, and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process on those persons in the United States or to enforce in the United States judgments obtained in U.S. courts against us or those persons based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. It is doubtful whether courts in Bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the United States, against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions.
Certain legal matters, including tax matters, with respect to the laws of Bermuda will be passed upon for us by our special counsel as to Bermuda law, Conyers Dill & Pearman Limited. The validity of the Notes and certain matters with respect to this offering, including tax matters with respect to U.S. law, will be passed upon for us by Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, New York, New York. Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP may rely on the opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman Limited for all matters of Bermuda law. Certain matters with respect to this offering will be passed upon for the underwriters by Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, New York, New York.
EXPERTS
The consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2016, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, incorporated in this prospectus supplement by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016, and the effectiveness of GasLog Ltd.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 have been audited by Deloitte LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports, which are incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements have been so incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.
The offices of Deloitte LLP are located at 2 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3BZ, United Kingdom.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form F-3 under the Securities Act with respect to the offer and sale of securities pursuant to this prospectus supplement. For purposes of this section, the term "registration statement" means the original registration statement and any and all amendments, including the schedules and exhibits to the original registration statement and any amendments. This prospectus supplement, filed as a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement or the exhibits and schedules thereto in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and no reference is hereby made to such omitted information. Statements made in this prospectus supplement concerning the contents of any contract, agreement or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are summaries of all of the material terms of such contracts, agreements or documents, but do not repeat all of their terms. Reference is made to each such exhibit for a more complete description of the matters involved and such statements shall be deemed qualified in their entirety by such reference. The registration statement and the exhibits and schedules thereto filed with the SEC may be inspected, without charge, and copies may be obtained at prescribed rates, at the public reference facility maintained by the SEC at its principal office at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the public reference facility by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants
S-57
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
