S-57
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Page 87 of 119
that file electronically with the SEC. For further information pertaining to the securities offered by this prospectus supplement and GasLog Ltd., reference is made to the registration statement.
We are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and we file periodic reports and other information with the SEC. These periodic reports and other information are available for inspection and copying at the SEC's public reference facilities and the website of the SEC referred to above. As a "foreign private issuer", we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of proxy statements to shareholders, but we are required to furnish certain proxy statements to shareholders under NYSE rules. Those proxy statements are not expected to conform to Schedule 14A of the proxy rules promulgated under the Exchange Act. In addition, as a "foreign private issuer", we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act relating to short swing profit reporting and liability.
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE
The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information that we file with it. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those filed documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this prospectus supplement, and information that we file later with the SEC prior to the termination of this offering will also be considered to be part of this prospectus supplement and will automatically update and supersede previously filed information, including information contained in this document. We hereby incorporate our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2017.
We are also incorporating by reference all subsequent annual reports on Form 20-F that we file with the SEC and certain reports on Form 6-K that we furnish to the SEC after the date of this prospectus supplement (if they state that they are incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement) until we file a post-effective amendment indicating that the offering of the Notes made by this prospectus supplement has been terminated. In all cases, you should rely on the later information over different information included in this prospectus supplement.
We will provide, free of charge upon written or oral request, to each person to whom this prospectus supplement is delivered, a copy of any or all of the information that has been incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, but which has not been delivered with the prospectus supplement. Copies of these documents also may be obtained on the "Investor Relations" section of our website at www.gaslogltd.com. Requests for such information should be made to us at the following address:
