Through this prospectus, we may offer common shares, preference shares, debt securities, warrants, rights and units from time to time. We may also offer securities of the types listed above that are convertible or exchangeable into one or more of the securities listed above. When we decide to sell a particular class or series of securities, we will provide specific terms of the offered securities in a prospectus supplement.
This prospectus describes some of the general terms that may apply to these securities and the general manner in which they may be offered. The specific terms of any securities to be offered, and the specific manner in which they may be offered, will be described in one or more supplements to this prospectus. A prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus.
Our common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "GLOG"
Our 8.75% Series A Preference Shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "GLOG PR A".
Our principal executive offices are located at Gildo Pastor Center, 7 Rue du Gabian, MC 98000, Monaco. Our telephone number at such address is +377 97 97 51 15.
Investing in our securities involves risks. Before buying any securities you should carefully read the section entitled "Risk Factors" on page 3 of this prospectus.
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state or other securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
Consent under the Bermuda Exchange Control Act 1972 (and its related regulations) has been obtained from the Bermuda Monetary Authority for the issue and transfer of our offered securities to and between residents and non-residents of Bermuda for exchange control purposes provided our common shares remain listed on an appointed stock exchange, which includes the New York Stock Exchange. This prospectus may be filed with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda in accordance with Bermuda law. In granting such consent and in accepting this prospectus for filing, neither the Bermuda Monetary Authority nor the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda accepts any responsibility for our financial soundness or the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions expressed in this prospectus.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
