The declaration and payment of dividends are at all times subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, amongst other things, risks and uncertainties described above, restrictions in our credit facilities, the provisions of Bermuda law and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant.
Unless otherwise indicated, references in this prospectus to "GasLog", the "Company", the "Group", "we ", "our", "us " or similar terms refer to GasLog Ltd. or any one or more o f its subsidiaries (including GasLog Partners LP) or their predecessors, or to such entities collectively, except that when such terms are used in this prospectus in reference to the common shares or the 8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preference Shares (the "Series A Preference Shares "), they refer to GasLog Ltd; "GasLog Partners " or the "Partnership ", refers to GasLog Partners LP, a master limitedpartnership formed by GasLog to own, operate and acquire LNG carriers under long-term charters, or any one or more o f GasLog Partners 'subsidiaries; "GasLog LNG Services " refers to GasLog LNG Services Ltd., our wholly owned subsidiary; "our vessels " or "our ships " refers to the LNG carriers owned or controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries, including the LNG carriers owned by GasLog Partners; "our wholly owned vessels " or "our wholly owned ships " refers to the LNG carriers owned by the Company and its subsidiaries, excluding any LNG carriers owned by GasLog Partners (in which we hold the controlling general partner interest as well as limitedpartner interests) and its subsidiaries and Egypt LNG Shipping Ltd. (in which we hold a 25.0% equity interest); "BG Group " refers to BG Group plc which was acquired by Royal Dutch Shell plc ( "Shell") on February 15, 2016, "M SL" refers to Methane Services Limited, a subsidiary o f Shell, "Hyundai " refers to Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., Ltd., and "Samsung" refers to Samsung Heavy Industries Co., Ltd., or, in each case, one or more o f their subsidiaries or to such entities collectively; "NYSE" refers to the New York Stock Exchange; "SEC" refers to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; "dollars" and "$ " refers to, and amounts are presented in, U.S. dollars; "Lepta Shipping" refers to Lepta Shipping Co., Ltd.; and "M itsui" refers to Mitsui Co., Ltd.
We are an international owner, operator and manager of LNG carriers providing support to international energy companies as part of their LNG logistics chain. Our owned fleet consists of 26 owned LNG carriers, including 18 ships on the water and eight LNG carriers on order at two of the world's leading LNG shipbuilders, Samsung and Hyundai. This includes eight LNG carriers in operation that are owned by our NYSE-listed subsidiary GasLog Partners, with which we have entered into certain agreements governing our relationship, including purchase options for certain of our ships. We currently manage and operate 22 LNG carriers including nine of our wholly owned ships in operation (one is managed by a subsidiary of Shell), the eight ships contributed or sold to the Partnership, three ships owned by MSL, one additional LNG carrier in which we have a 25.0% interest and a vessel secured under a long term bareboat charter from Lepta Shipping (a subsidiary
2
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Page 94 of 119
of Mitsui). We are also supervising the construction of our newbuildings. We have secured multi-year time and seasonal time charter contracts for seven of our operating ships, the one vessel secured under a long term bareboat charter from Lepta Shipping (a subsidiary of Mitsui), the eight ships owned by the Partnership and seven of our eight newbuildings on order. From December 31, 2015, these contracts are expected to provide total contracted revenue of $3.7 billion during their initial terms, which expire between 2016 and 2029.
Our wholly owned subsidiary, GasLog LNG Services, exclusively handles the technical management of our fleet, including plan approval for new ship orders, supervision of ship construction and planning and supervision of drydockings, as well as technical operations, crewing, training, maintenance, regulatory and classification compliance and health, safety, security and environmental management and reporting. As the sole technical manager of BG Group's owned fleet of LNG carriers for over 15 years, we have established a track record for the efficient, safe and reliable operation of LNG carriers, which is evidenced by our safety performance and the limited off-hire days of the 22 ships currently operating under our management.
