of Mitsui). We are also supervising the construction of our newbuildings. We have secured multi-year time and seasonal time charter contracts for seven of our operating ships, the one vessel secured under a long term bareboat charter from Lepta Shipping (a subsidiary of Mitsui), the eight ships owned by the Partnership and seven of our eight newbuildings on order. From December 31, 2015, these contracts are expected to provide total contracted revenue of $3.7 billion during their initial terms, which expire between 2016 and 2029.
On April 4, 2012, we completed an initial public offering and a concurrent private placement of our common shares. On January 22, 2014, we completed a follow-on public offering and concurrent private placement of our common shares. On April 16, 2014, we completed a second follow-on public offering of our common shares. Our common shares are listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "GLOG" If any securities are to be listed or quoted on any other securities exchange or quotation system, the applicable prospectus supplement will so state.
On April 7, 2015 we completed a public offering of our Series A Preference Shares, par value $0.01 per share. The Series A Preference Shares are listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "GLOG PR A".
We maintain our principal executive offices at Gildo Pastor Center, 7 Rue du Gabian, MC 98000, Monaco. Our telephone number at that address is +377 97 97 51 15. We are registered with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda under registration number 33928. We maintain a registered office in Bermuda at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton, HM 11, Bermuda.
RISK FACTORS
Investing in the securities to be offered pursuant to this prospectus may involve a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the important factors set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and incorporated herein by reference and in the accompanying prospectus supplement for such issuance before investing in any securities that may be offered. For further details, see the section entitled "Where You Can Find Additional Information".
Any of the risk factors referred to above could significantly and negatively affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, which may reduce our ability to pay dividends and lower the trading price of our securities. The risks referred to above are not the only ones that may exist. Additional risks not currently known by us or that we deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. You may lose all or a part of your investment.
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF LIABILITIES
We are a Bermuda exempted company. Our registered address in Bermuda is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton, HM 11, Bermuda. As a result, the rights of holders of our securities will be governed by Bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders o f companies incorporated in other jurisdictions.
