However, we have expressly submitted to the jurisdiction of the U.S. federal and New York state courts sitting in the City of New York for the purpose of any suit, action or proceeding arising under the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States, and we have appointed Puglisi & Associates, 850 Library Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, Delaware 19711, our registered agent, to accept service of process on our behalf in any such action.
This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC using a shelf registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may, from time to time, sell up to an aggregate public offering price of $600,000,000 of any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell securities, we will provide you with this prospectus, as well as a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the terms of that offering. That prospectus supplement may include additional risk factors or other special considerations applicable to those particular securities. Any prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. If there is any inconsistency between the information contained in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information contained in that particular prospectus supplement. You should read both this prospectus and any prospectus supplement together with additional information described under the heading "Where You Can Find Additional Information".
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form F-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the offer and sale of securities pursuant to this prospectus. For purposes of this section, the term "registration statement" means the original registration statement and any and all amendments, including the schedules and exhibits to the original registration statement and any amendments. This prospectus, filed as a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement or the exhibits and schedules thereto in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and no reference is hereby made to such omitted information. Statements made in this prospectus concerning the contents of any contract, agreement or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are summaries of all of the material terms of such contracts, agreements or documents, but do not repeat all of their terms. Reference is made to each such exhibit for a more complete description of the matters involved and such statements shall be deemed qualified in their entirety by such reference. The registration statement and the exhibits and schedules thereto filed with the SEC may be inspected, without charge, and copies may be obtained at prescribed rates, at the public reference facility maintained by the SEC at its principal office at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the public reference facility by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. For further information pertaining to the securities offered by this prospectus and GasLog Ltd., reference is made to the registration statement.
We are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and we file periodic reports and other information with the SEC. These periodic reports and other information are available for inspection and copying at the SEC's public reference facilities and the website of the SEC referred to above. As a "foreign private issuer", we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of proxy statements to shareholders, but we are required to furnish certain proxy statements to shareholders under NYSE rules. Those proxy statements are not expected to conform to
4
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Page 96 of 119
