https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
Page 100 of 119
included as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, will be executed at the time we issue any debt securities. Any supplemental indentures will be filed with the SEC on a Form 6-K or by a post effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.
The particular terms of the debt securities offered by any prospectus supplement, and the extent to which the general provisions described below may apply to the offered debt securities, will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The indenture will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "Trust Indenture Act"). The terms of the debt securities will include those stated in the indenture and those made part of the indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act.
Because the following summaries of the material terms and provisions of the indenture and the related debt securities are not complete, you should refer to the form of the indenture and the debt securities for complete information on some of the terms and provisions of the indenture, including definitions of some of the terms used below, and the debt securities.
General
The provisions of the indenture do not limit the aggregate principal amount of debt securities which may be issued thereunder. Unless otherwise provided in a prospectus supplement, the debt securities will be our direct, unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations and will have the same rank in liquidation as all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The debt securities may be convertible into common shares or other securities if specified in the applicable prospectus supplement.
Payments
We may issue debt securities from time to time in one or more series. The provisions of the indenture allow us to "reopen" a previous issue of a series of debt securities and issue additional debt securities of that series. The debt securities may be denominated and payable in U.S. dollars or other currencies. We may also issue debt securities from time to time with the principal amount or interest payable on any relevant payment date to be determined by reference to one or more currency exchange rates, securities or baskets of securities, commodity prices or indices. Holders of these types of debt securities will receive payments of principal or interest that depend upon the value of the applicable currency, security or basket of securities, commodity or index on the relevant payment dates.
