· transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers.
In connection with the sale of securities covered by this prospectus, broker-dealers may receive commissions or other compensation from us in the form of commissions, discounts or concessions. Broker-dealers may also receive compensation from purchasers of the securities for whom they act as agents or to whom they sell as principals or both. Compensation as to a particular broker-dealer may be in excess of customary commissions or in amounts to be negotiated. In connection with any underwritten offering, underwriters may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from us or from purchasers of the securities for whom they act as agents. Underwriters may sell the securities to or through dealers, and such dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the underwriters and/or commissions from the purchasers for whom they may act as agents. Any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be "underwriters" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any profit on the sale of the securities by them and any discounts, commissions or concessions received by any of those underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
In connection with the distribution of the securities covered by this prospectus or otherwise, we may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions. In connection with such transactions, broker-dealers or other financial institutions may engage in short sales of our securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume with us. We may also sell securities short and deliver the securities offered by this prospectus to close out our short positions. We may also enter into option or other transactions with brokerdealers or other financial institutions, which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus, as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction. We may also from time to time pledge securities pursuant to the margin provisions of any customer agreements with brokers. Upon default, the broker may offer and sell such pledged securities from time to time pursuant to this prospectus, as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction.
At any time a particular offer of the securities covered by this prospectus is made, a revised prospectus or prospectus supplement, if required, will be distributed which will set forth the aggregate amount of securities covered by this prospectus being offered and the terms of the offering, including the expected issue price or method of determining the price, the time period during which the offer will be open and whether the purchase period may be extended or shortened, the method and time limits for paying up and delivering securities, name or names of any underwriters, dealers, brokers or agents, any discounts, commissions, concessions and other items constituting compensation from us, and any discounts, commissions or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers. Such prospectus supplement, and, if necessary, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, will be filed with the SEC to reflect the disclosure of additional information with respect to the distribution of the securities covered by this prospectus. In order to comply with the securities laws of certain states, if applicable, the securities sold under this prospectus may only be sold through registered or licensed broker-dealers. In addition, in some states the securities may not be sold unless they have been
18
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Page 117 of 119
registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with.
