charter by a three-year period. The charter of Hull No. 2212 has the right to extend the charter by three consecutive periods of two years each at the charterer's option.
 each ship is sized at between approximately 145,000 cbm and 180,000 cbm capacity, which places our ships in the medium- to large-size class of LNG carriers; we believe this size range maximizes their operational flexibility, as these ships are compatible with most existing LNG terminals around the world, and minimizes excess LNG boil-off;
 each ship is double-hulled, which is standard in the LNG industry;
 each ship has a membrane containment system incorporating current industry construction standards, including guidelines and recommendations from Gaztransport and Technigaz (the designer of the membrane system) as well as updated standards from our classification society;
 each of our ships is modern steam powered or has TFDE or has dual-fuel two-stroke engine propulsion technology;
 Bermuda is the flag state of each ship;
 each of our delivered ships has received, and each of our newbuildings is expected to receive, an ENVIRO+ notation from our classification society, which denotes compliance with its published guidelines concerning the most stringent criteria for environmental protection related to design characteristics, management and support systems, sea discharges and air emissions; and
 upon delivery of the last of our five contracted newbuildings in 2019, our owned fleet will have an average age of 6.3 years, making it one of the youngest in the industry, compared to a current average age of 11.9 years for the global LNG carrier fleet including LNG carriers of all sizes as of December 31, 2016.
In addition to our owned fleet, we have a 25% ownership interest in Egypt LNG, an entity whose principal asset is the Methane Nile Eagle. The Methane Nile Eagle is a 145,000 cbm LNG carrier that was built in 2007. It is currently chartered to MSL under a 20-year time charter, which is subject to extension for up to 10 years at the charterer's option. On October 29, 2015, Egypt LNG and MSL mutually agreed to lay up the Methane Nile Eagle for a period of approximately one year. The charterer continued to pay charter hire costs adjusted for net savings in operating expenses and insurance as a result of the vessel being laid up. The Methane Nile Eagle was re-activated on October 15, 2016.
