3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Issuer Securities Offered
Maturity Dates Interest Payment Dates. Interest Rate Ranking
No Security or Guarantees Change of Control
Optional Redemption
The Offering
GasLog Ltd.
$250.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 8.875% Senior Notes due 2022 issued in minimum denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. For a detailed description of the Notes, see "Description of Notes." Blenheim Holdings Ltd., which is GasLog's largest shareholder and is controlled by our chairman, Peter G. Livanos, has agreed to purchase $9,750,000 of Notes in this offering. A total of $16,250,000 of Notes (including the Notes to be purchased by Blenheim Holdings Ltd.) is being sold to GasLog-related investors in this offering. The Notes will mature on March 22, 2022.
March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30 of each year, commencing on June 30, 2017. The Notes will bear interest from the date of original issue until maturity at a rate of 8.875% per year, payable quarterly in arrears. The Notes will be unsecured unsubordinated obligations of GasLog. The Notes will rank senior to any of our future subordinated debt and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The Notes will effectively rank junior to our existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt as well as to existing and future debt and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2016, after giving effect to the issuance of the Notes and the use of proceeds thereof as described under "Use of Proceeds," we would have had total consolidated debt of approximately $3.12 billion. Of such amount, $2.74 billion would have been secured debt, all of which is debt of our subsidiaries. None of our obligations under the Notes will be secured by collateral or guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries, affiliates or any other persons. Upon the occurrence of certain change of control events (as defined in the indenture governing the Notes), you will have the right, as a holder of the Notes, to require us to repurchase some or all of your Notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. For additional information, please read "Description of Notes-- Change of Control Permits Holders to Require the Issuer to Purchase Notes." We may redeem some or all of the notes at any time and from time to time at a redemption price of 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date, plus an applicable "makewhole" premium. For
