$250.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 8.875% Senior Notes due 2022 issued in minimum denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. For a detailed description of the Notes, see "Description of Notes." Blenheim Holdings Ltd., which is GasLog's largest shareholder and is controlled by our chairman, Peter G. Livanos, has agreed to purchase $9,750,000 of Notes in this offering. A total of $16,250,000 of Notes (including the Notes to be purchased by Blenheim Holdings Ltd.) is being sold to GasLog-related investors in this offering. The Notes will mature on March 22, 2022.
S-8
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656_424b5.htm
Page 17 of 119
Covenants "Reopening" of Notes Use of Proceeds Ratings Listing Form
Additional Amounts; Tax Redemption
additional information, please read " Description of Notes--Optional Redemption." The indenture governing the Notes contains certain restrictive covenants, including covenants that require us to maintain a certain amount of asset coverage and provide certain reports. For additional information, please read "Description of Notes." We may "reopen" the Notes at any time without the consent of the holders of the Notes and issue additional notes with the same terms as the Notes (except the issue price, issue date and initial interest payment date), which will thereafter constitute a single fungible series with the Notes. We intend to use the net proceeds of the sale of the Notes, which, after deducting underwriting discounts and the estimated expenses payable by us, are expected to total approximately $245,280,750, for the repayment of debt and general corporate purposes, including working capital. The Notes will not be rated by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange.
The Notes will be represented by one or more permanent global notes, which will be deposited with the trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as a nominee designated by DTC. Holders of Notes may hold interests in a global Note only in the manner described in this prospectus. Any such interest may not be exchanged for certificated securities except in limited circumstances described in this prospectus. For additional information, please read "Description of Notes--Book-Entry System; Delivery and Form" in this prospectus. Any payments made by us with respect to the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes unless required by law. If we are required by law to withhold or deduct amounts for or on account of tax imposed by a relevant taxing authority with respect to a payment to the holders of Notes, we will, subject to certain exceptions, pay the additional amounts necessary so that the net amount received by the holders of the Notes after the withholding or deduction is not less than the amount that they would have received in the absence of the withholding or deduction. Please read "Description of Notes--Additional Amounts." In the event of certain developments affecting taxation, we may redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. Please read
