(4) Consists of our 25.0% ownership interest in Egypt LNG and our 33.33% ownership interest in the Cool Pool. On October 1, 2015, GasLog, Dynagas and Golar signed a LNG carrier pooling agreement to establish the Cool Pool to market their vessels, which are currently operating in the LNG shipping spot market. The Cool Pool allows the participating owners to optimize the operation of the pool vessels through improved scheduling ability, cost efficiencies and common marketing. The objective of the Cool Pool is to serve the transportation requirements of a rapidly growing LNG shipping market by providing customers with reliable, yet flexible, and innovative solutions to meet their increasingly complex shipping requirements. The Cool Pool was incorporated in September 2015.
(6) Presentation of fleet data does not include newbuildings on order during the relevant periods. The data presented regarding our owned fleet includes only our owned ships delivered prior to December 31, 2016 including the ships owned by GasLog Partners. The data presented regarding our managed fleet includes our wholly owned vessels as well as ships owned by GasLog Partners, Shell, Egypt LNG and Lepta Shipping that are operating under our management.
(7) The operating days for our owned and bareboat fleet are the total number of days in a given period that the vessels (including the Methane Julia Louise, our vessel on a bareboat charter) were in our possession less the total number of days off-hire not recoverable from the insurers. In 2016, operating days include 1,185 days for our vessels operating in the Cool Pool. We define days off-hire as days lost to, among other things, operational deficiencies, dry-docking for repairs, maintenance or inspection, equipment breakdowns, special surveys and vessel upgrades, delays due to accidents, crew strikes, certain vessel detentions or similar problems, our failure to maintain the vessel in compliance with its specifications and contractual standards or to provide the required crew, or periods of commercial waiting time during which we do not earn charter hire.
(8) Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
EBITDA is defined as earnings before depreciation, amortization, interest income and expense, gain/loss on swaps and taxes. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA before foreign exchange gains/losses. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures that are used as supplemental financial measures by management and external users of financial statements, such as investors, to assess our financial and operating performance. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures assist our management and investors by increasing the comparability of our performance from period to period. We believe that including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA assists our management and investors in (i) understanding and analyzing the results of our operating and business performance, (ii) selecting between investing in us and other investment alternatives and (iii) monitoring our ongoing financial and operational strength in assessing whether to continue to hold our common shares. This is achieved by excluding the potentially disparate effects between periods of interest, gain/loss on swaps, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and, in the case of Adjusted EBITDA, foreign exchange gains/losses, which items are affected by various and possibly changing financing methods, capital structure and historical cost basis and which items may significantly affect results of operations between periods.
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered as alternatives to, or as substitutes for, or superior to profit, profit from operations or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with IFRS. Some of these limitations include the fact that they do not reflect (i) our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments, (ii) changes in, or cash requirements for our working capital needs and (iii) the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt. Although depreciation and amortization are non cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not adjusted for all non-cash
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm S-13
Page 23 of 119
