The Notes are unsubordinated unsecured general obligations of ours and are not, either directly or indirectly, an obligation of any third party. The Notes will rank equally with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations. Any payment to be made on the Notes, including the return of the principal amount at maturity or any redemption date, as applicable, depends on our ability to satisfy our obligations as they come due. As a result, our actual and perceived creditworthiness may affect the market value of the Notes and, in the event we were to default on our obligations, you may not receive the amounts owed to you under the terms of the Notes.
As of December 31, 2016, we had total outstanding consolidated debt of $2.87 billion. We also have substantial undrawn available capacity under the credit agreement we entered into on July 19, 2016 (the "Legacy Facility Refinancing") and the credit agreement we entered into on October 16, 2015 (the "Newbuilding Facility"). The Newbuilding Facility has an aggregate undrawn amount of $664.03 million available that will be used to finance a portion of the contract price of four of our five newbuildings on their delivery. We are obligated to make substantial capital expenditures to fund our commitments for the five newbuildings we have on order. As of December 31, 2016, the total remaining balance of the contract prices for the five vessels was $0.95 billion, which we intend to fund with the Newbuilding Facility, available cash and cash from operations. We expect that a large portion of our cash flow from operations will also be used to repay the principal and interest on our debt, a substantial portion of which matures prior to the Notes. In addition, we may enter into other new debt arrangements or issue additional debt securities in the future. So long as our total indebtedness does not equal or exceed 75% of our total capitalization, the indenture under which the Notes will be issued will permit us to incur additional indebtedness, subject to certain limitations in our other debt agreements, as described in more detail under "Description of Other Indebtedness."
Our current indebtedness and future indebtedness that we may incur could affect our future operations, as a large portion of our cash flow from operations will be dedicated to the payment of interest and principal on such debt and will not be available for other purposes. Covenants contained in our debt agreements may affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in our business or economic conditions, limit our ability to dispose of assets or place restrictions on the use of proceeds from such dispositions, withstand current or future economic or industry downturns and compete with others in our industry for strategic opportunities, and limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate and other purposes and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and principal and interest on the Notes to noteholders.
Our ability to service our debt will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If our operating
S-15
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Page 26 of 119
results are not sufficient to service our current or future indebtedness, we will be forced to take actions such as reducing or eliminating distributions to our shareholders, reducing or delaying our business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt, or seeking additional equity capital or bankruptcy protection. We may not be able to effect any of these remedies on satisfactory terms, or at all.
