Page 7 of 119
· "cbm " refer to cubic meters;
Our Company
We are an international owner, operator and manager of LNG carriers providing support to international energy companies as part of their LNG logistics chain. Our owned fleet consists of 27 owned LNG carriers, including 22 ships on the water and five LNG carriers on order at two of the world's leading LNG shipbuilders, Samsung and Hyundai. This includes nine LNG carriers in operation that are owned by our NYSE-listed subsidiary GasLog Partners, with which we have entered into certain agreements governing our relationship, including purchase options for certain of our ships. We currently manage and operate 24 LNG carriers including 12 of our wholly owned ships in operation (one is managed by a subsidiary of Shell), the nine ships contributed or sold to the Partnership, one ship owned by Shell, one additional LNG carrier in which we have a 25.0% interest and a vessel secured under a long-term bareboat charter from Lepta Shipping, a subsidiary of Mitsui. We are also supervising the construction of our newbuildings. We have secured multi-year time and seasonal time charter contracts for eight of our owned ships, the nine ships owned by the Partnership, the one vessel secured under a long-term bareboat charter from Lepta Shipping and our five newbuildings on order. As of December 31, 2016, these contracts are expected to provide total contracted revenue of approximately $3.57 billion during their initial terms, which expire between 2018 and 2029.
We also have a 25% interest in an additional ship, the Methane Nile Eagle, a 2007-built LNG carrier technically managed by us that is currently operating under a 20-year time charter to MSL.
Our current time charters have initial terms of up to ten years and include options that permit the charterers to extend the terms for successive periods under hire rate provisions. We will continue to evaluate the attractiveness of longer and shorter-term chartering opportunities as the commercial characteristics of the LNG carrier industry evolve. We have structured our order book of new LNG carriers to have staggered delivery dates, facilitating a smooth integration of the ships into our fleet as well as significant annual growth through 2019. This has the additional advantage of spreading our exposure to the re-employment of these ships over several years upon expiration of their current charters.
Each of our 27 owned LNG carriers is designed with a capacity of between approximately 145,000 cbm and 180,000 cbm. We believe this size range maximizes their operational flexibility, as these ships are compatible with most existing LNG terminals around the world. All but three of the LNG carriers in our owned fleet are of the same specifications (in groups of ten, eight and six ships), which allows us to benefit from economies of scale and operating efficiencies in ship construction, crew training, crew rotation and shared spare parts. Upon delivery of the last of our five contracted newbuildings, our owned fleet will have an average age of 6.3 years, making it one of the youngest in the industry. By comparison, as of December 31, 2016, the average age for the global fleet of LNG carriers, including LNG carriers of all sizes, was 11.9 years.
Our wholly owned subsidiary, GasLog LNG Services, handles the technical management of our fleet (one of our vessels is managed by a subsidiary of Shell), including plan approval for new ship orders, supervision of ship construction and planning and supervision of dry-dockings, as well as technical operations, crewing, training, maintenance, regulatory and classification compliance and health, safety, security and environmental, or "HSSE", management and reporting. As the sole technical manager of BG Group's owned fleet of LNG carriers for over 15 years, we have established a track record for the efficient, safe and reliable operation of LNG carriers, which is evidenced by our safety performance and the limited off-hire days of the 24 ships currently operating under our management.
In 2015 we began to develop a floating LNG storage and regasification unit ("FSRU") strategy and signed two front-end engineering design ("FEED") studies with Keppel Offshore and Marine Ltd. for the potential conversion of both a Steam and TFDE vessel from our existing fleet. On
