3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Our ability to comply with covenants and restrictions contained in our financing arrangements may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. A failure to comply with covenants and restrictions or to meet our payment and other obligations could lead to defaults under our debt obligations which could cause our payment obligations to be accelerated. We may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. Because obligations under our financing arrangements are secured by our ships and are guaranteed by our ship-owning subsidiaries, if we are unable to repay debt under our financing arrangements, the lenders could seek to foreclose on those assets, which would materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, a default under one of our debt obligations could result in the cross-acceleration of our other indebtedness.
Please see "Description of Other Indebtedness" for more information on our existing financing arrangements.
The Notes will be unsecured obligations and will be effectively subordinated to our secured debt.
The Notes are unsecured and therefore will be effectively subordinated to any existing or future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing the debt. In the event of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding involving us, the assets that serve as collateral will be available to satisfy the obligations under any secured debt before any payments are made on the Notes. As of December 31, 2016, we had total outstanding secured debt of $2.74 billion. We will continue to have the ability to incur additional secured debt, subject to limitations in our financing arrangements and the indenture relating to the Notes. Please read "Description of Other Indebtedness."
We may not have the ability to raise thefunds necessary to purchase the Notes as required upon a change o f control, and our existing andfuture debt may contain limitations on our ability to purchase the Notes.
Following a change of control as described under "Description of Notes--Change of Control Permits Holders to Require Issuer to Purchase Notes," holders of Notes will have the right to require us to purchase their Notes for cash at 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. A change of control may also constitute an event of default or prepayment under, and result in the acceleration of the maturity of, our then existing indebtedness. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient financial resources, or will be able to arrange financing, to pay the change of control purchase price in cash with respect to any Notes surrendered by holders for purchase upon a change of control. In addition, restrictions in our then existing credit facilities or other indebtedness, if any, may not allow us to purchase the Notes upon a change of control. Our failure to purchase the Notes upon a change of control when required would result in an event of default with respect to the Notes which could, in turn, constitute a default under the terms of our other indebtedness, if any. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and purchase the Notes.
Some significant restructuring transactions may not constitute a change o f control, in which case we would not be obligated to offer to purchase the Notes.
Upon the occurrence of a change of control, you have the right to require us to purchase your Notes. However, the change of control provisions will not afford protection to holders of Notes in the event of certain transactions that could adversely affect the Notes. For example, transactions such as leveraged recapitalizations, refinancings or certain restructurings would not constitute a change of control requiring us to repurchase the Notes. In the event of any such transaction, holders of the Notes would not have the right to require us to purchase their Notes, even though each of these transactions could increase the amount of our indebtedness, or otherwise adversely affect our capital structure or any credit ratings, thereby adversely affecting holders of the Notes.
