Some significant restructuring transactions may not constitute a change o f control, in which case we would not be obligated to offer to purchase the Notes.
S-17
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1534126/000093041317001099/c87656_424b5.... 3/21/2017
3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c87656 424b5.htm
Page 29 of 119
The Notes do not have an established trading market, which may negatively affect their market value and your ability to transfer or sell your Notes.
The Notes are a new issue of securities for which there is no established public market. We do not intend to list the Notes on any securities exchange. The lack of an active trading market could adversely affect your ability to sell the Notes and the price at which you may be able to sell the Notes. The liquidity of the trading market, if any, and future trading prices of the Notes will depend on many factors, including, among other things, prevailing interest rates, our operating results, financial performance and prospects, the market for similar securities and the overall securities market, and may be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in these factors. It is possible that the market for the Notes will be subject to disruptions that may have a negative effect on the holders of the Notes, regardless of our operating results, financial performance or prospects.
The Notes have not been rated, and ratings o f any o f our other securities may affect the trading price of the Notes.
We have not sought to obtain a rating for the Notes, and the Notes may never be rated. It is possible, however, that one or more credit rating agencies might independently determine to assign a rating to the Notes or that we may elect to obtain a rating of the Notes in the future. In addition, we may elect to issue other securities for which we may seek to obtain a rating. If any ratings are assigned to the Notes in the future or if we issue other securities with a rating, such ratings, if they are lower than market expectations or are subsequently lowered or withdrawn, or if ratings for such other securities would imply a lower relative value for the Notes, could adversely affect the market for, or the market value of, the Notes. Ratings only reflect the views of the issuing rating agency or agencies and such ratings could at any time be revised downward or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any particular security, including the Notes. Ratings do not reflect market prices or suitability of a security for a particular investor and any future rating of the Notes may not reflect all risks related to us and our business, or the structure or market value of the Notes.
