"Euroclear Sweden" refers to Euroclear Sweden AB. "NASDAQ OMX" refers to NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB. "SEK" refers to Swedish kronor, "EUR" refers to Euro, "USD" refers to U.S. dollars and "GBP" refers to Great British pound.
Notice to investors On 1 November 2012 (the "First Issue Date") the Issuer issued a note loan in an amount of SEK 325,000,000, represented by Notes (as defined below), each with a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount") (the "Initial Notes"). The Issuer may also at one or several occasions issue subsequent notes (the "Subsequent Notes" and together with the Initial Notes, the "Notes"). The maximum nominal amount of the Notes may not exceed SEK 400,000,000 unless a consent from the Noteholders is obtained pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. This Prospectus has been prepared for the listing of the Notes on NASDAQ OMX. This Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell Notes.
The Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the "SFSA") pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 2, Sections 25 and 26 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (lagen (1991:980) om handel medfinansiella instrument) (the "Trading Act"). Approval and registration by the SFSA do not imply that the SFSA guarantees that the information provided in the Prospectus is correct and complete.
This Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Prospectus.
This Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. Subject to certain exemptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Prospectus. Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer's or the Group's business since the date of this Prospectus. If the information in this Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in the Trading Act.
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(a) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (b) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; (c) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; (d) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (e) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Forward-looking statements and market data The Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer's current views or expectations with respect to future events and financial and operational performance. The words "intend", "estimate", "expect", "may", "plan", "anticipate" or similar expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements.
