103.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) any time from and including the Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding the Final Maturity Date.
100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if such redemption is financed by way of another issue of Debt Instruments.
In addition, the Issuer shall pay accrued Interest from the latest Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the First Issue Date) up to and including the relevant date for early redemption.
Partial redemption as a result o f a disposal o f assets If the Issuer disposes of assets and should pursuant to the Terms and Conditions use the Excess Proceeds to make a partial redemption of the Notes, such redemption shall occur on an Interest Payment Date for the Notes occurring no later than three (3) months after the expiry of the period available for reinvestment. The redemption price per Note shall be (i) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount multiplied with the Redeemed Percentage (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the Redeemed Percentage of the Nominal Amount.
Early redemption due to illegality (call) The Issuer may, by giving the Noteholders and the Agent not less than twenty (20) but not more than forty (40) Business Days' notice, redeem all (but not only some) outstanding Notes at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount plus accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is, or becomes, unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
Repurchase in the event o f a Change o f Control Event (put) Each Noteholder may, for a period of twenty (20) Business Days following the issue by the Issuer of a press release and publication on the Group's website regarding the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, request that all, or some of, the Notes which it holds be repurchased by the Issuer at a price per Note equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest). If such a request is made by a Noteholder, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes within forty (40) Business Days from the end of such period.
A "Change of Control Event" means, in relation to shares of the Issuer, an event or series of events resulting in:
