Repurchase in the event o f a Change o f Control Event (put) Each Noteholder may, for a period of twenty (20) Business Days following the issue by the Issuer of a press release and publication on the Group's website regarding the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, request that all, or some of, the Notes which it holds be repurchased by the Issuer at a price per Note equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest). If such a request is made by a Noteholder, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes within forty (40) Business Days from the end of such period.
a) one person (or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related, (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert), other than a Rosenblad Party, acquiring fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares in the Issuer or otherwise establishing control over fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer; or
b) all or part of the shares in the Issuer cease to be listed on a Regulated Market.
11
"Rosenblad Party" means (a) Platanen Holdings BV and any of its Subsidiaries; (b) any of Carl Rosenblad or his children, siblings or children of siblings or any spouse of the foregoing persons; (c) any trust, foundation or similar legal entity where one or more of the persons mentioned in paragraph (b) is one of a limited number of beneficiaries; and (d) any other company (publicly listed or not), partnership or other legal entity under direct or indirect control by one or more of the persons or entities under (a) and (b) above, where control, directly or indirectly, shall be deemed to be at hand if one or more of the persons under (a) and (b) alone or jointly could exercise more than twenty-five (25) per cent. of the voting rights of the highest decision making body or have the benefit of more than twenty-five (25) per cent. of the economic rights from such a company, partnership or entity.
Repurchase due to a Failure to List Event (put) Each Noteholder may, for a period of twenty (20) Business Days following the issue by the Issuer of a press release and publication on the Group's website regarding the occurrence of a Failure to List Event, request that all, or some of, the Notes which it holds be repurchased by the Issuer at a price per Note equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest). If such a request is made by a Noteholder, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes within forty (40) Business Days from the end of such period.
A "Failure to List Event" means that the Issuer on the date falling sixty (60) days from the First Issue Date has failed to ensure that the Notes are listed on NASDAQ OMX or, if such listing is not possible to obtain, on another Regulated Market in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Interest-related information and payments Interest on the Notes will accrue at the rate of 3 months STIBOR + 550 bps per annum. The first Interest Period begins on (but excluding) the First Issue Date and ends on (and including) the first Interest Payment Date and each subsequent Interest Period runs from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date and ends on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.
Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates 1 February, 1 May, 1 August and 1 November each year. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 1 February 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Redemption Date.
