(i) Security over real property existing on the First Issue Date in a maximum amount of SEK 8,000,000;
(k) any Security or preferential arrangement not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (j) above, securing indebtedness in an amount which does not in aggregate exceed SEK 20,000,000.
Listing The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes are listed within thirty (30) days from the First Issue Date on NASDAQ OMX or, if such listing is not possible to obtain, on another Regulated Market. The Issuer shall, following a listing, take all actions on its part to maintain the listing of the Notes as long as any Notes are outstanding, however not longer than up to and including the last day on which trading in the Notes on the exchange reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations by the exchange and the CSD, take place before the Redemption Date. The estimated costs in relation to the admission to trading is expected to approximately SEK 200,000 in aggregate. See the section "Risk Factors - Risks relating to the Notes - There has been no active trading market for the Notes".
Noteholders' Meetings Each of the Issuer, the Agent and a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, may at any time, in order to conduct business in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, call for a Noteholders' Meeting. The Noteholders' Meeting may decide upon any issue or matter in relation to the Finance Documents. The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Noteholder, no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a meeting request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including any request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval or agreement by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no later than ten (10) Business Days from the Agent's notice. Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the procedure described above. A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer, require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent. The Issuer shall then convene a Noteholders' Meeting no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request.
15
To the extent that a Noteholders' Meeting is required to be quorate, a quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting exists if Noteholders representing at least (i) fifty (50) per cent. or (ii) twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting in person, by telephone or through duly authorised representatives, depending on the matter which is to be resolved at such Noteholders' Meeting. Different majority rules apply depending on the matter which is to be resolved at such Noteholders' Meeting.
Decisions by way o f direct communication with Noteholders If the Issuer or the Agent determines that a request by it for consent, approval, instructions or agreement by the Noteholders shall be decided by way of direct communication, the Agent shall communicate directly with each person who is registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to the date on which the communication is sent. Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send such communication to each Noteholder. Such communication from the Agent or the Issuer shall include (i) the request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval, instructions or agreement by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for the request, (iii) a form for replying to the request (with an option to vote yes or no for each request) and (iv) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to be at least twenty (20) Business Days after the date on which the communication was dispatched). No quorum requirement shall apply in respect of decisions taken by way of direct communication.
No petition A Noteholder may not take any actions whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or procure the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Issuer or the making of an administration order in relation to the Issuer or the filing of documents with a court or enforcement agency in relation to the Issuer or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Issuer, in each case in respect of any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under Clause 8.1.3 of the Terms and Conditions.
Prescription The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
