No petition A Noteholder may not take any actions whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or procure the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Issuer or the making of an administration order in relation to the Issuer or the filing of documents with a court or enforcement agency in relation to the Issuer or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Issuer, in each case in respect of any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under Clause 8.1.3 of the Terms and Conditions.
Governing law and jurisdiction The Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. Any dispute or claim arising in relation to the Terms and Conditions shall be determined by Swedish courts, with the City Court of Stockholm (Stockholms tingsrätt) as the court of first instance. However, the Noteholders and the Agent shall not be prevented from taking proceedings in any other courts with jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.
THE CSD Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, is initially acting as Central Securities Depositary (the "CSD") and registrar in respect of the Notes.
The Issuer and, for the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting or any direct communication to the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent, shall each be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall request and provide such information to the Agent or provide the Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information from the CSD. The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to individuals employed by the Agent and the Issuing Agent, as directed by the Agent or the Issuing Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register.
THE ISSUING AGENT Nordea Bank AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 516406-0120, with address attn: Capital Markets and Treasury Operations, C23, 105 71 Stockholm, Sweden, is initially acting as Issuing Agent in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
16
THE AGENT AND THE AGENCY AGREEMENT Swedish Trustee AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, c/o Stiftelsen Ackordscentralen, Strandvägen 35, 114 56 Stockholm, Sweden, email: mail@swedishtrustee.se (or such other details as the Agent may publish on its website from time to time), is acting as Agent. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement that was entered into on the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, the Agent has undertaken to represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement. The Issuer has undertaken to, among other things, pay certain fees to the Agent and to indemnify the Agent against costs, losses or liabilities incurred by the Agent in acting as Agent under any Finance Documents. The Agency Agreement is governed by Swedish law. USE OF PROCEEDS The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Notes, less the Issuance Costs, (i) for refinancing of the Existing Credit Facilities and (ii) for general corporate purposes.
17
Business description
