17
BUSINESS OVERVIEW The Group has roots which date back to 1912, when the first marine product was developed. Most of its marine products were introduced in the centuries of 1950 and 1960. The Issuer was founded in 1993 and the company changed its name to Consilium AB in March 1994. The Issuer became the holding company of the companies within the Group before the listing of the Issuer's shares of class B on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.
According to the Issuer's Articles of Association, the Issuer shall directly or indirectly conduct development, manufacturing and sale of marine and industrial components and systems and any business related thereto, take care of functions which are jointly used within the Group and own and administer shares and other financial instruments.
The Group's operations are organised into two business areas, Marine & Safety and Fire safety & Automation. Approximately 85 per cent. of the net sales from 2011 derived from the business area Marine & Safety, while approximately15 per cent. derived from the business area Fire Safety & Automation. The respective business area is organised into specific divisions.
The Group is a world-leading supplier of marine products and systems for safety, navigation and environment, which are grouped in its Marine & Safety business area. Within this business area there are also divisions for sales of fire alarms to the transportation market and fire alarms for buildings.
The Group also offers fire & safety and automation systems, primarily to the oil and gas industry, through its Fire safety & Automation business area. Fire safety and Automation are separate divisions within the business area Fire safety & Automation.
Global company with local presence Consilium values local presence and being close to its customers and markets. This derives from the fact that more than 90 per cent. of sales are to markets outside of Sweden. Consilium has built up a global market organisation with offices in 22 countries, being responsible for the bulk of the Group's sales and service volume. In addition, Consilium also has local representatives in more than 50 countries.
Consilium's product companies are responsible for product development, product maintenance, technical support, purchasing, production, assembly, test, technical manuals, sales materials, among other things. The product companies represent a necessary base for Consilium's business. Consilium's market companies are responsible for local sales, service and customer support. Together, this forms a strong organisation for a global marketplace.
· Established offices
