Consilium's product companies are responsible for product development, product maintenance, technical support, purchasing, production, assembly, test, technical manuals, sales materials, among other things. The product companies represent a necessary base for Consilium's business. Consilium's market companies are responsible for local sales, service and customer support. Together, this forms a strong organisation for a global marketplace.
· Planned offices
BUSINESS AREAS
Marine & Safety Consilium's sales of products and solutions for the maritime market can be divided into sales to new construction of vessels and to the aftermarket. Consilium's customers are mainly international shipping companies and shipyards.
18
The Marine & Safety business area offers products and systems in the areas of safety, navigation and environment for international shipping, as well as fire alarms for trains, underground railways and large buildings. The product portfolio includes fire alarm systems, gas detection products and systems, safety management systems, navigation radars, speed logs, echo sounders, marine voyage data recorders, electronic sea charts, navigation bridges and systems for measuring of emission of nitrogen oxides and sulphur dioxide from vessels.
Consilium also offers tailored products for specific niche segments, such as military marine products and systems, fire alarms for the trains and underground railways, fire and gas alarms for offshore, special radars for oil spill detection, special radar for safe navigation in ice-infested waters, special radar for surveillance of ports and sensitive marine areas.
Consilium's production companies also sell some of its products and components to other system suppliers, and Consilium's marketing companies sell and provide service on certain complementary third party products.
Fire safety & Automation The Fire safety & Automation business area offers products and systems for fire safety and automation solutions for the land based oil and gas industry. The offer includes fire and gas detection, detection of leaks in oil and gas pipelines, fire protection and fire extinguishing systems for tanks, emergency shutdown systems, lightning protection systems for tank farm inventory management, terminal automation systems and control systems for different types of oil and gas plants.
