3
Risk and risk-taking are inevitable parts o f investing in the Notes. There are risks both regarding circumstances linked to the Issuer and/or the Group and those which bear no specific relation to the Issuer and/or the Group. The occurrence o f any o f the events discussed below could materially adversely affect the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results o f operations. Moreover, the trading price o f the Notes could decline and the Issuer may not be able to pay interest or principal on the Notes when due, and investors could lose all or part o f their investment. The risks described below are not the only ones the Issuer and the Group are exposed to. Additional risks that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer currently, based on regular risk assessment, considers to be immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's and/or the Group's business and the Issuer's ability tofulfil its obligations under the Notes. The order in which the risks are presented is not intended to provide an indication o f the likelihood o f their occurrence or o f their relative significance.
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP
Industry and market risks
Competition and price pressure The market in which the Group operates is competitive, it is characterised by a continuous price pressure and the Group faces competition from several types of competitors with different technical platforms and business models. Large companies may also come to compete with the Group by acquiring existing competitors in the market. Moreover, some of the existing competitors of the Group could, in the future, pose a greater competitive threat, particularly if they consolidate or form strategic or commercial relationships among themselves or with larger and well-financed companies. Some of the Group's current and potential competitors have significantly greater resources in terms of finance, sales or other elements and offer a wider range of services. There is no guarantee that the Group will be in a position to continue to offer products which are sufficiently competitive in the market, which may adversely affect the Group's sales volumes and selling prices. In turn this may adversely impact the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Changes in technology, safety requirements and customers' requirements to increase productivity and efficiency may affect the demand for the Group's products. To a certain extent, the Group's future growth depends on its ability to maintain its market position as well as to develop new and successful products in order to meet this demand and to avoid losing market share to competitors. New product development always entails a risk of unsuccessful product launches or commercialization, which could affect the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results negatively. Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that the Group must invest additional amounts in product development in the future to meet, for example, increased competition and new customer requirements, which can impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
Impact o f the economy The Group engages in worldwide operations, some of which are dependent on both the general economic trend and conditions that are unique for a certain industry, country or region. General market conditions affect the inclination and the capabilities of the Group's existing and potential customers to invest in the Group's products. A weak economic trend in the whole or part of the world, or a business area of the Group, may therefore result in lower market growth that falls below expectations. There is a risk that the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results may be adversely impacted by a weak economic trend.
Customers and suppliers The Group mainly operates in the two business areas, the largest of these two is the Marine & Safety business area. Within Marine & Safety, the Group's sales are well balanced between deliveries of products to newly constructed commercial vessels, the aftermarket and to specific niches. Even if the customer risk is balanced due to the Group's global presence, a downturn or weak development in e.g. new construction of commercial vessels can impact negatively on the Group's business. Moreover and although the Group has a high customer diversification, the Group's business may be adversely impacted if the Group's customers do not meet their obligations or drastically reduce or terminate their operations.
The Group's products consist of components from different suppliers. To be in a position to manufacture, sell and deliver products, the Group is dependent upon deliveries from third parties in accordance with agreed requirements relating to, for example, quantity, quality and delivery times. Erroneous or default
