Customers and suppliers The Group mainly operates in the two business areas, the largest of these two is the Marine & Safety business area. Within Marine & Safety, the Group's sales are well balanced between deliveries of products to newly constructed commercial vessels, the aftermarket and to specific niches. Even if the customer risk is balanced due to the Group's global presence, a downturn or weak development in e.g. new construction of commercial vessels can impact negatively on the Group's business. Moreover and although the Group has a high customer diversification, the Group's business may be adversely impacted if the Group's customers do not meet their obligations or drastically reduce or terminate their operations.
4
deliveries by suppliers can cause delay or default in the Group's deliveries, which can result in reduced sales and may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
Electronic components and electronic components prices The Group depends on certain electronic components for its production. The Group is therefore affected by fluctuations in the prices of these components. When rising component prices cannot be offset through higher prices for the Group's products, the Groups operations, financial position and results may be adversely impacted. Moreover, interruptions in the supply of these electronic components or temporary increase of delivery time of certain components may impact the Group's product deliveries, which also could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Operational risks Production disruptions and increased costsfor production and distribution Damages to production facilities caused, for example, by fire, and stoppages or disruptions in any part of the production process, such as breakdowns, weather conditions, geographical conditions, labor disputes, terrorist activities and natural disasters, may have adverse implications in the form of direct damage to property as well as interruptions that undermine the ability to meet obligations to customers. In turn, this may lead customers to choose alternative suppliers. Accordingly, such disruptions or interruptions may impact negatively impact the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
Certain of the Group's products are currently manufactured in countries with lower cost and revenue levels than Sweden. The developments in these countries are in many cases rapid and there are no guarantees as to how long the relatively low cost and revenue levels are maintained. Also distribution costs from the countries in which the products are manufactured to other members of the Group or to the Group's customers may increase as a result of an increase of the general price level in the affected countries. There is a risk that these increased costs cannot fully be transferred on to the Group's customers, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Complaints and product liability The Group is exposed to complaints in the event that the Group's products fail to function the way they should. In such cases, the Group is normally obliged to correct or replace the defective products. There is always a risk that customers demand that suppliers cover costs in addition to replacing the product, such as the cost of dismounting, assembly and other ancillary costs. If a product causes damage to a person or property, the Group could be liable to pay damages. A major product liability claim, may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Group will be able to maintain an insurance cover under acceptable conditions or that future claims will not exceed or fall outside the scope of the Group's insurance coverage. Such costs could adversely impact the Group's operations, financial position and results. Claims may also be time consuming and burden the Group management's work.
Acquisitions and integration Strategic acquisitions will be part of the growth strategy for the Issuer. It cannot be guaranteed, however, that the Group will be able to find suitable acquisition targets nor can it be guaranteed that the necessary financing for future acquisition targets can be obtained on terms acceptable to the Group.
The execution of acquisitions also implies risk. In addition to company-specific risks, the acquired businesses' relations with customers, suppliers and key personnel may be adversely affected. There is also a risk that integration processes may prove more costly or more time-consuming than estimated and that anticipated synergies in whole or in part fail to materialise and may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
