ANNA HOLMGREN Born 1965. Finance Manager and Treasurer. Employed since 1987. Work experience: CFO of subsidiaries of the Issuer.
OTHER INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT Business address The address for all Board members and members of the senior management is c/o Consilium AB (publ), P.O. Box 5028, SE-131 05 Nacka, Sweden.
Conflicts of interest Except for what is described below, no Board member or member of the Issuer's senior management has any personal interests that could conflict with the interests of the Issuer. It can be noted that members of the Board and senior management from time to time may own shares in the Issuer. Carl Rosenblad, the Chairman of the Board of the Issuer and his family control Platanen Holdings B.V., which is the majority shareholder of the Issuer. See the section "Risk Factors - Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group - Operational risks - The principal shareholder". The Issuer has entered into a consultancy agreement with the company Platanen AB. The Chairman of the Board and Carl Adam Rosenblad, member of the Board of the Issuer, are both members of the board of Platanen AB. Platanen AB is a subsidiary of Platanen Holdings B.V., which is controlled by Carl Rosenblad and his family. Platanen AB provides management and administrative services to the Issuer. The Issuer has also entered into a property lease agreement with the company Fastighetsbolaget Henriksborg HB. The two partners of Fastighetsbolaget Henriksborg HB are subsidiaries of Platanen AB.
23
Legal considerations and supplementary information
AUTHORISATION AND RESPONSIBILITY The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction with the Notes and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. The issuance of the Initial Notes on 1 November 2012 was authorised by resolutions by the Board of the Issuer on 24 September 2012.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information, relating to the Issuer, contained in this Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS The Group has not entered into any material contracts outside of the ordinary course of its business which could have any material impacts on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
Shareholders' agreement As far as the Board of Directors is aware, there exist no shareholders' agreements or other agreements that could result in a change of control of the Issuer.
