"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business, other than over the Internet only, in Stockholm, Sweden.
(a) one person (or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related, (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert), other than a Rosenblad Party, acquiring fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares in the Issuer or otherwise establishing control over fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer; or
(b) all or part of the shares in the Issuer cease to be listed on a Regulated Market.
"Consolidated Equity" means, at any time, the sum of the total equity of the Group plus Subordinated Debt, as set out in the balance sheet forming part of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 10.1 (a) or (b), calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Consolidated Equity Ratio" means, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of Consolidated Equity to Consolidated Total Assets.
"Consolidated Total Assets" means, at any time, the sum of all assets of the Group as set out in the balance sheet forming part of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 10.1 (a) or (b), calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB. Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to become quoted, listed or otherwise traded on a Regulated Market or any other trading platform.
"EBITDA" means earnings of the Group, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (without double counting) for any 12 months period ending on the last day of the period covered by the financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 10.1 (a) or (b),
