Acquisitions and integration Strategic acquisitions will be part of the growth strategy for the Issuer. It cannot be guaranteed, however, that the Group will be able to find suitable acquisition targets nor can it be guaranteed that the necessary financing for future acquisition targets can be obtained on terms acceptable to the Group.
Improvement programs The Group continuously works with various improvement programs to strengthen the Group's position and competitiveness through, for example, rationalisation measures, restructurings and similar measures. There is a risk that measures taken will not generate the anticipated outcome and may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
5
Human resources The future success of the Group is largely dependent on the capacity to retain, recruit and develop skilled key employees and other staff. Accordingly, being an attractive employer is an important success factor for the Group. The resignation of key employees or the Group's failure to attract skilled personnel may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
The principal shareholder The interests of Platanen Holdings B.V. could conflict with those of the Noteholders and/or those of the Issuer and the Group, particularly if the Group encounters difficulties or is unable to pay debts as they fall due as the Group's stakeholders' interests may not be aligned in such circumstances. The occurrence of such event may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Limited influence in associated companies andjoint ventures The Issuer conducts some of its activities through associated companies in which the Issuer does not have a controlling interest and consequently, the Issuer has limited influence over the businesses conducted. In some of these entities, the Issuer's partners have sole or shared control over key matters such as the approval of business plans and budgets, and decisions as to the timing and amount of cash distributions. The risk of actions outside the Group's' control and adverse to the Group's interests, or disagreement or deadlock, is inherent in associated companies and jointly controlled entities and may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Legal risks Legislation and regulations As a result of its global operations within different areas, the Group is subject to numerous laws, ordinances, regulations, treaties and guidelines introduced by e.g. the International Maritime Organisation (IMO), the EU and individual countries, including those pertaining to certification of products (for example pursuant to the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS)), authorisations, health and safety, trade restrictions, competition, anti-corruption and currency regulations. Furthermore, insurance companies and trade associations may invoke certain terms and conditions which may develop into a local standard and affect the development of certain local markets. The Group continuously monitors the rules and regulations in each market, and strives to adjust the Group to any identified future changes in these areas. However, changes in legislation and regulations, customs rules and other trade barriers, price and currency controls as well as other public guidelines in the countries in which the Group operates, may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Intellectual property risks There is a risk that competitors infringe on the Group's intellectual property rights. If required, the Group protects its intellectual property rights through legal action. However, it cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to defend its trademarks and other intellectual property rights or that submitted applications for registration will be approved. The Group has a portfolio of trademarks worldwide, but does not enjoy the same level of protection in all countries. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that the Group will receive trademark or similar legal protection in respect of their brands in all relevant jurisdictions or that the Group's use of said trademarks does not infringe such rights of others in one or more countries. In addition, there is a risk that new technologies and products can be developed, which circumvent or surpass the Group's intellectual property rights.
The Group believes that it does not currently infringe other companies' intellectual property rights. However, there is no guarantee that companies within the Group are not and will not be considered to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Disputes regarding infringement of intellectual property rights may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
