For the avoidance of doubt, the Net Debt shall not include the marked to market value of any derivative transaction referred to in paragraph (e) of the definition of Financial Indebtedness (unless entered into for speculative purposes). To the extent a Group Company has provided cash collateral for debt owed by itself or another Group Company, the amount of such debt and the corresponding cash collateral shall be excluded from the calculation of the Net Debt.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount, less any amount redeemed pursuant to Clause 9.4 (Partial redemption as a result o f a disposal o f assets).
"Notes" means the the floating rate notes issued in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with ISIN SE0004869816, being debt instruments (skuldförbindelser) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Noteholder" means a person who is registered on a VP Account as holder of a Note. In respect of Notes registered with an authorised nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act or otherwise registered in the name of a nominee as holder, the nominee shall be deemed to be the Noteholder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions.
"Noteholders' Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Clause 14 (Noteholders 'Meeting).
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to a relevant date (or such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date, if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market).
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the Notes are to be repaid in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption o f the Notes).
"Reference Dates" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year.
