Intellectual property risks There is a risk that competitors infringe on the Group's intellectual property rights. If required, the Group protects its intellectual property rights through legal action. However, it cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to defend its trademarks and other intellectual property rights or that submitted applications for registration will be approved. The Group has a portfolio of trademarks worldwide, but does not enjoy the same level of protection in all countries. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that the Group will receive trademark or similar legal protection in respect of their brands in all relevant jurisdictions or that the Group's use of said trademarks does not infringe such rights of others in one or more countries. In addition, there is a risk that new technologies and products can be developed, which circumvent or surpass the Group's intellectual property rights.
Disputes The Group is from time to time involved in judicial and administrative proceedings relating to the Group's business, including product liability and alleged errors in deliveries of goods. Such judicial and administrative proceedings may prove time-consuming, disrupt normal operations, involve large amounts and result in significant costs and may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
6
Sustainability risks Sustainability risks refer to the risks of an adverse impact on the environment, health and safety, human rights and business ethics due to the commercial operations conducted by the Group. Changes in legislation and public regulations involving increased requirements and changed conditions with respect to the environment, health and safety, or a development towards a stricter application by the authorities of legislation and regulations, may require further investments and lead to increased costs and other commitments for the operations concerned within the Group and may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Tax risks The Group conducts its operations through companies in a number of countries. It cannot be ruled out that the Group's interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties and tax regulations or its interpretation of how these or established administrative practices are interpreted by the relevant authorities is not entirely correct or that such rules will not be subject to changes, possibly with retroactive effect. The Group's tax situation may change, through decisions by the relevant authorities, which may adversely impact the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Financial risks Interest rate risk Interest rate risk refers to the risk that changes in market interest rates will have an adverse impact on the Group's net interest items. The speed with which a change in interest rates affects net interest items depends on the fixed or floating interest terms of assets and liabilities. Interest rate risk arises in two ways, namely where the Group has invested in interest-bearing assets, the value of which changes when the interest rate changes, and where the cost of the Group's borrowings fluctuates when the general interest rate situation changes. The Group's interest rate risk arises mainly from its borrowings. It cannot be guaranteed that the Group's measures to reduce its exposure to interest rate changes and other interest risks are efficient or sufficient enough for the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results not to be adversely impacted.
Liquidity and refinancing risk Liquidity and refinancing risk refers to the risk that financing opportunities will be limited when loans must be refinanced, and that payment commitments cannot be met as a result of insufficient liquidity. In order to make necessary investments or in other ways reach strategic goals, further financial resources may be required for the Group's future operations. The Group's ability to meet future capital requirements are highly dependent on the sale of the Group's products and services being successful. It cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to raise the necessary capital or that capital can be raised on terms acceptable to the Group. The availability of capital is dependent on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the general credit availability, the overall credit availability within the financial markets, and the Group's credit rating, if any, and credit capacity. Furthermore, it should be noted that certain of the Group's borrowings, which in certain cases are guaranteed by the Issuer, matures prior to the Notes. Disruptions and uncertainty in the capital and credit markets may also limit access to the capital required to operate the business and may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Currency risk Currency risk is the risk that currency exchange rate fluctuations will have an adverse effect on cash flow, income statement or balance sheet. Exchange rate fluctuations affect the Group's results partly when sales and purchases in foreign subsidiaries are conducted in different currencies (transaction exposure), and partly when income statements and balance sheets are translated into Swedish krona (translation exposure). Furthermore, the comparability of the Group's result between periods is affected by changes in currency exchange rates.
The Group's operations are mainly located outside of Sweden. The foreign currencies that have the largest impact on the Group's earnings and net assets are Euros, U.S. dollars and Great British pound. If the Group's measures to hedge and otherwise control the effects of exchange rate movements should prove insufficient, the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results may be adversely impacted.
