Currency risk Currency risk is the risk that currency exchange rate fluctuations will have an adverse effect on cash flow, income statement or balance sheet. Exchange rate fluctuations affect the Group's results partly when sales and purchases in foreign subsidiaries are conducted in different currencies (transaction exposure), and partly when income statements and balance sheets are translated into Swedish krona (translation exposure). Furthermore, the comparability of the Group's result between periods is affected by changes in currency exchange rates.
7
Credit risk Credit risk, meaning, the risk that customers may be unable to fulfil their payment obligations, account for the majority of the Group's counterparty risk. Credit risk also includes the risk that customers will not pay receivables that the Group has invoiced or intends to invoice. Financial credit risk is the exposure to default of counterparties with which the Group has invested cash, short-term bank investments or contracted financial instruments. If the Group's measures to minimise interest and credit risks are not sufficient, the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results may be adversely impacted.
Capitalised development costs A substantial share of the Group's intangible assets consists of capitalised development expenditures. Capitalised development expenditures are amortised using the straight-line method over a period of 3-5 years (the period in which future economic benefits are expected to flow to the Group) from the date on which commercial production begins. In the event that a development project does not materialise and this leads to an extra amortisation, this may impact adversely on the Issuer's and/or the Group's financial position and results.
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES The Notes will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities o f the Issuer's subsidiaries The Issuer is a holding company and as such is dependent upon other entities within the Group to enable it to make payments under the Notes (for which the Issuer will be reliant on the ability of other entities within the Group to advance loans, make dividend distributions or payment of royalties to the Issuer). The Group's operating companies are legally separate and distinct from the Issuer and have no obligation to pay amounts due with respect to the Issuer's obligations and commitments or to make funds available for such payments. The ability of the Group's operating companies to make such payments to the Issuer is subject to, among other things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions, in case ofjoint ventures and associated companies, the agreements with the other shareholders, the terms of each operation's indebtedness and local law. Furthermore, certain of the Group's local operations have entered into financing arrangements, which may be guaranteed by the Issuer and/or contain restrictions on payment of dividends to the Issuer. No present or future subsidiary of the Issuer will guarantee the Notes.
If any subsidiary of the Issuer is subject to any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, recapitalisation, administrative or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, the Noteholders will not have the right to proceed against the assets of any such subsidiary. The creditors of such a subsidiary of the Issuer, including trade creditors, will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other disposal of the assets of such a subsidiary before the Issuer, as a direct or indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive any distributions from such a subsidiary.
There has been no active trading market for the Notes Although application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the corporate bonds list of NASDAQ OMX, there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted or that the Notes will be so admitted. Prior to any admission to trading, there has been no public market for the Notes. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or, if developed, will be sustained. The Initial Nominal Amount may not be indicative of the market price for the Notes. Furthermore, following a listing of the Notes, the liquidity and trading price of the Notes may be subject to fluctuations in response to many factors, including those referred to in this section, as well as to market fluctuations and general economic conditions that may adversely affect the liquidity and price of the Notes, regardless of the actual performance of the Issuer and the Group. In addition, transaction costs in any secondary market may be high. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Accordingly, the purchase of Notes is suitable only for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the Notes and the financial and other risks associated with an investment in the Notes. Investors must be prepared to hold the Notes until maturity.
Certain material interests The Joint Bookrunners have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other services for the Issuer and the Group in the ordinary course of business. In particular, it should be noted that proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer to repay debt to the Joint Bookrunners. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the
8
