Certain material interests The Joint Bookrunners have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other services for the Issuer and the Group in the ordinary course of business. In particular, it should be noted that proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer to repay debt to the Joint Bookrunners. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the
Joint Bookrunners having previously engaged, or will in the future engage, in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with conflicting interests.
Interest rate risk The Notes are floating rate notes and based on STIBOR. Changes in the general level of interest rates, in particular STIBOR, may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Investments in the Notes involve a risk that the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates. Changes in the expected interest rate level for different categories of risk in investments may also affect the value of the Notes.
Credit risk A potential investor should assess the credit risks associated with the Issuer, the Group and the Notes. As there is a credit risk associated with the Issuer and the Group, events that undermine the creditworthiness of the Issuer or the Group should be considered. If the Issuer's or the Group's financial position should decline, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. A decrease in the Issuer's or the Group's creditworthiness could also lead to a decrease in the market value of the Notes.
Noteholder representation In accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Agent represents all Noteholders in all matters relating to the Notes. However, this does not rule out the possibility that the Noteholders, in certain situations, could bring their own action against the Issuer. To enable the Agent to represent the Noteholders in court, the Noteholders may have to submit a written power of attorney for legal proceedings. The failure of all Noteholders to submit such a power of attorney could negatively impact the Noteholders. Under the Terms and Conditions, the Agent has the right in some cases to make decisions and take measures that bind all Noteholders. In addition, certain majorities of Noteholders are permitted to bind all Noteholders in relation to certain decisions, including those who vote in a manner contrary to the majority. Consequently, the actions of the majority and the Agent in such matters could impact a Noteholder's rights under the Terms and Conditions in a manner that would be undesirable for some of the Noteholders.
Clearing and settlement The Notes are affiliated to Euroclear Sweden's account-based system. Clearing and settlement as well as payment of Interest and the repayment of principal is carried out within the said system. The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the central securities depository for distribution to the applicable account holders. Noteholders are therefore dependent on the functionality of Euroclear Sweden's system in order to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, the Notes.
Change of law The Notes are subject to Swedish and applicable European laws and administrative practice in effect as at the date of the Terms and Conditions. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Swedish or European law or administrative practice after the date of the Terms and Conditions, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such change could adversely impact the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
9
Description of the Notes and use of proceeds
