9
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES Thefollowing is a summary description o f the terms and conditions o f the Notes and is qualified in its entirety by the full Terms and Conditions included in the section "Terms and conditions o f the Notes".
The Initial Notes and Subsequent Notes The Initial Notes was issued in an aggregate Nominal Amount of SEK 325,000,000. In addition to the Initial Notes, Subsequent Notes may be issued at one or several occasions prior to the Final Maturity Date. The Total Nominal Amount of the Notes may not exceed SEK 400,000,000, unless consent from the Noteholders is obtained in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Subsequent Notes will be issued subject to the Terms and Conditions, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Interest Rate and the Nominal Amount, and consequently form part of the Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may, however, be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Initial Notes. The Notes are denominated in SEK with a nominal value of SEK 1,000,000 each.
ISIN and common code The Notes have been allocated the ISIN code SE0004869816. The Notes will also be allocated a common code upon admission to trading. Such common code has not been allocated at the date of this Prospectus.
Form of the Notes The Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a VP account on behalf of the relevant Noteholders. Hence, no physical notes have been issued. The Notes are registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument) and registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.
Status of the Notes The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured, freely transferable and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu and without any preference among them, and at least pari passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer other than those mandatorily preferred by law.
Issue date and redemption The Initial Notes was issued on the First Issue Date being 1 November 2012. Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in whole or in part in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall redeem all outstanding Notes in full at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount (together with any accrued but unpaid Interest) on 1 November 2017 (the "Final Maturity Date").
Subject to applicable law, the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. Notes held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
Voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call) All Notes, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer following the First Issue Date. The Issuer can exercise its option by giving the Noteholders and the Agent not less than twenty (20) but not more than forty (40) Business Days' notice in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Any such notice shall be irrevocable. Each Note shall be redeemed at an early redemption amount in accordance with the following:
