the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 700,000,000.
(h) Subject to Clause 5 (Transfer restrictions), the Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(i) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Bonds, less the Transaction Costs incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Bonds, to refinance the Refinancing Debt in the Issuer and to down-stream part of the proceeds to Bergteamet AB for refinancing of the remaining Refinancing Debt in full. The remainder shall be applied for general corporate purposes.
4. Conditions Precedent for Disbursement
(a) The Issuer shall provide to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):
(i) duly executed release notice(s) from the lender(s) under the Refinancing Debt confirming that all Refinancing Debt Security will be released upon repayment of the Refinancing Debt;
13
