Amount applicable to the relevant period for the repayment of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
10.5 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to one hundred one (101) per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.5(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.5 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
11. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfillment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent on the terms set out in the Security Documents.
(b) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents.
