(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbankeri) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 1,000,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 600,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0008434880. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
The Issuer may, at one or more occasions after the Issue Date, issue Subsequent Bonds under the Terms and Conditions amounting to in total up to the difference of SEK 1,000,000,000 and the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bond issues, provided that the Incurrence Test (calculated pro forma including such issue) is met. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount and the Final Redemption Date shall apply also to Subsequent Bonds, which also otherwise shall have the same rights as the Initial Bonds. The price of Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or
8
at a higher price than the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 1,000,000,000.
