"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or before the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued under and governed by these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer; provided however that no Change of Control Event shall occur as long as the Main Shareholder, directly or indirectly, holds 40.00 per cent, or more of the voting shares o f the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, duly signed by the Issuer in accordance with its registered signatory powers, certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, that the Maintenance Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the Consolidated Loan to Value Ratio and, (iii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the Consolidated Equity Ratio.
"Consolidated Equity Ratio" means the consolidated equity ratio (Sw. soliditet) of the Group, calculated with the same principles as in the latest annual Financial Report.
"Consolidated Loan to Value Ratio" means the ratio of (i) the aggregate amount of liabilities to credit institutions and similar liabilities (Sw. skulder till kreditinstitut och liknande skulder) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Market Loans) of the Group to (ii) the aggregate market value of all investment properties (Sw. förvaltningsfastigheter) and properties under construction (Sw. fastigheter under uppförande) owned by the Group, both on a consolidated basis and as set out in the latest Financial Report.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O.Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
