342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause): "Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register. "Allocated Loan Amount" means NOK 100,000,000.00. "Assignment of the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended)" means the assignment to the Bond Trustee of the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended) including all the security appertaining to the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended) excluding an assignment of receivables (which can only be assigned to banks). "Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement. "Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties. "Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds. "Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR "Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from tune to time. "Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16. "Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer. "Building Loan Facility" means the loan facility granted by Citibank International PLC, London Branch, dated 10 December 2007, secured in real estate in France. "Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open. "Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless
3
Ml
Norsk Tiffitsmann /ISA
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Amount" shall have the meaning as set out under the definition of Mortgage.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Citibank" means Citibank International PLC, London Branch.
