(M £
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Documents, including but not limited to the Mortgage, the Guarantee, the Subordination Agreement, the Share Pledge, the Assignment of the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended), and pledge of the Retention Account as described in clause 13.6.5..
"Subsidiary" means the Guarantors, SCI Cergy Etoile and their direct parent companies and REO Holdings Lux S.a r.l.
"Subordination Agreement" means an agreement to be entered into between the relevant members of the Group and the Bond Trustee in respect of subordinating certain intra-group receivables between a member of the Group (as lender), and the mortagors' under the Mortgage (as borrower), save for the intra-group loans to SCI Cergy Etoile. The agreement to be on term and conditions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"REO Group" means all entities over which another entity or person within the Group has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
