"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Initial Loan Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"Initial Shareholder Loan" means the shareholder loans of in aggregate NOK 520,000,000 dated 28 October 2013 between the Issuer as borrower and the Parent as lender for the purpose of financing (i) repayment in full by the Target Group of the Existing Debt, (ii) part of the purchase price paid by the Issuer in the Transaction, and (iii) Transaction costs.
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan made between any Group Companies (not including any Financial Indebtedness under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group), and which pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement shall be fully subordinated to the obligations of the relevant borrower under the Finance Documents and (as the case may be) the RCF Finance Documents.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an agreement between the Parent, the Group Companies, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the Agent, the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders and the RCF Lender), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty and any New Lenders in relation to inter alia (i) pro rata redistribution between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty and any New Lenders of the proceeds from any enforcement of Security and (ii) subordination of Intercompany Loans to the obligations of the Group Companies under the Finance Documents and the RCF Finance Documents.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 17.1.
"Interest Payment Date" means 22 February, 22 May, 22 August and 22 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustments will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Group for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
