K
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality. "Pledge of Issuer Intercompany Loans" means the first priority pledge over any Issuer Intercompany Loans.
"Pledge of Intercompany Loans" means the first priority pledge over any Intercompany Loans from the Target to Curato Röntgen AS. "Pledge over Inventory" means a first priority pledge over each Target Group Company's inventory (including unfinished and finished goods, fuels and other consumables) (No: varelagerpant). "Pledge over Machinery and Plant" means a first priority pledge over each Target Group Company's machinery and plant (No: driftstilbeherspant). "Pledge over Trade Receivables" means a first priority pledge over all present and future trade receivables (No: factoringpant) of each Target Group Company. "Pledged Bank Account" means a separate bank account which is pledged, but not blocked, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and any other finance parties according to the terms and conditions o f the Intercreditor Agreement. "Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.4. "Pre-Disbursement Security" means: (a) the Share Pledges; (b) the Pledge of Intercompany Loans; (c) the Pledge of Issuer Intercompany Loans; (d) the Account Pledges; (e) the Pledge over Claims under SPA; (f) the Pledge over Inventory; (g) the Pledge over Machinery and Plant; (h) the Pledge over Trade Receivables; and (i) the Guarantees. "Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.1. "Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3. "Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
13
"RCF Creditors" means the finance parties under the RCF Finance Documents.
"RCF Lender" means Nordea Bank Norge ASA or any replacing lender.
"RCF Finance Documents" means the agreement(s) for the Revolving Credit Facility and any guarantee, letter of credit or other document entered into in relation thereto.
"Relevant Period" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 17.1.
"Release Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Attachment 2.
