Unless previously redeemed, purchased or cancelled in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds on the Redemption Date at their Nominal Amounts.
Subject to applicable law, the Company may at any time purchase Bonds on the market or in any other manner. The Bonds held by the Company may at the Company's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Company.
Payments of principal and Interest
Payment of the Nominal Amount and accrued interest will be made to the person who is a Bondholder on the relevant Record Date.
If a Bondholder has, through an Account Operator, registered that capital and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.
Except as otherwise stated in these Terms and Conditions, if a payment is due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date for such payment shall instead be the following Business Day. If the extension of the due date would mean that the payment is due in the following calendar month, then the due date for payment shall instead be the preceding Business Day.
Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts in accordance with the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Bondholders, being Bondholders on the Record Date, as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
Default Interest
