promptly be provided to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). At
resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance
with Condition 12.3 above, through Qualified Majority) by Bondholders entitled to vote
irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
17
12.5
12.6 12.7 12.8 12.9 12.10
At the meeting the Company, the Bondholders and the Agent may attend along with their representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is chaired by that person until present and represented Bondholders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting which shall include a list of Bondholders entitled to vote, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and which resolutions that have been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one (1) person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation of votes and draw up minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Bondholder or the CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Bondholders at the offices of the Company and the Agent.
If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Bondholders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
