At the meeting the Company, the Bondholders and the Agent may attend along with their representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is chaired by that person until present and represented Bondholders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting which shall include a list of Bondholders entitled to vote, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and which resolutions that have been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one (1) person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation of votes and draw up minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Bondholder or the CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Bondholders at the offices of the Company and the Agent.
If a procedure in writing is held among the Bondholders, the Bondholders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Agent at the address notified by the Agent in the notice sent to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). The Agent may disregard electronic answers which are unclear or illegible and shall disregard electronic answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Bondholder or the CSD.
A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or procedure in writing is binding on all Bondholders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Bondholder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Bondholder due to a resolution passed, or due to that no resolution was passed, at a Bondholders' meeting or procedure in writing.
If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Bondholders' meeting within twenty (20) Business Days from receipt of a request, the requesting person may convene the Bondholders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Bondholder, the Company shall upon request from such Bondholder provide the Bondholder with necessary information from the register of Bondholders kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok). The meeting shall be opened in accordance with the procedures described in Condition 12.5. If no person as referred to in Condition 12.5 is available to open the meeting, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting Bondholder.
When applying this Condition 12, holders of Bonds registered with authorised nominees (Sw. förvaltare) in accordance with Condition 19 (Nominee Registration) shall be considered Bondholders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder
18
12.11 13 13.1 13.1.1
13.1.2 13.1.3 13.1.4
presents a certificate from the authorised nominee, or other sufficient evidence, showing that as of the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the Bondholders' meeting, the person in question was the holder of Bonds and stating the size of such person's holding. In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Bondholders' meeting with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents according to this Condition 12.10 and to Condition 19 (Nominee Registration).
