13.1.2 13.1.3 13.1.4
The Company shall bear all of the Agent's costs in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
The Agent
General
Each Bondholder appoints, by its acquisition of a Bond, the Agent (or a person duly appointed by the Agent) to (with or without separate authorisation from such Bondholder) represent it in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Pledge Agreement and in relation to the Company and the Agent, is empowered to represent each Bondholder against the Company in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Bonds and the Pledge Agreement, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds). Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request of the Agent. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Bondholders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions or the Pledge Agreement. Any actions conducted by the Agent hereunder or otherwise in relation to the Bonds shall be construed as the Agent having acted on behalf of the Bondholders.
The Agent's obligations towards the Bondholders are exhaustively regulated herein and the Agent shall have those duties which are specified in these Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement. The Agent's duties under the Terms and Conditions, the Pledge Agreement and the Agency Agreement are solely mechanical and administrative in nature.
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
The Agent shall hold amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders, net of costs (including legal costs) and expenses incurred in connection with the recovery, separated for the account of the Bondholders and distribute such amounts recovered promptly to the Bondholders in accordance with the terms of these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall not be bound to account to any Bondholder for any sum received by it for its own account.
19
