13.3.4 13.4
The Agent may resign from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement provided that (i) notice thereof is given to the Company and the Bondholders, and (ii) the Company has appointed a leading Swedish or international business bank or securities institution or another reputable agency firm to accede as new Agent at the same time as the present Agent retires. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent.
If the Agent becomes subject to company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion), insolvency (Sw. insolvens) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) the Agent's assignment pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, the Pledge Agreement and the Agency Agreement shall be automatically and terminated as soon as the Company has appointed a new Agent. The Company shall notify the Agent of such termination, including information regarding the date on which the prior Agent's assignment was transferred to a new Agent.
The Bondholders may resolve to change the Agent pursuant to the procedures set forth in Condition 12 {Bondholders' Meeting and Procedure in Writing). Any new Agent shall have the qualifications that are necessary in order to conduct the duties of the Agent pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and the Pledge Agreement. The Company and the resigning Agent shall make sure that the new Agent shall without undue delay, but no later than thirty (30) days after the Bondholders' resolution to appoint the new Agent, enter into an Agency Agreement with the Company on the same terms as the existing Agency Agreement, to the extent possible, by way o f transfer the resigning Agent's rights and obligations pursuant to the then existing Agency Agreement between the Company and the resigning Agent. Upon the entering into of such agreement, the resigning Agent's duty as agent pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, the Pledge Agreement and the then existing Agency Agreement shall be terminated.
Upon a change of the Agent in accordance with this Condition 13.3 the Company, the resigning Agent and the new Agent shall immediately take all actions necessary in order to effect such change. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions (other than rights in accordance with Condition 13.4). The Agent's successor, the Company and the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
Remuneration to the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Pledge Agreement as set out in the Agency Agreement. If the Agent has reasonable cause to believe that the Company is or will become insolvent, the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Bondholders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 11.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Bondholders. If the Agent
21
notifies the Bondholders that it will not take further actions each Bondholder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 11 {Acceleration o f the Bonds), 12 {Bondholders' Meeting and Procedure in Writing) and 13 {The Agent).
