[date] Phoenix Management AS FRN senior secured bonds 2017/2022 ISIN NO 001 0793649 We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. The Financial Covenant set out in sub-paragraph (a) of Clause 13.19 (Financial Covenants and Incurrence Test) is met. [The Incurrence Test met, please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto.] We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur. Yours faithfully,
Name of authorised person Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]
49(51)
SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
[date] Phoenix Management AS FRN senior secured bonds 2017/2022 ISIN NO 001 0793649 We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully, Phoenix Management AS
Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]
50(51)
SCHEDULE 3 RELEASE NOTICE - DEBT SERVICE RESERVE ACCOUNT
