"Shareholder Loan Claim Agreement" means the loan agreement entered into by the Issuer as creditor and the Shareholder as borrower on 28 November 2013 under which the Shareholder borrows DKK 130,000,000. "Shareholder Loan Claim Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) not later than in connection with the first disbursement of the Net Proceeds in respect of a first priority pledge of all the Issuer's present and future money claims under the Shareholder Loan Claim Agreement, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent). "Shareholder Loans" means any loan raised by any Group Company from its current or previous direct and indirect shareholders (excluding other Group Companies), if such shareholder loan (a) according to its terms and pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement, is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, (b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest. "Share Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Shareholder, the Second Shareholder and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) not later than in connection with the first disbursement of the Net Proceeds in respect of a first priority pledge over all of the shares in the Issuer, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent). "Sole Bookrunner" means ABG Sundal Collier AB, reg. no. 556538-8674, P.O. Box 7269, SE-103 89 Stockholm. "STIBOR" means: (a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on NASDAQ OMX
11
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the relevant Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (a) the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue and (b) the listing of the Bonds on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 21 (Written Procedure).
1.2
Construction
