5.
5.1 As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, the Issuer, the Shareholder and the Second Shareholder shall pledge (i) all shares in the Issuer in accordance with the Share Pledge Agreement, (ii) all its present and future money claims under the Shareholder Loan Claim Agreement in accordance with the Shareholder Loan Claim Pledge Agreement, (iii) an owners mortgage in accordance with the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement and (iv) the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time in accordance with the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, in favour ofthe Holders and the Agent.
5.2 The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents relating thereto are duly executed (in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent), if applicable) and that such documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and/or procure the execution of such further documentation as the Agent may reasonably require in order for the Holders and the Agent to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.
14
5.3 The Agent will hold the security created under the Security Documents on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents.
5.4 Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses 19 (Decisions by Holders) to 21 (Written Procedure), the Agent is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Group Companies or third parties if it is, in the Agent's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the security created (or to be created) under the Security Documents or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the security created under the Security Documents, respectively. The Agent is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Security Documents.
5.5 If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 17 (Termination of the Bonds) or following the Final Redemption Date, the Agent is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the security created under the Security Documents, in such manner and under such conditions that the Agent finds acceptable (if in accordance with the Security Documents, respectively).
5.6 If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the security created under all or any of the Security Documents, the Agent is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the security created under the Security Documents. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Agent shall not enforce any of the security created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the security created under the Security Documents in accordance with the procedures set out in Clauses 19 (Decisions by Holders) to 21 (Written Procedure), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security created under the Security Documents. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
5.7 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) on behalf of the Holders in connection with the enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Security Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall promptly arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with Clause 18 (Distribution ofproceeds) as soon as reasonably practicable. If the Agent deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Clause 5.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
