5.6 If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the security created under all or any of the Security Documents, the Agent is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the security created under the Security Documents. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Agent shall not enforce any of the security created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the security created under the Security Documents in accordance with the procedures set out in Clauses 19 (Decisions by Holders) to 21 (Written Procedure), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security created under the Security Documents. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
5.8 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of 15
any security created under the Security Documents, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 5.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Clause 5.7. Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 5.7 to the Holders through the CSD.
6.
THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY
6.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
6.2 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
6.3 Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
6.4 No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g, its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
