6.3 Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
6.5 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.
7.
BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM
7.1 The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
7.2 Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or
16
otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. 7.3 The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent. 7.4 For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt register as contemplated under the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall at the request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent. 7.5 The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such Persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Holders. 7.6 At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to the Agent.
8.
