9.1 Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount. 17
9.3 If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.
9.4 If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9 (Payments in respect o f the Bonds), the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.
9.5 The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax.
10.
INTEREST
10.1 The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the relevant Redemption Date.
10.2 Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
10.3 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
