11.3.3 Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
11.4.1 Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds shall be repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of 30 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.11.1 (e). The 30 calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
11.4.2 The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.11.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.11.1 (e).
19
The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1. 11.4.3 The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue ofthe conflict. 11.4.4 Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
12.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
