"Agent Agreement" means the agent agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent. "Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions. "Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday on which banks are open for general business. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays. "Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. "Call Option Amount" means:
(b) 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date; or
(d) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the Accounting Principles. "Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, not being a shareholder of the Issuer as at the Issue Date (or an Affiliate of such shareholder), acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer. "Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (ii) if provided in connection with an application of the
2
Maintenance Test, that the Maintenance Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio. "Conditions Precedent for the First Disbursement" means the conditions set forth in Clause 13.1. "Conditions Precedent for the Second Disbursement" means the conditions set forth in Clause 15.1. "Conditions Subsequent for the First Disbursement" means the conditions set forth in Clause 14.1. "Conditions Subsequent for the Second Disbursement" means the conditions set forth in Clause 16.1. "CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden). "Current Property Debt" means the debt of approximately DKK 57,000,000 provided to Ejendomsselskabet Rovsingsgade 60-74 ApS in relation to the Property. "Current Property Debt Security" means any security provided in relation to the Current Property Debt. "Derivative Transaction" has the meaning set forth in item (e) of the definition "Permitted Debt". "DKK" means the lawful currency of Denmark. "EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any Group Company;
(b)before deducting any Net Finance Charges; (c) before taking into account any exceptional items (as applicable) which are not in line
