(j) Continuation of the business: The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a merger or demerger that is not prohibited by Clause 17.1 (g) or (ii) a disposal which is not prohibited by Clause 12.7.
17.3 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 17.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 17.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 17.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 17.
17.4 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 17.3 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 17.3.
17.5 If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 17.1, the Agent shall decide, within 20 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 19 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
17.6 If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the 28
instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity. 17.7 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 17, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds. 17.8 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 17 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 19 (Decisions by Holders). 17.9 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 17 (Termination of the Bonds), the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to 105.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or, if the Bonds are declared due and payable on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount.
18.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
18.1 If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 17 (Termination o f the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
