19.4 Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (Right to act on behalfo fa Holder) from a Person who is, registered as a Holder:
(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 21.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
30
19.5 The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21.3: (a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings); (b) release any security provided under the Security Documents; (c) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer; (d) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or (e) amend the provisions in this Clause.
19.6 Any matter not covered by Clause 19.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 22.1 (a), (b) or (c)), a termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of any security created under the Security Documents.
19.7 If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure, will prevail.
19.8 Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 20 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount: (a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or (a) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
19.9 If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 20.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 21.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 19.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
