19.15 If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
20.
HOLDERS' MEETING
20.1 The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than 5 Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
20.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 23.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than 5 Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20.1.
20.3 The notice pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders)
32
and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 20.4 The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than 10 Business Days and no later than 30 Business Days from the notice. 20.5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting within 10 Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person. 20.6 At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder. 20.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote without attending the meeting in Person.
21.
