and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 20.4 The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than 10 Business Days and no later than 30 Business Days from the notice. 20.5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting within 10 Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person. 20.6 At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder. 20.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote without attending the meeting in Person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
21.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than 5 Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
21.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 21.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.
21.3 A communication pursuant to Clause 21.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least 10 Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 21.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication. 33
21.4 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure within 10 Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD.
21.5 When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 19.5 and 19.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 19.5 or 19.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
22.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
