(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument). "Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer or the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clauses 12.11.1(a) and 12.11.1(b). "First Call Date" means the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. "Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 28.1. "Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company"). "Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond. "Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 20 (Holders 'Meeting). "IFRS" means the international financial reporting standards within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time). "Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the Issue Date. "Initial Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. "Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement satisfactory to the Agent to be entered into by the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) as senior creditor, any
5
subordinated creditor and any relevant Group Company as borrower, a form of which shall be agreed by the Agent and the Issuer prior to the Issue Date.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 10.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
