(iii) from (and including) 31 December 2017 up to (and including) the Final
6
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of: (a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and (b) the present value on the relevant Record Rate of the remaining Interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant redemption date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders);
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date). "Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place. "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability ofthe Finance Documents. "Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 10.00 per cent. of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report. "NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556383 9058, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden). "Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans). "Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less (i) Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report and (ii) the claim under the Shareholder Loan Claim Agreement in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
7
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner and Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use of proceeds). "Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. "Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set forth in the definition "Finance Lease". "Overdraft Facility" has the meaning set forth in item (i) of the definition "Permitted Debt". "Overdraft Facility Lender" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), reg. no. 502032-9081, 106 40, Stockholm. "Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Ejendomsselskabet Rovsingsgade 60-74 ApS and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) not later than in connection with the Second Disbursement, in respect of a first priority pledge over one or more owners mortgages and/or all-moneys mortgages in the aggregate amount of DKK 100,000,000 registered on the Property, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent). When the Acquisition has been concluded the Issuer will become the owner of the Property and at such time the Ejendomsselskabet Rovsingsgade 60-74 ApS shall be released from its obligations under the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement and be replaced by the Issuer through an assignment of the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement. "Permitted Basket" has the meaning set forth in item (k) of the definition "Permitted Debt". "Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under the Finance Documents (including any Subsequent Bonds); (b) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases office space
(Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business; (c) taken up from a Group Company; (d) of the Group incurred pursuant to any Finance Lease or any factoring arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business, at any time not exceeding an aggregate amount of SEK 10,000,000; (e) arising under a derivative transaction entered into by a Group Company in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any derivative transaction which in itself is entered into for investment or speculative purposes) ("Derivative Transaction");
8
