(Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business; (c) taken up from a Group Company; (d) of the Group incurred pursuant to any Finance Lease or any factoring arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business, at any time not exceeding an aggregate amount of SEK 10,000,000; (e) arising under a derivative transaction entered into by a Group Company in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any derivative transaction which in itself is entered into for investment or speculative purposes) ("Derivative Transaction");
(f) incurred under a Shareholder Loan; (g) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements; (h) of the Group under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of
business; (i) incurred under an overdraft facility for working capital purposes, in an aggregate
amount of DKK 30,000,000 with the Overdraft Facility Lender as creditor (the "Overdraft Facility"); (j) incurred under existing bonds in the total amount of approximately DKK 34,000,000, provided however (i) that approximately DKK 20,000,000 of this debt shall be repaid no later than 29 June 2014 in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue and (ii) that approximately DKK 14,000,000 of this debt shall be repaid no later than 28 February 2016; and (k) not permitted by item (a)-(j) above, in an aggregate amount not at any time exceeding SEK 5,000,000 and incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business (all such Financial Indebtedness is together referred to as the "Permitted Basket"). "Permitted Security" means any guarantee or security: (a) provided in accordance with the Finance Documents; (b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised); (c) provided in relation to any agreement under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided such lease constitutes Permitted Debt; (d) provided in relation to any Finance Lease or any factoring arrangement constituting Permitted Debt, provided that such security is granted only in the leased asset in question or the receivables subject to any factoring arrangement; (e) provided in relation to a Derivative Transaction in the form of guarantees from other Group Companies or Cash or Cash Equivalents; (f) provided in relation to the Overdraft Facility or the Permitted Basket and constituted by accounts receivables or business mortgages; and (g) security interests on assets of an acquired company that exist at the time of an acquisition, and not incurred in contemplation thereof, and do not extend to any other assets of the Issuer or a Group Company provided that (if such security interests would not be permitted under the Terms and Conditions) such security is removed within three months from the closing of the acquisition.
9
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality. "Property" means the property with land register no. (Danish. matrikelnummer) 6206, located at Rovsingsgade 64-68, DK-2100 Copenhagen, Denmark including any buildings located at the property. "Purpose of the Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 4.2. "Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, 2 Business Days before the first day of that period. "Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 18 (Distribution of proceeds), (iv) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market. "Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed, repaid or repurchased in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption, repayment and repurchase o f the Bonds). "Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments). "Relevant Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months. "Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1. "Second Disbursement" has the meaning set forth in Clause 15.1. "Second Shareholder" means Mette Rode Sundstrøm, Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer. "Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee. "Security Documents" means the Share Pledge Agreement, the Shareholder Loan Claim Pledge Agreement, the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, all governed by Danish Law, as well as any other documents requested by the Agent in relation to the perfection of the security purported to be created under such agreements. "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden. "Shareholder" means Lauritz.com Holding A/S, reg. no. 75559828, c/o Lauritz.com, Dynamovej 11, 2730 Herlev, Denmark.
10
"Shareholder Loan Claim Agreement" means the loan agreement entered into by the Issuer as creditor and the Shareholder as borrower on 28 November 2013 under which the Shareholder borrows DKK 130,000,000. "Shareholder Loan Claim Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) not later than in connection with the first disbursement of the Net Proceeds in respect of a first priority pledge of all the Issuer's present and future money claims under the Shareholder Loan Claim Agreement, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent). "Shareholder Loans" means any loan raised by any Group Company from its current or previous direct and indirect shareholders (excluding other Group Companies), if such shareholder loan (a) according to its terms and pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement, is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, (b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest. "Share Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Shareholder, the Second Shareholder and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) not later than in connection with the first disbursement of the Net Proceeds in respect of a first priority pledge over all of the shares in the Issuer, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent). "Sole Bookrunner" means ABG Sundal Collier AB, reg. no. 556538-8674, P.O. Box 7269, SE-103 89 Stockholm. "STIBOR" means: (a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on NASDAQ OMX
Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in SEK and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or (b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or (c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero. "Subsequent Bond Issue" means any issue of Subsequent Bonds.
