(m) granted by the Operating Group and which is not otherwise permitted by any of the preceding paragraphs securing indebtedness, the principal amount of which does not at any time exceed, in the aggregate, the higher of (A) NOK 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and (B) twenty per cent. (20%) of the consolidated EBITDA of the Group at the time of which such security is incurred.
"Pre-Settlement Security" has the meaning given to it in paragraph (a) of Clause 2.5 {Transaction Security).
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Listing Failure Event or a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Reference Rate" shall mean NIBOR (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate), being the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
