(e) Any redemption notice given by the Issuer in respect of redemption of Bonds shall be irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, provided that such conditions precedent shall have to be fulfilled no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the scheduled Call Option Redemption Date or the redemption notice shall be null and void.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the thirty (30) calendar days' exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than ninety per cent. (90%) of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding
32/55
Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date If the funds deposited on the Escrow Account have not been released from the Escrow Account and applied in accordance with the purpose as set out in Clause 2.3 (Use o f proceeds) by the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days thereafter (with the Record Date being two (2) Business Days after the Longstop Date), redeem the Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, (par) of the Nominal Amount.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
