"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company,irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee &Agency AB(publ),Swedish Reg. No.556882-1879,or another party replacing it, as Agent,in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midson2~naraftonj, Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve(nyårsafton)shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month,in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" occurs if any person or persons, acting collectively, acquires or takes Control over the Issuer. However the aforementioned shall not apply should such Change of Control Event be triggered by a company the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ Stockholm or any other Regulated Market. Should a Change of Control Event have been triggered by a company the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ Stockholm or any other Regulated Market, this Change of Control Event provision shall apply mutads mutandis to subsequent changes of Control in the new listed owner.
"Control" means(i)acquire or otherwise obtain control over, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the total outstanding voting rights in the Issuer or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or discharge all or a majority of the members of the Board of Directors in the Issuer.
"CSD"means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect ofthe Notes,from time to time,initially Euroclear Sweden AB,Swedish Reg. No.556112-8074, P.O.Box 191,10123 Stockholm,Sweden.
"Delisting Event" occurs ifat any time:(i)the Issuer's Class A and B ordinary shares are not listed on NASDAQ Stockholm or any other Regulated Market, or (ii) trading with the Issuer's Class A and B ordinary shares on NASDAQ Stockholm is suspended during a period of more than 15 trading days when the NASDAQ Stockholm is at the same time
~~
