(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security trustee or agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) taking, delaying or omitting to take any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action, delay or non-action is in the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter reIatiu
76(100)
