(d) The change of Bond Trustee shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the time the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits under the Finance Documents in respect of the period of time before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
Security Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Trustee for the Bonds, unless any
other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Trustee may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Senior Creditors and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents. Furthermore, the Security Trustee shall also be authorised, on behalf of the Bondholders, to negotiate, execute and sign the Junior Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Intercreditor Agreement and any tripartite agreement with the counterparty under certain Project Documents (including Offtake Contracts) (of which some will be entered into by a member of the Debtor Group in the future), on terms consistent with the principles of such agreements set out in Schedule 8 and 9 hereto (in respect of the Junior Intercreditor Agreement and the Senior Intercreditor Agreement) and continue to represent and take the necessary actions (or non-actions) agreed in the Junior Intercreditor Agreement and the Senior Intercreditor Agreement on behalf of the Bondholders (from time to time).
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Trustee for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of rights relating to the Transaction Security, in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Trustee other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Trustee, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 16.4 {Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Trustee in connection with the Finance Documents.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
Procedure for amendments and waivers (a) The Obligors and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to
