(ix) Each of the Project Documents and Future Project Documents, other than thos
been terminated or lapsed in accordance with their terms and, in each case, are no longer necessary for the operation of the Project, remain in full force and effect, and no material default has occurred and is continuing thereunder. (x) Each of the material project authorizations that are required for the then-current operations of the Project have been obtained and are in full force and effect, and the Group are not in default thereunder in any material respect. (xi) No event of default (or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become an event of default) shall have occurred and be continuing. (xii) A senior officer of the Issuer shall have executed a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, acting reasonably, addressed to the Bond Trustee, certifying that each of such completion criteria have been satisfied.
98(100)
SCHEDULE 8 JUNIOR INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT PRINCIPLES
SCHEDULE 8
PRINCIPLES FOR THE JUNIOR INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT
This outline sets out core principles that will govern the intercreditor agreement between the streaming purchasers (the "Purchasers") and the lenders under any senior secured financing arrangement (collectively or through their appointed agent/trustee, the "Lenders"). This outline is not intended to be exhaustive in nature, with the form and substance of the intercreditor agreement to be otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchasers and the Lenders, acting reasonably. In this outline, the streaming agreement between the Purchasers and Nemaska Lithium Shawinigan Transformation Inc. (the "Seller") is referred to as the "Stream Agreement" and each senior secured bond indenture, loan agreement or other debt instrument between the borrower (the "Borrower") and any of the Lenders are collectively referred to as the "Loan Agreement". The "Project" is the Whabouchi spodumene mine in the Province of Quebec (the "Mine") and related processing facilities, including the hydrometallurgical plant in the City of Shawinigan.
1. Consent. The Purchasers and the Lenders consent to each other's security and confirm that the security granted in favour of the other is not prohibited by the agreements and other documentation governing their respective relationship with the Seller, the Borrower, and Nemaska Lithium Inc. ("Parent") and its subsidiaries holding a direct or indirect interest in the Project (such subsidiary entities, together with the Seller and the Borrower, the "Project Entities"). The Purchasers and the Lenders also agree not to contest the security in favour of the other so long as it is consistent with the principles hereunder.
2. Security. The scope of collateral to be charged by the security granted by Parent and the Project Entities securing the Stream Agreement (the "Stream Security") in support of the obligations of the Seller under the Stream Agreement (the "Stream Obligations") will not be identical to the scope of collateral to be charged by the security (the "Loan Security") in support of the loan obligations owing to the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Agreement, including without limitation all interest, default interest, premiums, costs, indemnities and other outstanding amounts thereunder (the "Loan Obligations"). It is intended that where there is an overlap of collateral the documentation in respect of the Stream Security will be substantially identical to the documentation in respect of the Loan Security, but that the security package will not be held in common by the agent/trustee holding the Loan Security.
