any way, unless otherwise supported by the Lenders in their sole discretion or (II) prevent the
Enforcement Action, which does not result in any person continuing to mine or extract Stream
Products from the Mine to the extent that the Lenders reasonably view such liquidation (x) as
necessary to ensure repayment in full of the Loan Obligations or (y) reasonably likely to result in
materially superior recovery of proceeds versus other Enforcement Actions.
7. Purchasers Voting. While any amounts remaining owing to the Lenders, the Purchasers undertake that they (i) will not request, approve, support, consent to or vote in favour of (and shall be deemed to have voted to reject) any Insolvency Plan or any sale, disposition or distribution of the Seller's or the Borrower's assets which (a) does not indefeasibly repay, in full in immediately available funds, the Loan Obligations or (b) compromises the Loan Obligations (including extending the time for payment of the Loan Obligations or amending the terms of the Loan Documents) or the rights of the Lenders, in any way, unless otherwise supported by the Lenders, (ii) will use their rights as a creditor to create, support and vote in favour of any Insolvency Plan that meets (or exceeds from the perspective of the Lenders, acting reasonably) the conditions set out in clause (i) above, and will not request, approve or consent to or encourage or support any other person in approving (or vote in favour of or support any application, restructuring, refinancing, recapitalization, plan, proposal or other transaction which involves) anything contrary to clause (ii) above; and (iii) will not vote or take
any position contrary to the position of the Lenders with any receiver or with the Court, provided in each case that the Lenders and/or such Insolvency Plan are in compliance with Section 6 above.
8. Purchase Right. Following notice by the Lenders of any intention to take an Enforcement Action, the Purchasers shall have the right to purchase the obligations under the Loan Agreement for an amount equal to the Loan Obligations outstanding at the time of the purchase (including, for greater certainty, all interest, costs and penalties). The Purchasers' election to purchase the Loan Obligations shall be exercised in writing and shall be completed (with payment of the purchase price) within ten (10) business days following such election being delivered, upon terms to be agreed upon and attached as a schedule to the Intercreditor Agreement. Unless and until the purchase right is completed, the granting of the purchase right and the delivery of an election to exercise the purchase right shall not in any way limit or restrict the Lenders rights under the Intercreditor Agreement, including the right to take or continue any Enforcement Action.
9.
