lien or hypothec in trust for the Lenders until such lien or hypothec is granted to the Lenders.
11. Assignments. Any transferee of the Lenders of the Loan Obligations (or refinancing creditors) will be required to assume the initial Intercreditor Agreement entered into by Purchasers and Lenders (or their respective agents) (the "Initial Intercreditor Agreement") or enter into an Intercreditor Agreement that is identical to, or on terms that are no less favorable to Purchasers than, the Initial Intercreditor Agreement. Any transferee of the Stream Documentation or the Stream Obligations will be required to assume the Initial Intercreditor Agreement or enter into an Intercreditor Agreement that is identical to, or on terms that are no less favorable to Lenders than, the Initial Intercreditor Agreement.
12. Amendments. The terms of the Loan Documentation may be changed or modified without approval of the Purchasers provided that any amendment of the Loan Documentation that (i) has the effect of increasing the principal amount of the Borrower's obligations under the Loan Agreement, when added to all other senior secured project financing of Parent and the Project Entities, prior to a default under the Loan Documents or the occurrence of a Standstill Period, in excess of US$375 million, or (ii) would result in a breach of the Intercreditor Agreement, in each case shall require the consent of the Purchasers. The terms of the Stream Documentation may be changed or modified without approval of the Lenders provided that any amendment of the Stream Documentation that has the effect of (i) reducing the purchase price of the Stream Products deliverable thereunder, (ii) increasing the amount (including without limitation, annual amounts or the maximum overall amount) or frequency of Stream Products deliverable thereunder, (iii) increasing the rate of Stream Products deliverable thereunder, (v) modifying the covenants in such a way so as to materially increase the risk of default under the applicable document, or (iv) would result in a breach of the Intercreditor Agreement, in each case shall require the prior written consent of the Lenders.
13. Conflicts. In case of conflict between the Intercreditor Agreement and either the Loan Documentation or the Stream Documentation, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall prevail.
14. Insurance. Where proceeds of insurance are payable to or for the benefit of the Purchasers in accordance with the terms of the Stream Agreement, such net proceeds shall (notwithstanding the terms of such agreement) be paid to the Lenders as if such proceeds were proceeds of collateral, except to the extent that insurance proceeds are received in respect of damage to or loss of produced Stream Products, in which case such proceeds shall first be paid to the Purchasers in accordance with their entitlement under the Stream Agreement and then to the Lenders in accordance with their entitlement under the Loan Agreement.
15. Notice of Defaults. The Purchasers and the Lenders shall provide the other with concurrent notice of the occurrence of any default under the Stream Agreement or the Loan Agreement, as applicable, or the Stream Security or the Loan Security, as applicable, if notice of such default is given to, or received from, any of the Parent or the Project Entities under their respective documents, except that the Purchasers or the Lenders will not incur any liability for failing to provide any such notice unless required to do so under any applicable law.
16. Governing Law. Quebec.
SCHEDULE 9 SENIOR INTERCREDITOR AGREEM ENT PRINCIPLES
100(100)
