Any change of security trustee shall require the consent of the Trustee and the RCF Agent. The Trustee shall be authorised (in its sole discretion) to grant such consent without any approval or consent from the Bondholders. Before the appointment of a security trustee other than the Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed security trustee, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Trustee.
Save for the Pre-Disbursement Security in favour of the Trustee and the Bond Creditors, the Guarantees and any separate guarantee provided by any of the Obligors in favour of the under the RCF Facility, none of the Senior Creditors shall take the benefit of any other security or guarantee for the respective obligations owed to it by any member of the Group, unless any such additional or new security created (and guarantees and indemnities granted) be extended to and shared between the Senior Creditors in accordance with the terms of the Senior Intercreditor Agreement (including the principles set out in "Payment waterfall" below).
8. Restrictions on payments:
Except in the event of an enforcement action, the Security Trustee and Bond Creditors may not issue payment stops with respect to payments due to other Senior Creditors except in the event of material breaches of the Senior Secured Obligations and for periods of no longer than 90 days.
Following the occurrence of an enforcement action, no Obligor may, subject to certain exceptions, make any payments of the Senior Secured Obligations, except from enforcement proceeds distributed in accordance with the principles set out in "Payment waterfall" below.
9. Enforcement:
The Senior Intercreditor Agreement will contain provisions regulating the Senior Creditors' respective rights to vote and instruct the Security Trustee
to enforce the Senior Security Documents, according to the following principles:
The right to issue decisive enforcement instructions to the Security Trustee shall in the event of conflicting enforcement instructions first go to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bond Creditors) alone. If (i) enforcement has not commenced within 180 days after an initial enforcement notice has been delivered to the Security Trustee by either the Trustee (on behalf of the Bond Creditors) or the RCF Agent (on behalf of the RCF Creditors) (whichever is first), then, unless the Security Trustee is diligently pursuing an enforcement action with respect to all or a material portion of the relevant Senior Security Documents, the right to give decisive enforcement instructions in the event of conflicting instructions shall shift to the RCF Creditors provided that an event of default under the RCF has occurred and is continuing.
