"Irrevocable Direction" has the meaning set out in Clause 6.1(b)(xxiv).
"Issue Date" means 30 May 2018.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, being Nemaska Lithium Inc.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer (including, for the purposes of this definition only, an affiliate of the Issuer as the term "affiliate" is understood in the Canada Business Corporations Act).
"JMBM" means Johnson Matthey Battery Materials Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Province of Quebec (corporation number 1170538988) and domiciled in Quebec, Canada.
"JMBM Agreement" means, collectively, the Tolling and Supply Agreement entered into between JMBM, 9671714 Canada Inc. (now PIP), 9672486 Canada Inc. (now Nemaska Lithium Shawinigan Transformation Inc.) and Nemaska Lithium Inc. on May 9, 2016 and the Deposit Agreement entered into between the same parties on May 9, 2016.
"JMBM Amendment Agreement" means an amendment to the JMBM Agreement providing for the JMBM Arrangement and, unless the JMBM Arrangement is implemented by way of the termination of the JMBM Agreement, as set forth in the definition of "JMBM Arrangement", amending the milestone dates set forth therein for conversion rates of lithium hydroxide from lithium sulphate monohydrate at the Transformation Plant to reflect expected Transformation Plant production start (i.e. avoid penalty and/or termination under present terms).
"JMBM Arrangement" means:
(a) a Tripartite Agreement with JMBM in respect of the JMBM Agreement or the inclusion in the JMBM Amendment Agreement of the Tripartite Criteria, in each case excluding any subordination of the JMBM Security (as hereinafter defined) to the Transaction Security but in each case including, without limitation, the Security Trustee's right to cure any default of a member of the Debtor Group under the JMBM Agreement and related agreements and documentation (including, without limitation, the PIP Pledge, the JMBM Hypothec, the License Agreement dated May 11, 2016
