"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption --Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Cantore Amendment Agreement" means the amendment dated March 29, 2018 to the Cantore Agreement such that Mr. Cantore renounces to his rights under Article 4 of the Cantore Agreement in connection with the transfer from the Issuer to Nemaska Lithium Whabouchi Mine Inc. of any mining claims included in the "propriété Cantore" (as such term is defined in the Cantore Agreement).
"Cantore Royalty" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Permitted Encumbrances".
"Capital Expenditure Budget" means the budget (being a part of the Master Control Budget) for the CAD 702 million capital expenditure plus the CAD 100 million in contingency for the Project.
"Change of Control Event" means any event or series of events pursuant to which a person or group of persons acting in concert gain Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Charged Property" means the universality of the movable and immovable property, assets and undertakings, present and future, of whatsoever nature, character and kind (excluding the Existing Minority Shareholdings) of an Obligor.
"Chinuchi Hypothec" means any hypothec granted by any member of the Debtor Group that charges Mining Lease BM 1022, as provided for in the Chinuchi Agreement dated November 7, 2014 among the Issuer (whose right, title and interest therein and thereto was assigned by
the Issuer to Nemaska Lithium Whabouchi Mine Inc. as of April 2, 2018), the Cree Nation of Nemaska, the Grand Council of the Crees (Eeyou Istchee) and the Cree Nation Government.
"Company Certificate" means a certificate issued by the Issuer to the Independent Engineer and the Bond Trustee prior to any material change to the Project Construction Plan or the Capital Expenditure Budget in such form and with such content as further set out in Clauses 13.8 (Changes to the Project Construction Plan) and 13.10 (Changes to the Capital Expenditure Budget).
