(vii) Such withdrawals may be made by issuing a drawdown notice in the form of Schedule 2 {Release Notice - Escrow Account) to the bank at which the Escrow Account is held and to the Bond Trustee no less than three times over the term of the Bonds.
(A) include a confirmation that no potential or actual Event of Defev exists;
(B) be accompanied by a description of the purpose of the proposed drawdown, including details and relevant supporting documentation of the nature of the project costs; and
(C) be countersigned by the Independent Engineer confirming that: (i) the project costs are associated with the Project, and (ii) the Cost-toComplete Test has been satisfied on the date of delivery of the notice.
(ix) For the avoidance of doubt, the Bond Trustee will not and may not release any amount from the Escrow Account unless the relevant drawdown notice is countersigned and accompanied with the evidence as aforesaid. The Bond Trustee will make no assessment or evaluations in respect of the instructions and confirmations set out in such drawdown notice.
(x) If the Independent Engineer does not countersign a drawdown notice, it must provide a non-compliance notice to the Bond Trustee and the Issuer that either (i) it does not agree that certain of the project costs specified in the drawdown notice are associated with the Project and/or (ii) the Cost-to-Complete Test has not been satisfied.
(xi) If the Independent Engineer issues a non-compliance notice solely in respect of disputed project costs (as set out under (i) in paragraph (x) above), the Issuer may still make a drawdown from the Escrow Account for any undisputed project costs specified in the drawdown notice (if any). In such event a new drawdown notice for such undisputed amount must be issued by the Issuer, accompanied by such descriptions pursuant to, and countersigned by the Independent Engineer, in accordance with (viii)(A) through (C) above.
(xii) Where the issuance of a non-compliance notice relates to the failure to satisfy the Cost-to-Complete Test, no drawings from the Escrow Account(s) shall be made and the Issuer shall not issue any further drawdown notices until the Independent Engineer certifies that the Cost-to-Complete Test is satisfied, at which time drawdowns may be made provided the formalities set forth above are properly observed.
(xiii) To the extent any unspent amounts from previous drawdowns remain deposited in the relevant Operating Expense Account, then the amount which the Issuer may withdraw from the relevant Escrow Account pursuant to a subsequent drawdown notice will be reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate unspent amount in the relevant Operating Expense Account(s). Each drawdown notice shall identify such aggregate unspent amounts.
