Risk Management
We seek to create shareholder value by formulating an integrated company-wide risk management policy which anticipates changes in our financial, legal and business environment and allows us to better understand and prioritize risks that affect our business. Our company wide risk management is divided into four main categories: financial, hazard, operational and strategic risks. Our goal is to protect the company against unexpected losses, while securing stable earnings in order to create value for our shareholders.
We have established key functions, each of which is responsible for identifying, quantifying, analyzing and mitigating various risks in accordance with guidelines that have been approved by the Board of Directors. Responsibility for following up and monitoring company-wide risk management lies with our Corporate Risk Management department.
Currency Risk
Due to our position as one of the most international paper and pulp companies worldwide with a significant cost base in Norway, we incur significant costs in Norwegian kroner while our sales are predominantly in foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to a greater currency risk than most of our competitors.
We use various financial instruments to hedge this exposure, and seek at all times to hedge between 50% and 100% of our expected currency exposure during the coming year. The hedging instruments we use are forward foreign exchange contracts and currency options, currency swaps, interest rate swaps and loans denominated in foreign currencies.
In the first six months of 2003, the strengthening of the Norwegian kroner as compared to average foreign exchange rates in the first six months of 2002 had a negative impact on our operating earnings of approximately NOK167 million. However, translation differences on accounts receivables and payables had a positive impact of approximately NOK82 million. Our loss on hedging transactions related to cash flow was approximately NOK345 million during the first half of 2003.
We are exposed to currency risk in the following areas:
· Balance Sheet Risk, where assets and debt valued in foreign currencies have to be translated into Norwegian kroner on our balance sheet; and
