3rd 3rd 1st 1st 1st3 3rd4
(1) Management estimates based on production capacity located in the specified region.
(2) Including our proportionate share of PanAsia's capacity and all of the capacity of NorskeCanada and Malaysian Newsprint Industries. We include all of the capacity of NorskeCanada and Malaysian Newsprint Industries (although we only own 30.6% and 33.65% of them, respectively) on the basis that we are the only paper company with a major interest in these entities.
(3) Based on all of the capacity of PanAsia and Malaysian Newsprint Industries.
(4) Based on all of the capacity of NorskeCanada.
 Leading position in growing markets.
We have significantly enhanced our position in the fast growing regions of Asia (excluding Japan), through our holding in PanAsia, and in South America. In addition, we expect to achieve higher levels of profitability in these markets because of our modern paper machines, our low operating costs and our proximity to our customers. In the first half of 2003, we achieved operating margins before depreciation of 34.3% in South America and 24.5% at PanAsia, higher than any of the other regions in which we operate. In addition, PanAsia has recently announced the construction of a new mill in Hebei, China with a planned annual capacity of 330,000 metric tonnes of newsprint, which will strengthen PanAsia's position in a market that has been experiencing a rapid growth in demand for newsprint in recent years and which we believe will continue to experience growth in demand.
3
 Low cost producer. Based on our own internal cost benchmarking analysis, we believe our newsprint production ranks in either the first or second quartile in terms of delivered cash cost within each region in which we operate (the first quartile being the lowest delivered cash cost). We also believe our uncoated magazine paper and our coated magazine paper production rank, respectively, in the first and second quartiles in Europe in terms of their delivered cash cost.  A focused company with an ability to realize efficiencies regionally and globally. Over the past decade, our business has grown rapidly and we have become a global company focused on the production of publication papers. A significant amount of our growth has been attributed to the acquisition of several publication paper businesses. Our success in integrating these businesses into our existing operations has provided us with considerable experience, particularly with publication papers, and has demonstrated our ability to realize cost efficiencies and operational improvements both regionally and globally. We have utilized our experience gained in these integration efforts to create a set of best practice procedures in order to standardize practices across mills and enhance operational efficiency.  Competitive assets. From 1998 through 2000, we invested approximately NOK6,488 million in our production facilities, including investment in a new paper machine at our mill in Golbey, France at a cost of approximately NOK2.8 billion. During the last three years, our capital expenditure has been strictly prioritized and kept below 50% of depreciation. We intend to maintain a capital expenditure to depreciation ratio of approximately 50% to 70% in the longer term. Capital expenditure for these purposes includes current investments in maintenance and the upgrading of paper machines but excludes any strategic investments (including new paper machines) which we may make in the future. We expect that capital expenditure will continue to be financed from our operational cash flow.
