We have a policy of maintaining a minimum liquidity reserve of 20% of operating revenue, which as at June 30, 2003 amounted to NOK7,300 million. The liquidity reserve consists of available liquidity (cash and cash equivalents) as well as committed drawing facilities with banks. We maintain a minimum of NOK500 million in cash reserves that are held either in bank deposits or liquid securities. Our policy is to undertake transactions primarily with counterpar ties having high credit ratings. Counterparty credit limits are continuously monitored and reviewed.
To manage the risk of losses on accounts payable, we have developed clear guidelines for credit control per customer. Internal credit ratings and credit lines are set for each customer, based on financial quality. In cases where the risk is high, credit insurance, or other hedging instruments, are considered where applicable.
Insurance
We have centralized the management of our group-wide insurance program. This program includes insurance policies, which cover property damage and business interruption, general liability and transportation. The insurance value of property damage and business interruption totaled NOK90,000 million at June 30, 2003. Total general liability cover amounted to NOK1,500 million. We seek to achieve the best insurance coverage based on competitive terms in the global insurance market. In addition, we aim to minimize the total cost of risk by, among other things, implementing risk-reducing activities. We seek to achieve an appropriate balance between retained insurable risks and risks that are transferred to the external insurance market.
Our business units are responsible for maintaining a high standard regarding all loss-prevention activities in accordance with our internal standards and procedures. Central support is offered
38
in identifying risks through comprehensive technical surveys. Among other things, these surveys form the basis for exchanging best practices between our different mills. Our insurance policies for property damage are underwritten by our fully-owned subsidiary, NSI Forsikring A/S, registered in Denmark. We are continuously evaluating our risk coverage through NSI Forsikring. In the longer term, we may decide to retain a higher degree of self insurance on property damage, which could result in lower premiums. We believe that we have historically maintained a relatively low level of claims under our insurance policies and, as a result, we believe our insurance premiums have been relatively low considering recently volatile insurance premiums. Project Risk We have invested in companies and projects worldwide. Risk is often related to the areas where these projects are located. We have developed a method for identifying and managing such risks. The risk of a project depends on a number of future events that may occur during a project's lifetime. We evaluate the risk of a project based on its impact on our cash flow and revenue. We believe this process provides us with an effective tool for ascertaining the riskreturn relationship for particular projects.
39
Our Business
