 Our vision is to continue to be a leading international company within the paper and forest products industry.
As a measurement of this goal, we aim to achieve a return on capital employed of at least 13% throughout a business cycle. The key elements of our strategy are as follows:
 Concentrate on our core publication paper business.
We believe that by concentrating our resources and capital on a narrow range of products, we have developed a high level of proficiency at manufacturing and a deep knowledge of our customer base and the market. We developed this strategy more than seven years ago and have systematically divested non-core assets, acquired strategic businesses involved in the production of publication papers and built new assets dedicated to the production of publication paper. In the first half of 2003, approximately 93% of our net sales were from publication paper compared to 64% in 1995.
 Continue to consolidate our global position.
We intend to maintain our position as one of the industry leaders in the paper and forest products industry. Our position as a leading global producer of publication papers will allow us to supply the needs of our global customers. We have largely completed an ambitious multi year program of acquisitions and divestitures and will seek to support future growth through a focus on achieving greater efficiencies in operations and in our corporate structure, and the continued evaluation of selected smaller acquisitions and new investment opportunities. In addition, we plan to build new production capacity only if there is sufficient demand to absorb the additional capacity.
 Cost-efficient production.
We strive to produce and supply our products on the most cost-efficient basis within each region where we compete. We expect to accomplish this goal by reducing our cost of production and by developing and focusing on the products we are able to produce most competitively. Reductions in our production costs should arise from economies of scale, continuous operational improvements, use of the lowest cost raw materials available within each region where we operate and cooperation among the regions to optimize trade flows. We may also make selected investments to achieve operational improvements. We continually evaluate the cost efficiency of our productive assets, and will consider replacing less efficient productive capacity with machines, mills and other producing assets of greater efficiency. If we do replace capacity, this may lead to accounting adjustments.
 Revised corporate structure.
