We strive to produce and supply our products on the most cost-efficient basis within each region where we compete. We expect to accomplish this goal by reducing our cost of production and by developing and focusing on the products we are able to produce most competitively. Reductions in our production costs should arise from economies of scale, continuous operational improvements, use of the lowest cost raw materials available within each region where we operate and cooperation among the regions to optimize trade flows. We may also make selected investments to achieve operational improvements. We continually evaluate the cost efficiency of our productive assets, and will consider replacing less efficient productive capacity with machines, mills and other producing assets of greater efficiency. If we do replace capacity, this may lead to accounting adjustments.
As part of what we call our ''Improvement 2003'' program, we have revised aspects of our management structure by shortening reporting lines, devolving decision-making authority in sales and marketing to local sales offices (within the framework of guidelines set by central management) and by standardizing and further coordinating production methods and
41
centralizing production management, administration, procurement and logistics functions, where these are likely to benefit from a global corporate perspective. This program has allowed us to introduce cost-saving and efficiency measures across all our business lines and to better monitor and react to developments in our business environment. A goal of the program is to improve results (primarily through cost reduction measures) by NOK2 billion by the end of 2004 (measured against a baseline of our 2002 results and on a basis seeking to adjust for or exclude factors outside our control). As of June 30, 2003, we had achieved improvements of NOK320 million and believe we remain on course to achieve the targeted gain of NOK1 billion by year end.
These strategic aims are supported by what we see as our principal competitive strengths.
· Significant presence on five continents.
We have become one of the world's most global paper companies with mills in 15 countries and on five continents (which includes our joint venture PanAsia, our 33.65% interest in Malaysian Newsprint Industries and our 30.6% interest in NorskeCanada). We are the second largest publication paper producer globally based on production capacity and have a substantial market share in each of the regions in which we operate. Local presence gives us the ability to manage capacity on a regional basis, reducing the need for expensive transportation. Further, our proximity to our customers increases the potential for service agreements and integrated sales and distribution systems.
The following table sets forth our relative ranking and share of capacity for newsprint and magazine paper in our principal markets globally and by region as of June 30, 2003.
Product
