· A focused company with an ability to realize efficiencies regionally and globally.
· Competitive assets.
From 1998 through 2000, we invested approximately NOK6,488 million in our production facilities, including investment in a new paper machine at our mill in Golbey, France at a cost of approximately NOK2.8 billion. During the last three years, our capital expenditure has been strictly prioritized and kept below 50% of depreciation. We intend to maintain a capital expenditure to depreciation ratio of approximately 50% to 70% in the longer term. Capital expenditure for these purposes includes current investments in maintenance and the upgrading of paper machines but excludes any strategic investments (including new paper machines) which we may make in the future. We expect that capital expenditure will continue to be financed from our operational cash flow.
Company History
We were founded in 1962 by the Norwegian forest owners association in cooperation with private and public interests. However, we can trace our roots back to the late nineteenth century to certain businesses that now form a part of our company. In 1966, we commenced production of newsprint at our first paper machine, a fully integrated newsprint mill located in Skogn, Norway and by 1989, we had become the sole newsprint producer in Norway, after leading the consolidation of the publication paper industry in Norway. During the 1990s, we began to expand our operations outside of Norway and into Europe. Since 1999, through acquisitions and the creation of joint ventures, we have become a global publication paper company, with operations in all the major paper producing regions of the world. At the same time as we have been expanding our operations, we have also been concentrating this expansion on our core areas of newsprint and magazine papers. As a result, we have sold non core operating units over the last several years.
43
Industry Overview
The paper products industry is an international, capital intensive and highly competitive industry with several large global producers and many smaller regional producers. The industry has grown at a rate similar to that of global general economic growth over the past two decades. The industry is characterized by volatile pricing and profitability caused by imbalances between supply and demand. Due to the large amount of capital required for the construction of new paper production capacity and the long lead-time required to plan and complete new production facilities, it is a challenge to adapt capacity levels to meet changing demand.
We believe the recent consolidation in the paper products industry provides a better balance between supply and demand globally, thus helping to reduce price volatility. During the past several years, the publication paper segment, which includes newsprint and magazine paper, has experienced the greatest amount of consolidation globally in comparison to other paper grades. Norske Skog's paper products are principally publication paper grades.
