The paper products industry is an international, capital intensive and highly competitive industry with several large global producers and many smaller regional producers. The industry has grown at a rate similar to that of global general economic growth over the past two decades. The industry is characterized by volatile pricing and profitability caused by imbalances between supply and demand. Due to the large amount of capital required for the construction of new paper production capacity and the long lead-time required to plan and complete new production facilities, it is a challenge to adapt capacity levels to meet changing demand.
Paper is primarily comprised of pulp and fillers such as clay. Pulp can be produced from mechanically processed wood (resulting in mechanical pulp), from chemically processed wood (resulting in chemical pulp) or from processed waste paper (resulting in recycled pulp). Paper can be either uncoated, coated with a thin film made primarily of clay and machine polished to provide a glossy finish (calendered) or uncoated and calendered. Major grades of publication paper include newsprint, directory paper, uncoated magazine paper (supercalendered ''SC'' paper) and coated magazine paper (lightweight coated ''LWC'' paper). Paper grades that contain mainly chemical pulp include fine paper grades and some packaging paper.
Sources of wood for the production of pulp include logs, wood chips and sawdust from sawmills. Wood pulp can be made from softwood, such as pine or spruce, or hardwood, such as birch, aspen or eucalyptus. Softwood pulp contains long fibers, which add strength to paper. Hardwood pulp contains short fibers, which add bulk, opacity and smoothness to paper. Chemical pulp is generally produced through a process known as the sulphate or ''kraft'' process. Kraft pulp retains the strength of the wood fibers better than mechanical pulping. Because of the combination of long fibers and the chemical process, softwood kraft pulp is the strongest pulp available. Pulp may be either bleached to add brightness or unbleached.
Historically, newsprint has been considered a late cyclical paper grade where changes in pricing will lag behind changes in pulp and fine paper prices and has shown somewhat less price volatility than other paper grades. Similar to newsprint, magazine paper grades are also considered a late cyclical paper grade because changes in magazine paper prices generally lag behind changes in pulp and fine paper prices.
Locations of Operations
We operate our business primarily in four geographic regions. These regions are Europe, South America, Australasia and Asia, which includes our interests in PanAsia and Malaysian Newsprint Industries. In addition, we are the largest shareholder in NorskeCanada, which has operations in North America.
44
The following table provides inform ation as to our annual production capacity by grade in each region as of June 30, 2003.
Europe: N e w s p rin t............................................................................................................... Magazine Paper ..................................................................................................
