100%
We have a well-diversified customer base with our ten largest customers accounting for approximately 20% of our European operations' sales in 2002. Our price contracts with our newsprint customers, and most of our price contracts for uncoated magazine paper, are generally of a one-year duration.
Competition. The market for publication paper is highly competitive. Our principal competitors in Europe in newsprint include Stora Enso Oyj, UPM-Kymmene Oyj and Holmen AB. Our principal competitors in Europe in uncoated magazine paper include UPM-Kymmene, Stora Enso, M-real Corporation and Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA (publ). Our principal competitors in Europe in coated magazine paper include UPM-Kymmene, Stora Enso, M-real, Cartiere Burgo SpA, Sappi Limited and SCA.
South America
Our operations in South America are comprised of our 100% interest in the PISA newsprint mill in Brazil and our 100% interest in the Papeles Norske Skog Bio Bio, S.A. paper mill in Chile. Our operations in South America accounted for 4.8% of our operating revenue and 11.1% of our operating earnings in the first half of 2003. Our operations in South America delivered 155,000 metric tonnes of newsprint in the first half of 2003 and 330,000 metric tonnes in 2002. In 1999, we commenced operations under a 50% joint venture agreement with Klabin in Brazil for the production of newsprint. Following the termination on March 31, 2003 of our Norske Skog Klabin newsprint joint venture, we have been providing the customers of that mill with paper produced by our operations in Europe. The mill is now owned by Klabin and is no longer being used to produce newsprint. Thus, the mill is not in competition with our newsprint products in South America.
South America is a market in which there are only a few small domestic newsprint producers. We estimate domestic production is only able to supply about half the demand for newsprint in South America. Large North American newsprint producers compete with us to satisfy local demand. Our South American mills have a significant delivered cost advantage compared to our North American competitors due to their proximity to their customers and access to an ample supply of low-cost wood.
Production Facilities. We are the largest producer of newsprint in South America based on annual production capacity, with a total of 310,000 metric tonnes of newsprint production capacity from two paper mills.
48
We believe our Brazilian newsprint machine is in the first quartile and our Chilean newsprint paper machine is in the second quartile in terms of delivered cash cost per metric tonne to Sao Paulo, Brazil.
