2
Raw Materials and Suppliers. PISA consumes approximately 350,000 cubic meters of wood and 9,000 of kraft pulp. Its supply of raw materials is maintained through long-term contracts with local suppliers.
PISA uses internally produced TMP and other types of mechanical pulp and purchases some chemical pulp from third parties. In 2002, 82% of PISA's pulp requirements were from TMP, 13% from other types of mechanical pulp and 5% from chemical pulp.
Bio Bio sources all of its wood requirements from third parties. As Bio Bio operates in a region of Chile that has a substantial surplus of pulpwood, much of which is exported, it is able to purchase its fiber requirements under short-term fiber supply contracts at local market prices. In 2002, almost all of Bio Bio's pulp requirements were from internally produced groundwood with a small percentage from chemical pulp purchased from third parties.
Sales and Distribution. Our operations in South America generally sell their products to newspaper and commercial printers across South America. In 2002, 99.4% of our products produced in South America were sold within South America. In 2002, the ten largest customers of our South American operations accounted for approximately 40% of its sales. By sales, the top two countries for our South American products are Brazil and Chile, which together comprised 81% of the sales of our operations in South America in 2002.
PISA's production is principally for the local Brazilian market with some minor exports to other South American countries. In Chile, Bio Bio produces newsprint and other publication paper grades for the local market and for export to Peru, Ecuador, Uruguay, Colombia, Paraguay, Argentina and Bolivia. The mill serves many of the major publishers in the region, with approximately 46% of production sold in Chile and the remainder sold in adjacent countries. Bio Bio has entered into short-term supply arrangements with a number of regional commercial and telephone directory publishers.
Competition. Competition among the South American producers of newsprint is limited, as they tend to be small and serve only customers in their surrounding area. Other South American producers include Empresas CMPC and Papel Prensa. However, our main competitors are Abitibi-Consolidated and Bowater Incorporated, who export newsprint from North America to South America.
49
Australasia
