In 2002, the Boyer mill acquired approximately one-third of its wood requirements from its own estate, approximately one-half from Forestry Tasmania and Rayonier under long-term
supply agreements which expire in 2022, and the remainder from suppliers under short-term contracts of up to three years in duration.
The Tasman mill acquired a significant portion of its wood requirements from long-term contracts in 2002. Its principal contracts are with Fletcher Challenge Forests. The contracts expire in 2020.
Our operations in Australasia also purchase waste paper to produce recycled pulp at our Albury mill. Albury is relatively close to the two largest cities in Australia, Melbourne and Sydney, which provide a reliable supply of waste paper. Waste paper is supplied under contracts with terms of up to seven years, with prices protected by maximum and minimum price agreements.
The primary types of pulp used by our Australasian operations are TMP, other types of mechanical pulp, recycled pulp and chemical pulp. The majority of the pulp used by our Australasian operations is internally generated. In 2002, 75% of our Australasian pulp requirements were from TMP, 14% from recycled paper, 4% from chemical pulp and 7% from other types of mechanical pulp.
Sales and Distribution. Our operations in Australasia generally sell their products to newspapers and commercial printers of preprint advertising which are inserted into newspapers or delivered by other means. The principal markets for our Australasian products are Australia and New Zealand, which together accounted for 93% of sales in 2002, with some exports to Asia.
All of our Australasian products sold within Australia and the Pacific Islands are sold directly to our customers by our Australasian operations using their own sales force. PanAsia distributes Australasia's paper to customers in Asia.
Our Australian operations benefit from long-term business relationships with three of the major publishers in Australia through supply contracts extending through 2010. These publishers account for a significant majority of domestic newsprint demand and most of our sales and we supply almost all of their newsprint requirements. Prices under these contracts are fixed annually in Australian dollars using a formula based on a premium over U.S. west coast transaction prices for newsprint. In addition, annual price movements are restricted by a cap/collar arrangement.
Our New Zealand sales are made to the members of the New Zealand Newspaper Publishers Association (''NZNPA''), which includes nearly all of New Zealand's newspaper publishers, under one five-year contract. Two members of the NZNPA account for approximately 85% of total New Zealand newsprint demand and we supply all of their newsprint. Historically, prices negotiated with the NZNPA have been similar, but not equal, to the Australian newsprint prices as set under the contracts described above.
