We will use the net proceeds of the issue of the notes, expected to amount to approximately U.S.$396 million after deduction of under writing fees, commissions and other transaction expenses to repay existing indebtedness, including the purchase of our outstanding debt securities in open market transactions, and for general corpo rate purposes.
The notes are subject to redemption in whole at their principal amount plus accrued interest (if any), at our option, at any time in the event of certain changes affecting taxation in Norway. See ''Terms and Conditions of the Notes--Condition 7(c) (Redemption and Purchase--Redemption for tax reasons)''.
The 2015 notes will bear interest from October 2, 2003 at the rate of 6.125% per annum payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15, each year commencing on April 15, 2004. The 2033 notes will bear interest from October 2, 2003 at the rate of 7.125% per annum payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15, each year commencing on April 15, 2004. All payments in respect of the notes will be made in United States dollars free and clear of withholding taxes in Norway unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, we will (subject as provided in ''Terms and Conditions of the Notes--Condition 9 (Taxation)'') pay such additional amounts as will result in the noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such notes had no such withholding been required.
6
Listing......................... . Application has been made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Fiscal Agent and Registrar..................... . JPMorgan Chase Bank
Listing Agent.............. . J.P. Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A.
Status of the Notes .. .
Each tranche of the notes will be issued on an unsecured basis and will at all times rank pari passu without preference among them selves and pari passu in right of payment with all of our other present and future unsubordinated obligations, except for obliga tions preferred by law.
