New mill in China. PanAsia announced in September 2003 the creation of a joint venture with Hebei Longteng Paper Corporation of China to build and operate a newsprint paper mill in Zhaoxian, located in the Hebei province of China, 280 kilometers south-west of Beijing. PanAsia will have a 65% equity stake and Longteng the remaining 35%. The total investment cost for
the project is expected to be approximately U.S.$300 million (which equals less than $1,000 per metric tonne at full production capacity), with PanAsia's share of the equity amounting to approximately U.S.$70 million. PanAsia will also consolidate the full amount of the project's debt, amounting to approximately U.S.$200 million. The project will be consolidated as a subsidiary in PanAsia's accounts, with proportional consolidation in our accounts. The impact on our balance sheet is expected to be limited, with an increase in total assets of approximately NOK1.1 billion and an estimated increase in the net debt to equity ratio of 0.04. We expect the equity to be financed from PanAsia's own cash flow, without any need for a capital injection from us. Construction of the mill is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2003 and the mill is expected to begin production during the third quarter of 2005, eventually reaching full capacity of 330,000 metric tonnes per year. The newsprint produced at the mill will contain 100% recycled fiber. This project is an integral part of our strategy to expand PanAsia's newsprint operations in China, which has seen a rapid growth in newsprint demand in recent years. According to the Pulp and Paper Products Council, demand has risen from 1.15 million metric tonnes in 1998 to nearly 1.8 million metric tonnes in 2002. Management believes that China should continue to experience significant annual growth in newsprint demand.
Raw Materials. The principal raw material for PanAsia and Malaysian Newsprint Industries is pulp made from waste paper and wood. In 2002, more than 90% of our Asian pulp requirements came from waste paper and wood and less than 10% from TMP and CTMP.
PanAsia's Jeonju mill uses approximately 90% recycled pulp and 10% TMP and CTMP and the other PanAsia mills use close to 100% recycled pulp to produce their newsprint. Approximately 50% of the waste paper is sourced domestically pursuant to short-term contracts with the balance imported from the United States, Europe and Japan. The Korean mills have access to the waste paper market in Korea, which is one of the largest and lowest-cost sources of waste paper in Asia, making these mills among the lowest cost in the world. In contrast, less waste paper is collected in China and Thailand and our mills there must rely more on imported waste paper, with the SingBuri mill importing all of its waste paper and the Shanghai mill importing approximately 90% of its requirements.
Malaysian Newsprint Industries uses only recycled pulp. Malaysian Newsprint Industries is the only newsprint mill in Malaysia, and sources approximately 50% of its raw material requirements from domestic supplies of waste paper, with the balance being imported.
Sales and Distribution. PanAsia and Malaysian Newsprint Industries generally sell their products to newspaper publishers and commercial printers across Asia. In the first half of 2003, 90% of PanAsia's sales were within Asia and 10% were to the rest of the world. Malaysian Newsprint Industries sells all of its products within Asia. By sales, the top three countries for our Asian operations' products are Korea, Malaysia and China, which together comprised 75% of sales volumes in 2002.
Over the last fifteen years, Asia (excluding Japan) has experienced growth in demand for newsprint of between 6% and 7% per year, one of the fastest growth rates of any region in the world. We believe this trend is likely to continue in the long run due to rising literacy rates and increasing wealth and disposable income in the region.
PanAsia functions as an independent operation with regard to the production and marketing of its products within a market area consisting of the Asia-Pacific region and the Indian subcontinent. The joint venture agreement provides for PanAsia to distribute products from its joint venture partners within the market area and for the joint venture partners to distribute
53
