Competition. The North American market for newsprint is the largest in the world and is highly competitive. Norske Skog's principal competitors in the North American newsprint market include Abitibi-Consolidated, Bowater and Kruger, as well as regional competitors in western North America such as North Pacific Paper Corp.
Revised Corporate Structure
In 2003, as part of what we call our ''Improvement 2003'' program, we undertook a major reorganization of our corporate management structure to provide direct lines of access between management and our operating units. The new corporate management structure divides these new centralized and standardized operations along the following lines: production, sales and marketing, and supply and logistics.
Sales and Marketing
We have eliminated layers of management, creating a ''flatter'' management structure which provides more direct lines of communication between our sales force on the ground in various European countries and the head office in Norway. We have also devolved authority for many of the decisions regarding a sales contract to local offices, while the head office remains responsible for the overall strategy and for establishing targets for the sales and marketing division. In addition, we have centralized certain administrative functions formerly the responsibility of local and regional sale offices, leaving the sales offices free to concentrate their efforts on our customers. This new system has allowed us to standardize procedures, while preserving flexibility at the local level to adjust to specific situations, and to provide a response in a shorter time to customers, thereby providing a higher quality of service to them.
Production
Our new management structure also features a more centralized product management group which is primarily responsible for determining the best means of producing the product for the customer, including where to produce the product, how best to produce it and how quickly deliveries can be made to the customer. Eliminating layers of management facilitates communication and coordination between this central production management group and production facilities, and enables us to standardize its operating procedures, thereby creating significant efficiencies. At the same time, by providing direct access to senior management, we have ensured that any major issues will be brought promptly to the attention of the appropriate senior manager.
55
Supply and Logistics
