With the exception of the Bio Bio and Boyer mills, all of our mills have biological waste water treatment plants that remove organic compounds from the waste water and significantly
reduce the amount of such compounds in the waste water before it is discharged into a river or other body of water. At the Boyer mill, the Australian authorities have set January 1, 2007 as the deadline for further measures to reduce discharges. At Bio Bio, a new mechanical wastewater treatment plant (sedimentation) came on-line in May 2003. This reduced the discharges of fiber by 85% and also significantly reduced the discharges of dissolved organic material. By these measures, Bio Bio is ready to meet new Chilean national discharge requirements well before they take effect in 2005. Most of our mills also have treatment facilities to remove contaminants from emissions to air.
Particulate from boilers is the main cause of local emissions to the air from Norske Skog's paper mills. Apart from Bio Bio in Chile, all the mills have filters that keep these emissions at very low levels. At present, Bio Bio is not subject to requirements limiting boiler particulate emissions. However, the mill has decided to invest in a new electrostatic filter to reduce emissions by 2005.
Due to the global geographic spread of our mills, our production operations are subject to a variety of environmental regulations at all levels of government. We have established a written policy regarding the environment which recognizes the environmental responsibility connected with industrial activity. We believe our operations are in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations.
As part of our environmental policy, it is our aim that all of our production units should have certified environmental management systems. At present, eight of our 14 mills are certified in accordance with the ISO 14001 standard. The remaining mills are in the process of pursuing such certification and we anticipate receiving such certification before the end of 2003.
Our partly-owned mills in NorskeCanada and PanAsia operate in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations. All NorskeCanada mills have environmental management systems according to the ISO 14001 standard. Our implementation of the above-described measures has led to further improvements in our overall environmental situation in 2002 and the first half of 2003.
Research and Development
We have given research and development a high priority in recent years. As part of the Improvement 2003 process our research and development group in Australasia was merged with our research and development group in Europe. We have increased staffing in our research and development group, particularly with people having production experience. Our research and development group now consists of approximately 60 employees. We have groups of research experts at ten of our paper mills and at our headquarters in Oslo. The research and development activities have been organized to optimize cooperation with production personnel and to be in close proximity to the operations of our mills.
We have specialists in the areas of fiber technology, paper production and characterisation, process chemistry, surface coating and runnability and printability of our products at our customers' printshops. Our experts work closely with our customers and suppliers and with research institutes and universities around the world. In recent years, we have also focused on the use of recovered paper and in particular on the environmental impacts of the raw materials, processes and products that are used at our mills.
