The PanAsia joint venture partners are party to a shareholders agreement which provides that if any joint venture partner makes an acquisition of a business that produces publication papers within the ''Market Area'' of PanAsia (as defined in the shareholders agreement), PanAsia has the right to acquire these assets. The Market Area generally includes the AsiaPacific region and the Indian subcontinent, but does not include Australia or New Zealand. Our interest in Malaysian Newsprint Industries is affected by this provision. PanAsia has an ongoing right to purchase our shares in Malaysian Newsprint Industries at an agreed price.
Prior to the reorganization of NorskeCanada in 2001, we owned 50.8% of its shares. Since the acquisition of Pacifica Papers in August 2001 and an equity issue in May 2002, we now own 30.6% of the shares of NorskeCanada. We continue to be able to nominate and elect three directors to the board of directors of NorskeCanada, of which one serves as chairman. Our aim is to benefit from our future relationship with NorskeCanada through strategic alliances in areas such as supply and procurement, sales and marketing, and production and joint product development.
Malaysian Newsprint Industries
We own 33.65% of Malaysian Newsprint Industries, with the balance owned by three Malaysian groups, two of which are publishers. We acquired our share of Malaysian Newsprint Industries as part of the acquisition of Fletcher Challenge Paper in July 2000. We have three seats on the Board of Directors. The Hong Leong group of Malaysia provides management services to Malaysian Newsprint Industries. We are the only publication paper producer with a significant interest in Malaysian Newsprint Industries. Malaysian Newsprint Industries is the only domestic newsprint producer in Malaysia and sells most of it output to Malaysia and Singapore. The company's single paper machine mill started operations in 1999 and has an annual production capacity of 250,000 metric tonnes.
58
Transportation
We typically transport our products by various means, including by sea, truck and rail. We ship products from our Norwegian mills primarily using coastline ports which are equipped with modern deep sea docks. Products from our other European mills are transported and distributed on the European continent primarily by truck.
Paper produced by our operations in Australasia and South America is almost all sold domestically and is therefore generally transported by truck and rail.
Generally, PanAsia transports its domestic production by truck or ship and its international production by a combination of rail, truck and ship.
