Status of the Notes .. .
Negative Pledge ....... . Each tranche of the notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in ''Terms and Conditions of the Notes--Condition 3 (Limitation on Liens)''.
Cross Default ................ . Each tranche of the notes will have the benefit of a cross default clause as described in ''Terms and Conditions of the Notes-- Condition 10 (Events o f Default)''.
Governing Law ........... . Each tranche of the notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with New York law.
Selling Restrictions . . . .
The notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities law and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except to ''Qualified Institutional Buyers'' in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A or otherwise pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration require ments of the Securities Act. The offer, sale and delivery of notes is also subject to certain restrictions in the United Kingdom and Norway. See ''Form of Notes and Transfer Restrictions" and ''Plan of Distribution''.
Further Issues ................ .
We may from time to time without notice to or the consent of the holders of the 2015 notes create and issue additional notes ranking equally and ratably with the 2015 notes in all respects, so that such additional notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 2015 notes and shall have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the 2015 notes (except in relation to the first payment of interest).
We may from time to time without notice to or the consent of the holders of the 2033 notes create and issue additional notes ranking equally and ratably with the 2033 notes in all respects, so that such additional notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 2033 notes and shall have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the
