Paper produced by our operations in Australasia and South America is almost all sold domestically and is therefore generally transported by truck and rail.
Energy
Energy is one of our most significant input factors, accounting for 26.0% of our variable production costs in the first half of 2003 and 26.2% of our variable production costs in 2002.
Europe
The total energy costs of our European operations was approximately NOK1,614 million in 2002 or approximately 26.9% of our variable costs. In Norway, we have entered into contracts securing all of our energy requirements up to 2010 and 95% of those requirements from 2010 to 2020. This long-term contract has limited price flexibility and therefore reduces cost variations associated with changing electricity prices. We obtained 100% of our energy requirements in Norway in 2002 through hydro power plants. Our operations in France obtain their energy requirements from foreign suppliers, while our operations in the Czech Republic obtain their energy requirements from domestic suppliers. Our operations in Austria own a natural gas fired co-generation plant. Our operations in Germany obtain their energy requirements from domestic suppliers and our operations in The Netherlands also obtain their energy requirements from a domestic supplier.
South America
Our operations in South America source most of their energy needs from the burning of waste wood and also from purchased electricity. PISA has a long-term electricity supply contract extending through 2006 and Bio Bio has an electricity supply agreement extending through 2008. In Chile, 20% of the electricity is produced from onsite generation.
Australasia
The main energy sources used in New Zealand are electrical energy, geothermal energy, natural gas and energy generated from the chemical recovery process and sawmill waste. The Tasman mill presently satisfies approximately 85% of its electricity needs through a series of hedge contracts with terms from three months to three years, and purchases the remainder of its electricity at spot prices. The main energy sources of the Australian mills are natural gas, fuel oil, coal and electricity. The Boyer mill has a long-term electricity supply contract through 2004 and the Albury mill has a long-term electricity supply contract which runs until 2007.
