Senior Vice President, Sales & Marketing Senior Vice President, Supply & Logistics Executive Vice President, Norske Skog Australasia Executive Vice President, Norske Skog South America
Hvalstad, Norway Oslo, Norway
Jar, Norway Stabekk, Norway Asker, Norway Asker, Norway Sydney, Australia Curitiba, Brazil
Jan Reinas. Mr. Reinas has been employed by us since 1994. In 1970 he graduated with a degree in business economics, with an additional qualification in planning, rationalization and
62
logistics, and subsequently completed the executive MBA program at INSEAD. Mr. Reinas worked at a number of transport firms in Norway before joining the airline, SAS in 1987, becoming Managing Director of SAS Norway in 1990 and the SAS group's Chief Executive Officer in 1993. Mr. Reinas is a member of the Board of Directors of the Schibsted Group, a member of the Supervisory Board of SAS and a member of the Board of the Confederation of European Paper Industry. Mr. Reinas has also been Chairman of Sparebanken Midt-Norge, the national Norwegian Postal Administration and the Norwegian State Railways.
Jan A. Oksum. Mr. Oksum has been employed by us since 1979. Mr. Oksum graduated from the Norwegian Institute of Technology with a masters' degree in pulp and paper technology. In 1974 he became a research associate at the Pulp and Paper Research Institute of Norway. In 1979 Mr. Oksum joined Norske Skog Skogn and worked as a process engineer, assistant production manager and production manager. In 1986 he joined our Golbey newsprint mill in France where he worked as technical manager and then general manager, before being appointed a Vice President in our corporate research and development division in 1997. Mr. Oksum was appointed Senior Vice President of what was then our area pulp and magazine paper division in 1997 and Executive Vice President of our business development division in 1999. Following our reorganization, Mr. Oksum became responsible for our business area, Partially Owned Companies.
Jan L. Kildal. Mr. Kildal has been employed by us since 1995. Mr. Kildal graduated from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration with a degree in business administration. Mr. Kildal joined Glomfjord Fabrikker, Norsk Hydro in 1976, where he worked as chief accountant, finance manager and human resources manager. In 1983, he became a department manager at Norsk Hydro and was appointed financial director of Denofa Lilleborg in 1985. In 1989, Mr. Kildal became financial director and Chief Financial Officer at Orkla, joining us as Chief Financial Officer in 1995. Mr. Kildal is also a Board member of Storebrand Livsforsikring AS and a deputy member of the Board of Representatives of both Storebrand and Den Norske Bank.
Rolf Negard. Mr. Negard has been employed by us since 1994. Mr. Negard holds a law degree from Oslo University. Prior to joining Norske Skog, Mr. Negard was a lawyer and negotiating manager with the Federation of Norwegian Process Industries from 1990 to 1994. In 1994, Mr. Negard joined Norske Skog as human resources manager. Mr. Negard was human resources director from 1996-2002, becoming Senior Vice President of our human resources and organization division in 2002.
