Vidar Lerstad. Mr. Lerstad has been employed by Norske Skog since 1989. In 1970, Mr. Lerstad graduated from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration with an MBA. From 1970-1974, Mr. Lerstad worked for Norsk Hydro and in 1975 he became an adviser and commercial attache with the Norwegian Trade Council in Oslo and Brussels. Mr. Lerstad joined Tandberg in 1980, before leaving to join Ciments du Togo Scancem, West Africa as Managing Director in 1984. In 1989 Mr. Lerstad became Managing Director of our Golbey newsprint mill in France, before becoming Managing Director responsible for sales in 1994. Mr. Lerstad became Senior Vice President of our sales and marketing division in 1996, before becoming President of what was then known as area international in 1999. Mr. Lerstad was President of our Asian operations until November 2001. In February 2002, he became President of our South American operations and is currently Executive Vice President, South America.
The Nomination Committee is comprised of four members consisting of the Chairman of the Corporate Assembly and three members elected by the general meeting. Currently, the Nomination Committee consists of Ivar B. Korsbakken, Idar Kreutzer, Bjørn Kristoffersen and Helge Evju. The Nomination Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Corporate Assembly and each member is elected for a one year term. The responsibilities of this committee are the selection and nomination of members to the Corporate Assembly and the Board of Directors. It also presents proposals to the Corporate Assembly regarding fees for serving on the Corporate Assembly and Board of Directors.
64
Terms and Conditions of the Notes
The following (subject to completion and amendment) is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which (except for text in italics) will be endorsed on each note and, unless otherwise indicated, is applicable to both the 2015 Notes and the 2033 Notes.
For the 2015 Notes:
The U.S.$200,000,000 6.125% Notes due 2015 (the ''Notes'', which expression includes any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further issues) and forming a single series therewith) of Norske Skogindustrier ASA (the ''Issuer'') are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated October 2, 2003 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the ''Agency Agreement'') between the Issuer, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as fiscal agent (the ''Fiscal Agent''), JPMorgan Chase Bank, as registrar (the ''Registrar'') and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the ''Paying Agents'') and the transfer agents (the ''Transfer Agents''). The Registrar, Paying Agents and Transfer Agents are together referred to as the ''Agents'', which expression and each of which definitions encompassed thereby include any successor agents appointed in these capacities from time to time in connection with the Notes. Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the ''Noteholders'') are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
For the 2033 Notes:
The U.S.$200,000,000 7.125% Notes due 2033 (the ''Notes'', which expression includes any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further issues) and forming a single series therewith) of Norske Skogindustrier ASA (the ''Issuer'') are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated October 2, 2003 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the ''Agency Agreement'') between the Issuer, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as fiscal agent (the ''Fiscal Agent''), JPMorgan Chase Bank, as registrar (the ''Registrar'') and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the ''Paying Agents'') and the transfer agents (the ''Transfer Agents''). The Registrar, Paying Agents and Transfer Agents are together referred to as the ''Agents'', which expression and each of which definitions encompassed thereby include any successor agents appointed in these capacities from time to time in connection with the Notes. Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the ''Noteholders'') are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
