(a) Scheduled Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their principal amount on October 15, 2033, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments).
For the 2015 Notes and the 2033 Notes:
Any redemption made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(b) is hereinafter referred to as an ''Optional Redemption".
If the Issuer exercises an Optional Redemption, the following shall apply, as applicable.
(i) Selection o f Notes to be Redeemed in Part:
(A) If the Issuer is not redeeming all outstanding Notes, the Fiscal Agent shall select the Notes to be redeemed by lot or in another fair and reasonable manner chosen at the discretion of the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent shall make the selection from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption. The Fiscal Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer in writing of the Notes selected for redemption and, in the case of any Notes selected for partial redemption, the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed. In the event of a partial redemption by lot, the Fiscal Agent shall select the particular Notes to be redeemed not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the relevant Redemption Date from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption. The Issuer may redeem Notes in denominations of U.S.$1,000 only in whole. The Fiscal Agent may select for redemption portions (equal to U.S.$1,000 or any integral multiple of U.S.$1,000) of the principal of Notes that have denominations larger than U.S.$1,000;
72
(B) For all purposes of these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to Optional Redemption shall relate, in the case of any Note redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of that Note which has been or is to be redeemed.
(ii) Unredeemed Portions o f a Partially Redeemed Note: Upon surrender of a Note that is to be redeemed in part, the Issuer shall execute, and the Fiscal Agent shall authenticate and make available for delivery to the Noteholder of the Note at the expense of the Issuer, a new Note or Notes, of any authorized denomination as requested by the Noteholder, in an aggregate principal amount equal to, and in exchange for, the unredeemed portion of the principal of the Note surrendered, provided that each new Note will be in a principal amount of U.S.$1,000 or integral multiple of U.S.$1,000.
