(B) For all purposes of these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to Optional Redemption shall relate, in the case of any Note redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of that Note which has been or is to be redeemed.
In this Condition:
''business day'' means any day on which banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in New York City and, in the case of surrender of a Note Certificate, in the place in which the Note Certificate is surrendered;
''Comparable Treasury Issue'' means the United States Treasury security selected by the Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes;
''Comparable Treasury Price'' means the average of three Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations obtained by the Fiscal Agent for the Redemption Date;
''Independent Investment Banker'' means J. P. Morgan Securities Inc.;
''Redemption Date'' means, with respect to any redemption of Notes, the date of redemption with respect thereto;
''Reference Treasury Dealers'' means each of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J. P. Morgan Securities Inc. (in each case, so long as it continues to be a primary U.S. government securities dealer) and any two other primary U.S. government securities dealers chosen by the Issuer. If Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or J. P. Morgan Securities Inc. ceases to be a primary U.S. government securities dealer, the Issuer shall appoint in place of such firm another nationally recognized investment banking firm that is a primary U.S. government securities dealer;
''Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation'' means the average, as determined by the Fiscal Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Fiscal Agent by a Reference Treasury Dealer at 3:30 p.m., New York City time on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date;
