''Reference Treasury Dealers'' means each of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J. P. Morgan Securities Inc. (in each case, so long as it continues to be a primary U.S. government securities dealer) and any two other primary U.S. government securities dealers chosen by the Issuer. If Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or J. P. Morgan Securities Inc. ceases to be a primary U.S. government securities dealer, the Issuer shall appoint in place of such firm another nationally recognized investment banking firm that is a primary U.S. government securities dealer;
''Remaining Scheduled Payments'' means the remaining scheduled payments of the principal and interest that would be due after the Redemption Date of a Note if that Note were not redeemed; however, if the Redemption Date is not a scheduled interest payment date, the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment on that Note will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued on such Note to such Redemption Date;
73
''Treasury Rate'' means an annual rate equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price (as defined below) for the Redemption Date; the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity will be computed as of the third business day immediately preceding the Redemption Date.
(c) Redemption for Tax Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after September 29, 2003, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due.
Any redemption made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(c) is hereinafter referred to as a ''Tax Redemption''.
(d) Election to Redeem: Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent:
(i) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; or
(ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognized standing to the effect that (A) the Issuer's election to exercise an Optional Redemption or a Tax Redemption has been duly authorized and (B) in the case of a Tax Redemption, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay the additional amounts referred to in Condition 7(c) as a result of such change or amendment.
