(a) Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by U.S. dollar check drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee with, a bank in New York City and upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.
(c) Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.
(d) Payments on Business Days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar account, payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a business day, for value the next succeeding business day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by U.S. dollar check, the check will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a business day or (B) a check mailed in accordance with this Condition 8 (Payments) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.
(e) Partial Payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, the Issuer shall ensure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of a partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate.
76
(f) Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the ''Record Date''). Where payment in respect of a Note is to be made by check, the check will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date.
9. Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (''Taxes''), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (''Additional Amounts'') as will result in the receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note presented for payment:
(a) any such Tax which would not have been so imposed but for the existence of any present or former connection between such holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of such holder, if such Noteholder is an estate, a trust, a partnership or a corporation) and the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, including, without limitation, such Noteholder (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in a trade or business or present therein or having, or having had, a permanent establishment therein; or
