(c) Noteholder Meetings. The provisions of Clause 10 of the Agency Agreement shall govern the manner by which meetings of Noteholders are convened.
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. Holders should note that additional notes that are treated for non-tax purposes as a single series with the original notes may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such case, the new notes may be considered to have been issued with "original issue discount" (as defined under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the U.S. Treasury Regulations issued thereunder), which may affect the market value o f the original notes since such additional notes may not be distinguishable from the original notes.
82
16. Notices
Notices to the Noteholders will be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. In addition, so long as Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Exchange so require, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date of such mailing in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.
17. Provision of Information
The Issuer shall, during any period in which it is not subject to and in compliance with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the ''Exchange Act'') nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, duly provide to any Holder of a Note which is a ''restricted security'' within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act or to any prospective purchaser of such securities designated by such Holder, upon the written request of such Holder or (as the case may be) prospective Holder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Registrar, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.
18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) Governing Law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
