18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(b) Jurisdiction o f New York Courts: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of the State of New York and any United States federal court, in each case sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, New York, United States, shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceeding which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (''Proceedings'') and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts.
(c) Appropriate Forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts referred to in Condition 18(b) (Jurisdiction o f New York Courts) being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum.
(d) Process Agent: The Issuer has appointed CT Corporation System at 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10011, United States (or, if different, its principal place of business in the City of New York for the time being) as its authorized agent upon whom process may be served in any Proceedings in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York. If such person ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Issuer's behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, appoint a further person in The City of New York to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
83
(e) Judgment Currency: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any amount due under the Notes shall, notwithstanding any payment in any other currency (whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise), be discharged only to the extent of the amount in U.S. dollars that the person entitled to receive such payment may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase with the sum paid in such other currency (after any premium and costs of exchange) on the business day immediately following the day on which such person receives such payment. If the amount in U.S. dollars that may be so purchased for any reason falls short of the amount originally due, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts, in U.S. dollars, as may be necessary to compensate for such shortfall. Any obligation of the Issuer not discharged by such payment shall be due as a separate and independent obligation and until discharged as provided herein, shall continue in full force and effect. (f) Non-exclusivity: The submission to the personal jurisdiction of the courts referred to in Condition 18(b) (Jurisdiction o f New York Courts) shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent permitted by law. (g) Waiver o f Immunity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction and, in particular, to the intent that in any proceedings taken in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York the foregoing waiver of immunity shall have the fullest scope permitted under the United States Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 and is intended to be irrevocable for the purposes of such act.
84
Form of Notes and Transfer Restrictions
The following information relates to the forms o f transfer and delivery o f the notes. Because o f the following restrictions, purchasers o f notes offered in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer o f notes. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this section have the meanings provided in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes".
