Form of Notes and Transfer Restrictions
Form of Notes
All Notes will be in registered form, without interest coupons attached. Any 2015 Notes offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S (''2015 Unrestricted Notes'') will be represented by interests in a global registered note certificate (the ''2015 Unrestricted Global Note Certificate''). The 2015 Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. as a nominee for DTC and will be deposited on or about October 2, 2003 (the ''Closing Date'') with JPMorgan Chase Bank, as custodian for DTC (the ''DTC Custodian''). Any 2033 Notes offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S (''2033 Unrestricted Notes'' and, together with the 2015 Unrestricted Notes, the ''Unrestricted Notes'') will be represented by interests in a global registered note certificate (the ''2033 Unrestricted Global Note Certificate'' and, together with the 2015 Unrestricted Global Note Certificate, the ''Unrestricted Global Note Certificates''). The 2033 Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. as a nominee for DTC and will be deposited on or about October 2, 2003 (the ''Closing Date'') with JPMorgan Chase Bank, as custodian for DTC (the ''DTC Custodian'').
Any 2015 Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A (''2015 Restricted Notes'') will be represented by interests in a global registered note certificate (the ''2015 Restricted Global Note Certificate''). The 2015 Restricted Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC and will be deposited on or about the Closing Date with the DTC Custodian as custodian for DTC. 2033 Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A (''2033 Restricted Notes'' and, together with the 2015 Restricted Notes, the ''Restricted Notes'') will be represented by interest in a global registered note certificate (the ''2033 Restricted Global Note Certificate'' and, together with the 2015 Restricted Global Note Certificate, the ''Restricted Global Note Certificates''). The 2033 Restricted Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC and will be deposited on or about the Closing Date with the DTC Custodian as custodian for DTC. The Restricted Global Note Certificates (and any Individual Note Certificates issued in exchange therefor) will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer as described below under ''--Transfer Restrictions''.
Transfer Restrictions
On or prior to the fortieth day after the Closing Date, Notes represented by an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate may be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in such Restricted Global Note Certificate only upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in Schedule 7 (Form o f Transfer Certificate) to the relevant Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state
85
of the United States. After such fortieth day, such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfer, but such transfers will continue to be subject to the transfer restrictions contained in the legend appearing on the face of such Global Note Certificate, as described below under ''--Exchange of Interest in Global Note Certificates for Individual Note Certificates".
Notes represented by an interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificates may also be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate, but only upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in Schedule 7 (Form o f Transfer Certificate) to the relevant Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144 (if available) under the Securities Act.
