88
Payments of the principal of, interest on and any other amounts payable under each Global Note Certificate registered in the name of DTC's nominee will be made to or to the order of its nominee as the registered Holder of such Global Note Certificate. The Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such payment, will immediately credit DTC participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective interests in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note Certificate as shown on the records of DTC or the nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of interests in such Global Note Certificate held through such DTC participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such DTC participants. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent, any Transfer Agent or any Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of ownership interests in the Global Note Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests.
While a Global Note Certificate is lodged with DTC or its custodian, Notes represented by Individual Note Certificates will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear.
Transfer of Interests in Global Note Certificates
Transfer of interests in Global Note Certificates within DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system.
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in respect of their holdings of Notes. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Note Certificate to such persons will be limited. Because DTC only acts on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Global Note Certificate to pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing system or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of an Individual Note Certificate representing such interest.
89
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes described above and under ''Plan of Distribution", cross-market transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear account holders, on the other, will be effected in DTC in accordance with DTC rules and procedures and on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may be) Euroclear by its respective depositary. However, such cross market transactions will require delivery of instructions to Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may be) Euroclear by the counter party in such system in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines. Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may be) Euroclear will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its respective depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving beneficial interests in the relevant Global Note Certificate in DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders and Euroclear account holders may not deliver instructions directly to the depositaries for Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear.
Because of time zone differences, credits of Notes received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result of a transaction with a DTC participant will be made during the securities settlement processing day dated the business day following the DTC settlement date and such credits of any transactions in such securities settled during such processing will be reported to the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear account holder on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result of sales of Notes by or through a Clearstream, Luxembourg account holder or a Euroclear account holder to a DTC participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. Settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The arrangements for transfer of payments must be established separately from the arrangement for transfer of Notes, the latter being effected on a free delivery basis. The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders or between DTC participants are not effected.
