No Norwegian issue, tax or stamp duty is payable in connection with the issue or the transfer of the notes.
For individuals resident in Norway, the value of the notes is included when computing the Norwegian wealth tax. Norwegian limited liability companies and certain other companies in a similar position are not subject to wealth tax. Currently, the marginal wealth tax rate is 1.1% of the value assessed.
European Union
On June 3, 2003, the EU Council of Economic and Finance Ministers adopted a new directive regarding the taxation of savings income (Directive 2003/48/EC). The directive is scheduled to be applied by Member States from January 1, 2005, provided that certain non-EU countries adopt similar measures from the same date. Under the directive, each Member State will be required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a person within its jurisdiction to an individual resident in that other Member State; however, Austria, Belgium and Luxembourg may instead apply a withholding system for a transitional period in relation to such payments, deducting tax at rates rising over time to 35%. The transitional period is to commence on the date from which the directive is to be applied by Member States and to terminate at the end of the first fiscal year following agreement by certain non-EU countries to the exchange of information relating to such payments.
United States Federal Income Taxation
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and retirement of notes. This summary only applies to notes held as
92
capital assets and does not address aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be applicable to holders that are subject to special tax rules, such as financial institutions, insurance companies, real estate investment trusts, regulated investment companies, grantor trusts, tax-exempt organizations or dealers or traders in securities or currencies, or to holders that will hold a note as part of a position in a ''straddle'' or as part of a ''hedging'', ''conversion'' or ''integrated'' transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that have a ''functional currency'' other than the U.S. dollar. Moreover, this summary does not address the U.S. federal estate and gift or alternative minimum tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or retirement of notes and does not address the U.S. federal income tax treatment of holders that do not acquire notes as part of the initial distribution at their initial issue price. Each prospective purchaser should consult its tax advisor with respect to the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of notes.
This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, existing and proposed Treasury Regulations, administrative pronouncements and judicial decisions, each as available and in effect on the date hereof. All of the foregoing are subject to change (possibly with retroactive effect) or differing interpretations which could affect the tax consequences described herein.
