capital assets and does not address aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be applicable to holders that are subject to special tax rules, such as financial institutions, insurance companies, real estate investment trusts, regulated investment companies, grantor trusts, tax-exempt organizations or dealers or traders in securities or currencies, or to holders that will hold a note as part of a position in a ''straddle'' or as part of a ''hedging'', ''conversion'' or ''integrated'' transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that have a ''functional currency'' other than the U.S. dollar. Moreover, this summary does not address the U.S. federal estate and gift or alternative minimum tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or retirement of notes and does not address the U.S. federal income tax treatment of holders that do not acquire notes as part of the initial distribution at their initial issue price. Each prospective purchaser should consult its tax advisor with respect to the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of notes.
For purposes of this summary, a ''U.S. Holder'' is a beneficial owner of notes who for U.S. federal income tax purposes is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation or partnership organized in or under the laws of the United States or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia); (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (iv) a trust (1) that validly elects to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (2)(a) the administration over which a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision and (b) all of the substantial decisions of which one or more United States persons have the authority to control. A ''Non-U.S. Holder'' is a beneficial owner of notes other than a U.S. Holder.
If a partnership (or any other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds notes, the tax treatment of the partnership and a partner in such partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Such partner or partnership should consult its own tax advisor as to its consequences.
Interest
Interest paid on a note will be includible in a U.S. Holder's gross income as ordinary interest income in accordance with the U.S. Holder's usual method of tax accounting. Interest on the notes will be treated as foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event Additional Amounts are paid to a U.S. Holder due to the imposition of Norwegian withholding taxes, a U.S. Holder will be treated as having actually received the amount of Norwegian withholding taxes withheld with respect to the notes and as then having paid over such withheld taxes to the Norwegian taxing authorities. In such case, the amount of interest income included by a U.S. Holder in gross income for United States federal income tax purposes with respect to an interest payment may exceed the amount of cash actually received by the U.S. Holder with respect to such payment. Subject to certain limitations, a U.S. Holder generally will be entitled to a credit against its U.S. federal income tax liability, or a deduction in computing its U.S. federal income, for the Norwegian withholding taxes withheld or paid with respect to the note. For U.S. foreign tax credit limitation purposes, interest on the notes generally will constitute ''passive income'', or, in the case of certain U.S. Holders, ''financial services income.''
93
Subject to the discussion below under the caption ''U.S. Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting'', payments of interest on a note to a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless such income is effectively connected with the conduct by such Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the United States.
Sale, Exchange or Retirement
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a note, a U.S. Holder will recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the amount realized on the sale, exchange or retirement (other than accrued but unpaid interest which may be taxable as such) and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in such note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a note generally will equal the cost of such note to the Holder. Any such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss. In the case of a non-corporate U.S. Holder, the maximum marginal U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to such gain will be lower than the maximum marginal U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to ordinary income (other than certain dividends) if such U.S. Holder's holding period for such notes exceeds one year. Any gain or loss realized on the sale, exchange or retirement of a note generally will be treated as U.S. source gain or loss, as the case may be.
