Sale, Exchange or Retirement
Subject to the discussion below under the caption ''U.S. Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting'', any gain realized by a Non-U.S. Holder upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a note generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless (i) such gain is effectively connected with the conduct by such Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the United States or (ii) in the case of any gain realized by an individual Non-U.S. Holder, such holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of such sale, exchange or retirement and certain other conditions are met.
U.S. Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting
Backup withholding tax and information reporting requirements apply to certain payments of principal of, and interest on, an obligation and to proceeds of the sale or redemption of an obligation, to certain noncorporate holders of notes that are United States persons. The payor will be required to withhold backup withholding tax within the United States on a note to a holder of a note that is a United States person (other than an ''exempt recipient'', such as a corporation) if such holder fails to furnish its correct taxpayer identification number or otherwise fails to comply with, or establish an exemption from, such backup withholding requirements. Payments within the United States of principal and interest to a holder of a note that is not a United States person will not be subject to backup withholding tax and information reporting requirements if an appropriate certification is provided by the holder (with appropriate attachments from the beneficial owners in the case of certain pass-through entities) to the payor and the payor does not have actual knowledge or a reason to know that the certificate is false. The backup withholding tax rate is 28% for years 2003 through 2010. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability.
THE ABOVE SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP OF NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS CONCERNING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS.
94
Employee Benefit Plan Considerations
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (''ERISA''), imposes certain requirements on ''employee benefit plans'' (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to ERISA, including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of such plans (collectively, ''ERISA Plans'') and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, including the requirement of investment prudence and diversification and the requirement that an ERISA Plan's investments be made in accordance with the documents governing the ERISA Plan.
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ''Code'') prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan (as well as those plans that are not subject to ERISA but which are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts (together with ERISA Plans, ''Plans'')) and certain persons (referred to as ''parties in interest'' or ''disqualified persons'') having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A violation of these ''prohibited transaction'' rules may result in an excise tax, penalty or other liabilities under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code for such persons.
