The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (''ERISA''), imposes certain requirements on ''employee benefit plans'' (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to ERISA, including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of such plans (collectively, ''ERISA Plans'') and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, including the requirement of investment prudence and diversification and the requirement that an ERISA Plan's investments be made in accordance with the documents governing the ERISA Plan.
Prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may arise if any notes are acquired by a Plan with respect to which any of the company, the transfer agents or the Luxembourg listing agent or any of their respective affiliates are a party in interest or a disqualified person. Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire notes and the circumstances under which such decision is made. There can be no assurance that any exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the notes, or that, if an exemption is available, it will cover all aspects of any particular transaction. By its purchase of any notes, whether in the case of the initial purchase or in the case of a subsequent transfer, the purchaser or holder thereof will be deemed to have represented and agreed either that (i) it is not and for so long as it holds notes will not be an ERISA Plan or other Plan, an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of any such ERISA Plan or other Plan, or a governmental or other employee benefit plan which is subject to any U.S. federal, state or local law, or foreign law, that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or (ii) its purchase, holding and disposition of the notes will not result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of such a governmental or other employee benefit plan, any such substantially similar U.S. federal, state or local law, or foreign law) for which an exemption is not available.
Governmental plans and certain church and other plans, while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the provisions of Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to state or other federal or foreign laws that are substantially similar to ERISA and the Code. Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing any Notes.
Any insurance company proposing to invest assets of its general account in the Notes should consider the implications of the United States Supreme Court's decision in John Hancock
95
Mutual Life Insurance Co. v. Harris Trust and Savings Bank, 510 U.S. 86 (1993), which, in certain circumstances, treats the assets of an insurance company's general account as assets of Plans that own policies or other contracts with the insurance company, as well as the effect of Section 401(c) of ERISA as interpreted by regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Labor (the ''DOL'') in January 2000 and the extent to which exemptive relief under prohibited transaction class exemption 95-60 issued by the DOL will apply to such investment. The foregoing discussion is general in nature and not intended to be all-inclusive. Any Plan fiduciary who proposes to cause a Plan to purchase any Notes should consult with its counsel regarding the applicability of the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code to such an investment, and to confirm that such investment will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction or any other violation of an applicable requirement of ERISA. The sale of notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the company, any transfer agents or the Luxembourg listing agent that such an investment meets all relevant requirements with respect to investments by Plans generally or any particular Plan, or that such an investment is appropriate for Plans generally or any particular Plan.
96
Plan of Distribution
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. are acting as joint bookrunning managers of the offering and as representatives of the initial purchasers named below. Subject to the terms and conditions stated in the purchase agreement dated the date of this offering memorandum, each initial purchaser named below has agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, and we have agreed to sell to that initial purchaser, the principal amount of the notes set forth opposite the initial purchaser's name.
