2033 Notes $ 88,000,000 $ 88,000,000 $ 8,000,000 $ 8,000,000 $ 8,000,000
The purchase price for the 2015 notes will be the initial offering price set forth on the cover page of this offering memorandum less an underwriting discount of 0.55% of the principal amount of the 2015 notes purchased. The purchase price for the 2033 notes will be the initial offering price set forth on the cover page of this offering memorandum less an underwriting discount of 0.825% of the principal amount of the 2033 notes purchased.
The purchase agreement provides that the obligations of the initial purchasers to purchase the notes are subject to approval of legal matters by counsel and to other conditions. The initial purchasers must purchase all the notes if they purchase any of the notes.
We have been advised that the initial purchasers propose to resell the 2015 notes and the 2033 notes at the respective offering prices set forth on the cover page of this offering memorandum within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A) in reliance on Rule 144A and outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. See ''Form of Notes and Transfer Restrictions''. The price at which the notes are offered may be changed at any time without notice.
Each tranche of notes will constitute a new class of securities with no established trading market. Application has been made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. We cannot assure you that the prices at which either tranche of notes will sell in the market after this offering will not be lower than the initial offering price or that an active trading market for either tranche of notes will develop and continue after this offering. The initial purchasers have advised us that they currently intend to make a market in the notes. However, they are not obligated to do so and any market-making activities with respect to either tranche of notes may be discontinued at any time without notice. In addition, such market-making activity will be subject to the limits imposed by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Accordingly, we cannot assure you as to the liquidity of or the trading market for either tranche of notes.
In connection with this offering, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., on behalf of the initial purchasers, may purchase and sell notes in the open market. These transactions may include over-allotment, covering transactions and stabilizing transactions.
97
Over-allotment involves sales of notes in excess of the principal amount of notes to be purchased by the initial purchasers in this offering, which creates a short position for the initial purchasers. Covering transactions involve purchases of the notes in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions. Stabilizing transactions consist of certain bids or purchases of notes made for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the notes while the offering is in progress. Any of these activities may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the notes. They may also cause the price of either tranche of the notes to be higher than the price that otherwise would exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The initial purchasers may conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. If the initial purchasers commence any of these transactions, they may discontinue them at any time.
The initial purchasers have performed certain investment banking and advisory services for us from time to time for which they received customary fees and expenses. The initial purchasers may, from time to time, engage in transactions with and perform services for us in the ordinary course of their businesses.
