Over-allotment involves sales of notes in excess of the principal amount of notes to be purchased by the initial purchasers in this offering, which creates a short position for the initial purchasers. Covering transactions involve purchases of the notes in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions. Stabilizing transactions consist of certain bids or purchases of notes made for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the notes while the offering is in progress. Any of these activities may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the notes. They may also cause the price of either tranche of the notes to be higher than the price that otherwise would exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The initial purchasers may conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. If the initial purchasers commence any of these transactions, they may discontinue them at any time.
We have agreed to indemnify the initial purchasers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments that the initial purchasers may be required to make in respect of any of those liabilities.
We have been advised that the initial purchasers may make the notes available for distribution on the Internet through a third-party system operated by Market Axess Inc., an Internet-based communications technology provider. We have also been advised by the initial purchasers that Market Axess Inc. is providing the system as a conduit for communications between the initial purchasers and their respective customers and is not a party to any transactions. We have also been advised by the initial purchasers that Market Axess Inc. is a registered broker-dealer and will receive compensation from the initial purchasers based on transactions conducted through the system. We have been advised by the initial purchasers that they will make the notes available to their respective customers through the Internet on the same terms as distributions of the notes made through other channels. Information on any Web site not included in this offering memorandum is not a part of this offering memorandum.
Selling Restrictions
United States
The notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See ''Form of Notes and Transfer Restrictions''.
Accordingly, in connection with sales outside the United States each initial purchaser has agreed that, except as permitted by the purchase agreement and as set forth in ''Form of Notes and Transfer Restrictions'', it will not offer or sell the notes within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (i) as a part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells notes during the 40-day restricted period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the notes within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons.
98
In a d d itio n , u n til 40 days a fte r th e c o m m e n c e m e n t o f th is o ffe rin g , an o ffe r o r sale o f n o tes w ith in th e U n ite d S ta te s by a d e a le r t h a t is n o t p a rtic ip a tin g in th is o ffe rin g m ay v io la te th e re g is tra tio n re q u ire m e n ts o f th e S e cu ritie s A c t if t h a t o ffe r o r sale is m a d e o th e rw is e th a n in accordance w ith Rule 144A.
