102
Our annual and interim financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principals generally accepted in Norway (''Norwegian GAAP''). Norwegian GAAP differs in certain aspects from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (''U.S. GAAP'').
The following paragraphs summarize certain differences between Norwegian GAAP and U.S. GAAP that could be significant to the presentation of our financial position and results of operations as of June 30, 2003, and the years ending December 31, 2002 and 2001. We cannot offer any assurances that the differences described below would give rise to the most material differences between our financial statements were they to have been prepared under U.S. GAAP. In addition, we cannot estimate the net effect that applying U.S. GAAP would have on our financial position or results of operations, or any component thereof, in any of the presentations of financial information that have been included in this offering memorandum. However, the effect of such differences may be, individually or in the aggregate, material and, in particular, it may be that the amounts of net income and shareholders' equity prepared on the basis of U.S. GAAP would be materially different than the amounts of net income and shareholders' equity prepared on the basis of Norwegian GAAP. The following summary may not include all differences that exist between Norwegian GAAP and U.S. GAAP. No attempt has been made to identify all disclosure, presentation or classification differences that would affect the manner in which transactions and events are presented in this offering memorandum.
The organizations that promulgate U.S. GAAP have ongoing projects that could have a significant impact on future comparisons between U.S. GAAP and Norwegian GAAP. For example, U.S. Statements on Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 150 ''Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity'', SFAS No. 149 ''Amendment of Statement 133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" and Financial Interpretation No. 46 ''Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities'' issued in 2003 with effective dates after June 30, 2003 could result in further significant differences between U.S. GAAP and Norwegian GAAP. Furthermore, certain U.S. standards, in particular SFAS No. 141 ''Business Combinations", SFAS No. 142 ''Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets'', SFAS No. 143 "Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations'', SFAS No. 144 ''Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets'' and Financial Interpretation No. 45 ''Guarantor's Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others'' were issued in 2001 or 2002 and are therefore not effective for the entire period for which comparatives are presented.
Business Combinations
According to U.S. GAAP, business combinations are required to be accounted for by the purchase method. The pooling-of-interests method is not allowed under U.S. GAAP. According to Norwegian GAAP, business combinations in which no acquiring party can be identified should be accounted for by the pooling-of-interests method.
Earlier Norwegian legislation, in force up to 1998, allowed for all mergers, regardless of substance, to be accounted for under the pooling-of-interests method in Norway. Our financial statements have not been restated for the effect, if any, of accounting for acquisitions as pooling-of-interest combinations.
103
According to Norwegian GAAP, assets and liabilities other than goodwill are measured at their fair values as of the date of acquisition and the minority interest is stated at the minority's proportion of the fair values. According to U.S. GAAP, the acquirer's interest in the assets and liabilities is measured at fair value and the minority's proportion is measured at pre-acquisition carrying amounts.
