103
The rules regulating recognition of restructuring provisions at the date of acquisition are more flexible under Norwegian GAAP than U.S. GAAP and under certain circumstances provisions recognized according to Norwegian GAAP are not allowed under U.S. GAAP.
Negative Goodwill
Negative goodwill is the excess that arises when the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the cost of the acquired entity. Under U.S. GAAP, negative goodwill should be allocated to reduce proportionately the values assigned to the acquired assets, including research and development assets acquired and charged to expense, except (a) financial assets other than equity accounted investments, (b) assets to be disposed of by sale, (c) deferred tax assets, (d) prepaid assets relating to pension or other post-retirement benefit plans, and (e) any other current assets. Any remainder should be recognized as an extraordinary gain.
Under Norwegian GAAP, negative goodwill should be classified as goodwill (reduction of asset) and amortized systematically over the average life of tangible fixed assets, unless it can be assigned to expected future losses or restructuring expenses that do not qualify for recognition at acquisition. Such negative goodwill should be amortized when these losses or expenses are incurred.
Goodwill and Identifiable Intangibles
According to U.S. GAAP, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized. Goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives must be tested at least annually for impairment. Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their useful lives, but without the constraint of an arbitrary ceiling. Under Norwegian GAAP, goodwill and intangible assets are amortized, with no limitation as to the amortization period. However, amortization of goodwill or intangible assets of more than 20 years is unusual.
Joint Ventures
Under U.S. GAAP, joint ventures should be accounted for by the equity method. Under Norwegian GAAP, joint ventures should be accounted for by the equity method or the proportional method. Under the proportional method, assets, liabilities, equity, income and expenses are consolidated line-by-line on a proportional basis. We use the proportional method for our joint ventures.
