Joint Ventures
Derivative Instruments and Foreign Currency Hedging
In 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS No. 133, ''Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities'', which was subsequently amended by SFAS No. 137, SFAS No. 138, SFAS No. 149 and SFAS No 150. SFAS No. 133 is mandatory for all fiscal quarters of all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000.
104
SFAS No. 133 must be applied to derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contacts. It requires that such instruments be recognized in the balance sheet as either an asset or liability and measured at fair value. SFAS No. 133 requires that changes in the derivative's fair value be recognized currently in earnings unless special hedge accounting criteria are met.
SFAS No. 133 allows special hedge accounting for fair value and cash flow hedges. SFAS No. 133 requires that the gain or loss on the fair market value of a derivative instrument designated and qualifying as a fair value hedging instrument as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the fair market value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk be recognized currently in earnings in the same accounting period. SFAS No. 133 requires that the effective portion of the gain or loss on a derivative instrument designated and qualifying as a cash flow hedge be reported as a component of other comprehensive income and be reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The remaining gain or loss (i.e. the ineffective portion), if any, must be recognized currently in earnings. Any portion of a change in the fair value of a derivative that qualifies as a cash flow hedge which the issuer has elected to exclude from its measurement of effectiveness, such as the change in time value of option contracts, must be recorded immediately in earnings.
Under Norwegian GAAP, no specific accounting standards regarding the accounting recognition for financial instruments exists and, unless used in hedging, cost accounting should be applied.
Foreign Currency Translation
Under U.S. GAAP, the profit and loss account of a foreign subsidiary whose functional currency is different from that of the parent is translated at an appropriate weighted average exchange rate. Under Norwegian GAAP, the profit and loss accounts of foreign subsidiaries that are regarded as an integral part of the parent company's activities are translated at the average exchange rate for the year, except for the cost of materials and depreciation, which are translated at the rate on the transaction date.
