are certain specific exceptions where restatement is required for certain changes. According to Norwegian GAAP, changes in accounting policies require restatement of prior periods if the effect is material.
Under U.S. GAAP and Norwegian GAAP, timber and timberlands are stated at cost less accumulated depletion for timber previously harvested. Costs attributable to timber harvested, or depletion, are charged against income as trees are cut. Under Norwegian GAAP, reforestation costs are expensed as incurred.
Asset Retirement Obligations
Under U.S. GAAP an entity should recognize the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which it is incurred. The entity should capitalize an asset retirement cost as an addition to the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset and allocate the cost to expense using a systematic and rational method over its useful life. An asset retirement obligation is a legal obligation associated with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset that results from the acquisition, construction, or development and (or) the normal operation of a long-lived asset. The fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is the amount at which that liability could be settled in a current transaction between willing parties. Subsequent changes resulting from revisions to the timing or amount of the original estimate of the fair value of the liability should be recognized.
Under Norwegian GAAP asset retirement or decommissioning costs are those costs that arise from plant and equipment that have to be dismantled at the end of their life. Norwegian GAAP allows for three possible accounting treatments, with the third listed as the preferred alternative: (1) Gradually build the provision over the estimated economic life of the installation; (2) The present value of the decommissioning costs is taken into the depreciation plan so that the carrying value at the end of the economic life is negative; or (3) The present value of the decommissioning costs is added to the corresponding asset's cost and a corresponding contingency is made.
Income Taxes
Under U.S. GAAP, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are classified as current and non-current, on the basis of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Under Norwegian GAAP, deferred tax assets and liabilities are always shown as on a net basis as either a non current deferred tax asset or a non-current deferred tax liability.
Under Norwegian GAAP, deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from business combinations can be recorded at their present value. Under U.S. GAAP, discounting of deferred tax assets and liabilities is not permitted.
Financial Investments
