Jan Reinas President and CEO
Consolidated accounts
The consolidated accounts are presented in accordance with Norwegian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, and are presented in NOK million if not stated otherwise.
The consolidated accounts include the activities of the parent company, Norske Skogindustrier ASA, and its subsidiaries as one financial unit based on the accounting principles as described below. All intercompany transactions are eliminated from the consolidated accounts. Gains and losses arising from transactions between group companies are also eliminated.
Companies in which Norske Skog has a controlling interest are fully included in the consolidated accounts. In the case where subsidiaries are not wholly owned, minority interests are deducted and shown as separate items in the profit & loss account and in the balance sheet. The subsidiaries are consolidated into the consolidated accounts from the date Norske Skog obtains control over the subsidiary. Shares in subsidiaries are eliminated according to the purchase method. That is, the cost of the acquisition of the shares is allocated to the subsidiary's assets and liabilities, which are entered in the consolidated accounts at the fair value at the time of purchase. Cost of acquisition in excess of the fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities is entered as goodwill in the balance sheet.
The equity method is used for affiliated companies. Affiliates are those companies in which Norske Skog has a substantial, but not a controlling interest. The equity method requires that the Group's share of the affiliate's profit or loss after tax is shown on a separate line in the profit & loss account, whilst its share of the affiliate's equity, adjusted for fair value, is classified as fixed asset in the balance sheet.
Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using proportionate consolidation. The share of income, expenses, assets, liabilities and cash-flow is recognised line by line in the consolidated accounts. Joint ventures are business activities that Norske Skog runs in co-operation with one or more participants. The business is regulated by an agreement between the participants. Joint venture implies that no participant has a majority interest in the business.
Most of the foreign subsidiaries in the Group's accounts are classified as independent entities. On consolidation of the independent foreign subsidiaries, balance sheet items are translated at the year-end exchange rate. Profit & loss items are translated at the average exchange rate for the year. The translation difference is entered as an adjustment to consolidated equity.
Other foreign subsidiaries are classified as an integral part of the parent company's operations. On consolidation of foreign subsidiaries that are regarded as an integral part of the parent company's activities, monetary items are translated at the year-end exchange rate. Non monetary items are translated at the exchange rate on the transaction date. Profit & loss account items are translated at the average exchange rate for the year, except for cost of materials and depreciation, which are translated at the rate on the transaction date. The translation difference is presented as a financial item in the profit & loss account.
