Most of the foreign subsidiaries in the Group's accounts are classified as independent entities. On consolidation of the independent foreign subsidiaries, balance sheet items are translated at the year-end exchange rate. Profit & loss items are translated at the average exchange rate for the year. The translation difference is entered as an adjustment to consolidated equity.
Operating revenues
All sales are recognised as revenues at the time of delivery to the customer. Operating revenue is the gross operating revenue less commissions, rebates and other direct price reductions.
F-6
Notes to the Norske Skogindustrier ASA Consolidated Financial Statements -- (Continued)
Classifications in the balance sheet
Assets and liabilities linked with the flow of goods are classified as current assets and liabilities. Other assets are classified as fixed assets when the company intends to keep them for continued use or ownership. Liabilities that fall due for payment later than one year after the balance sheet date are classified as long term liabilities. Other assets and liabilities are classified as current assets and current liabilities.
Assets and liabilities in foreign currencies
Unhedged assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated into NOK at the year-end exchange rate. Balance sheet items in foreign currencies that are hedged by financial instruments are entered at the hedging exchange rate. Balance sheet items in foreign currencies that hedge against each other are entered at the year-end exchange rate. Gain and loss due to changes in currency rates on debt in foreign currency that is regarded as a hedge of the value of an independent subsidiary in foreign currency is booked against equity, together with the translation difference arising from the translation of the subsidiary. Gain and loss due to changes in currency rates on balance sheet items related to operations is included in the operating profit. Gain and loss due to changes in currency rates on other balance sheet items is classified as financial item.
