Research and development costs are expensed as they are incurred and are classified as operating costs.
Leasing contracts are assessed as financial or operational leasing after an assessment is made of each contract. Leasing contracts that are associated with tangible assets and classified as a financial lease are capitalised in the balance sheet and depreciation is charged as for ordinary tangible assets. The tangible assets are capitalised at the present value of the lease payment. If the fair value of the fixed asset are lower than the present value of the lease payments on the contract date, the fair value is capitalised. The amortisation portion of the leasing obligation is entered as long-term debt. The amount of debt is reduced by the rental paid after deduction of the calculated interest cost. Leasing agreements that are classified as an operational lease are not capitalised in the balance sheet. The leasing charge is expensed.
Pension costs and obligations
Pension obligations are calculated as the discounted value of the future pension benefits deemed to have accrued at year-end, based on the employees earning pension rights steadily throughout the working period. Funds belonging to the pension scheme are assessed at their fair value and are entered net against pension obligations in the balance sheet. Each individual pension plan is assessed separately, but the value of over-financing in one plan and under financing in another is entered net in the balance sheet, provided that pension scheme funds are transferable between the plans. Net pension scheme funds are entered as long-term receivables and net pension obligations as long-term debt. Pension obligations and pension scheme funds are calculated on the basis of financial and actuarial assumptions as explained in note 4.
Net pension costs for the period are included in ''wages and personnel expenses'' and consist of the present value of pension earned in the year, interest expenses on the pension obligation, anticipated returns on pension scheme funds, expensed portion of differences in
F-8
Notes to the Norske Skogindustrier ASA Consolidated Financial Statements -- (Continued)
estimates and pension plans, expensed portion of difference between actual and anticipated returns, and accrued national insurance.
Bond loans The value of bond loans in the balance sheet is reduced by holdings of the company's own bonds. Value above/below par is expensed when purchasing own bonds.
