estimates and pension plans, expensed portion of difference between actual and anticipated returns, and accrued national insurance.
Taxes The tax cost consists of payable tax and the change in deferred tax. Payable tax is calculated on the basis of the taxable earnings and the change in deferred tax is calculated on the basis of the year's change in temporary differences. Deferred tax in the balance sheet is calculated based on temporary timing differences between financial accounts and tax accounts and any tax losses that can be carried forward at the end of the financial year. Tax-reducing temporary differences and losses to be carried forward are set off against tax-increasing temporary differences reversed during the same period. Full provision is normally made according to the debt method without discounting to present value. Deferred tax in acquired companies is valued at present value when this provides a true reflection of the underlying transaction.
Cash flow
The cash flow is reported using the direct method. The direct method provides cash flow from operational-, investment- and financing activities on a gross basis. Liquid assets contains bank deposits and short term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes to the value.
Contingent liabilities Contingent liabilities are provided for if the possibility of their settlement are more than 50%. Best estimate are used when calculating the value of the settlement. See note 27 where other material issues are commented on.
Changes in the Group structure 2002 Norske Skog's forest properties in the southern part of Norway were sold in December. Total value on the balance sheet of the forest properties was NOK 36 million. In May 2002 NorskeCanada made a share issue. Norske Skog did not participate in this share issue. This resulted in a reduction of Norske Skog's share in NorskeCanada. After the share issue, Norske Skog's share was reduced from 36.1% to 30.6%.
2001 Forest properties in Sweden and Brazil were sold in 2001. Total book value of the properties in Sweden was NOK 40 million. The book value of the properties in Brazil was NOK 712 million.
F-9
Notes to the Norske Skogindustrier ASA Consolidated Financial Statements -- (Continued)
