F-9
The joint venture Pan Asia Paper Company was originally owned by Norske Skog, Abitibi Consolidated in Canada, and Hansol in Korea, each holding 1/3 of the share in the company. During spring 2001 Hansol offered the other two participants to take over Hansol's 33% share of Pan Asia Paper Company. The transaction date was 16 August, resulting in a share ownership of 50% for both Norske Skog and Abitibi. The transaction increased the total assets in the balance sheet by NOK 2 600 million.
30 November 2001 Norske Skog acquired the two publication paper mills Walsum in Germany and Parenco in the Netherlands. The German Haindl Group formerly owned the two mills. The acquisition increased Norske Skog's capacity for production of publication paper with 880 000 tonnes. The customer base of the two mills was also taken over by Norske Skog. The mills were consolidated from 1 December. The transaction increased the total assets on the balance sheet by NOK 10 100 million.
The two pulp mills Tasman Pulp in New Zealand and Mackenzie Pulp in Canada were sold 30 April and 15 June respectively. Tasman Pulp had an annual turnover of NOK 1 500 million, and Mackenzie Pulp had an annual turnover of NOK 900 million. The two mills' contribution to total assets on the balance sheet was NOK 1 300 million and NOK 850 million respectively.
In August NorskeCanada acquired Pacifica Papers. The acquisition was partly financed by a share issue in NorskeCanada. The share issue resulted in a reduction of Norske Skog's ownership in NorskeCanada from 50.8% to 36.1%. Therefore from September 2001 NorskeCanada is presented as an affiliated company in the consolidated accounts of Norske Skog. In relation to the deconsolidation of NorskeCanada the minority interests in the consolidated accounts were reduced by NOK 7 057 million.
2. Business regions
Key figures from the Profit & Loss per region
Europe Newsprint........................................................ Magazine paper..........................................
Operating revenue
