10
In addition to the other information contained in this offering memorandum, you should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating an investment in the notes.
Risks Relating to Our Business
Some of our operations are conducted through joint ventures and non wholly-owned subsidiaries.
We conduct some of our businesses through joint venture arrangements and other entities in which we do not have a controlling interest or in which we will not have a controlling interest in the future. These include a 50% interest in PanAsia, a 30.6% interest in NorskeCanada and a 33.65% interest in Malaysian Newsprint Industries. While we are able to influence the decisions of the boards and management of these entities, we cannot assure you that decisions taken by the boards and management of these entities will be consistent with our views. As a result, the initiatives and strategic direction of these entities could differ from our wishes and could adversely effect our financial condition or results of operations. In particular, we do not have direct access to the cash flow generated by these entities (other than through receipt of dividends from them) nor do we have unilateral control of their dividend policies.
Exchange rate fluctuations could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
We are exposed to exchange rate risk in several ways. The currencies of our revenues often do not match the currencies of our operating costs. As a consequence, there is a risk that changes in exchange rates could have a significant adverse effect on our reported profits.
Furthermore, changes in exchange rates can affect the relative competitive position of a paper mill. There is a risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our competitive ness relative to our competitors in different countries. In particular, due to the greater international scope of our operations compared to our competitors, we are more exposed than other companies to the effects of translating income back into a reporting currency, in our case, the Norwegian kroner.
In addition, because our financial statements are reported in Norwegian kroner but only a portion of our operations and assets are located in Norway, exchange rate fluctuations could have a significant adverse effect on our financial statements. We also face foreign exchange risk by virtue of our shareholdings in our foreign joint ventures. We cannot guarantee that exchange rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. See ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Risk Management".
