Furthermore, changes in exchange rates can affect the relative competitive position of a paper mill. There is a risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our competitive ness relative to our competitors in different countries. In particular, due to the greater international scope of our operations compared to our competitors, we are more exposed than other companies to the effects of translating income back into a reporting currency, in our case, the Norwegian kroner.
Our operations in emerging market countries could be negatively affected by instability in those countries.
We have manufacturing operations in emerging market countries including China, Thailand, Korea, Malaysia, Brazil and Chile. In the past, these countries have experienced sharp downturns in demand, high inflation or other economic instability. Economic instability in these countries could negatively affect our financial condition or results of operations. Our ability to continue operations in these countries or to earn a profit from our operations in these countries could also be negatively affected by changes in laws, such as the imposition of
11
restrictions on foreign ownership or repatriation of earnings. In addition, political unrest in these countries could restrict our ability to carry on operations.
Risks Relating to Our Industry
Prices for our products and raw materials have historically been volatile.
The markets for paper products such as newsprint and magazine paper are cyclical and have historically experienced price volatility due to imbalances between supply and demand. Supply depends primarily on fluctuations in available manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization rates. Demand for paper products depends on the overall strength of the economies of the countries in which we do business, levels of inventory of paper products and consumer preferences. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain or increase current price levels for our products. Industry participants may add new capacity or increase capacity utilization rates, thereby potentially causing supply to exceed demand and prices to fall. Any significant downturn in the price levels for our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See ''Our Business--Industry Overview''.
In addition, because we are narrowly focused on the production of publication paper, a sharp downturn in prices for publication paper would affect us more than it would affect a more diversified paper company.
