The markets for paper products such as newsprint and magazine paper are cyclical and have historically experienced price volatility due to imbalances between supply and demand. Supply depends primarily on fluctuations in available manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization rates. Demand for paper products depends on the overall strength of the economies of the countries in which we do business, levels of inventory of paper products and consumer preferences. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain or increase current price levels for our products. Industry participants may add new capacity or increase capacity utilization rates, thereby potentially causing supply to exceed demand and prices to fall. Any significant downturn in the price levels for our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See ''Our Business--Industry Overview''.
Our principal raw materials include wood, waste paper, chemical pulp and chemicals. In 2002, raw materials accounted for approximately 36% of our operating expenses. We are a focused company and are therefore dependent on the price of relatively few raw materials. The cost of these raw materials has historically changed unexpectedly and has not necessarily correlated to changes in the market price for our products. Any unexpected increase in raw material costs would have an adverse effect on our financial performance.
Our industry is competitive.
The paper industry is comprised of a small number of large global producers and a large number of small regional producers and we face competition from all of them. Global producers are typically large, well capitalized companies that may have greater flexibility in pricing and financial resources for marketing, investment and expansion than we do. It is also possible that existing and new competitors could construct new paper machines with lower operating costs than our paper machines.
We could be required to make large investments to comply with environmental regulations.
We are subject to a wide variety of environmental regulations in multiple jurisdictions around the world. Compliance with these rules and regulations at the federal, state, provincial and local levels is an important aspect of our ability to continue our operations. In the 1990s, we invested more than NOK2,200 million in environmental measures. We cannot guarantee that we will not incur significant additional environmental costs and liabilities which may include liabilities incurred by businesses before we acquired them. Also, countries could adopt tighter, more stringent environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies than apply at present. See ''Our Business--Environmental".
12
We may not be able to react quickly or profitably to changes in consumer preferences.
Changes in consumers' preferences have affected the overall demand for publication papers and the demand for certain grades or types of publication papers. Some of the most significant changes in consumer preferences include the increase in direct-mail advertising, increasing interest in environmentally-friendly products and increased use of the internet and electronic media.
