We may not be able to react quickly or profitably to changes in consumer preferences.
Paper companies have responded to changes in consumer preferences by improving the quality of existing products, by developing new products such as paper with increased recovered paper content and by increasing production of lighter-weight coated and supercalendered magazine paper. Our ability to compete in our industry in the future will depend on our ability to respond quickly to changes in consumer preferences and upon our ability to produce these products profitably.
In addition, there is a risk that the use of the internet as a source of information and advertising and as a publication medium could increase and significantly reduce the circulation of newspapers and magazines. This would cause a significant decline in the demand and price for newsprint and magazine paper and negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes
An active trading market for the notes may not develop and the price of the notes may be volatile.
Both tranches of the notes are new securities for which there is currently no public market. We cannot predict the extent of investor interest in either tranche of the notes or whether there will be a trading market for either tranche of the notes, or the ability of the holders to sell their notes or the price at which they may be able to sell their notes. The liquidity of any market for either tranche of the notes will depend upon the number of holders of each tranche of notes, the interest of security dealers in making a market for either tranche of the notes and other factors. If a liquid trading market for either tranche of the notes does not develop, the price of either tranche of the notes may decline and investors may have difficulty selling their notes.
Our ability to pay principal and/or interest on the notes may be affected by our organizational structure.
We own our operations within Norway. However, outside of Norway our subsidiaries conduct the majority of our operations and directly own the majority of our assets. Our subsidiaries have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amount under the notes or to make any funds available for such payment. Therefore, our operating cash flow and our ability to meet our debt obligations, including the notes, will depend on the cash flow provided by our subsidiaries in the form of loans, dividends or other payments to us as a shareholder. Additional indebtedness incurred by our subsidiaries may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other similar payments to us. In the event of the insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up of one of our subsidiaries, all creditors of such subsidiary would be entitled to payment in full out of the assets of such subsidiary before we, as a shareholder, would be entitled to any payments. Creditors of subsidiaries might have to be paid in full before our creditors, including holders of our debt securities, and might be entitled to receive any payment from the assets of such subsidiary.
13
