At Bio Bio a new effluent treatment plant is under construction. The startup is planned for May 2003.
In 1998 Norske Skog finalised a lease and lease back arrangement with an American investor for PM5 and PM6 at Saugbrugsforeningen. The present value of the cost of the lease back is approximately NOK 4 000 million and is irrecoverably deposited in favour of the American investor. Although the sum has been deposited, Norske Skog is not exonerated from liability for payment. However the credit risk is extremely low as the funds are held in a bank with A rating. Deposited rental costs and prepaid rental earnings are entered net in the balance sheet. Should Norske Skog be unable to perform the leasing agreement it is under obligation to recompense investor for any losses. The investor's loss will vary over the term of the lease and will at most amount to USD 98 million. The possibility of Norske Skog being unable to perform the contract is extremely low. The contract could only be broken off as the result of extraordinary circumstances in the nature of force majeure.
In 1999 Norske Skog, Abitibi-Consolidated and Hansol established PanAsia joint venture. Hansol Paper exited PanAsia in 2001 and sold its one-third stake in equal parts to Norske Skog and Abitibi-Consolidated. The relationship between the remaining parties in the joint venture is regulated in a shareholder's agreement. An important condition for the joint venture is that the future expansion of the parties within PanAsia's market should take place through PanAsia, and that PanAsia should have a growth strategy. Australasia is not included in the market of PanAsia. According to the shareholder's agreement, PanAsia has an option to buy Norske Skog's 33.7% share in Malaysian Newprint Industries at an agreed price.
Norske Skog and Klabin Fabricadora de Papel e Celulose SA each own 50% of the shares in the joint venture Norske Skog Klabin Comercio E Industria. Norske Skog Klabin Comercio E Industria administers the means of production and the input factors for a period that expires in 2003. At the end of the period most of the company's assets will be tied to its market position. Norske Skog is committed to buy out Klabin at the termination of the joint venture agreement
F-37
Notes to the Norske Skogindustrier ASA Consolidated Financial Statements -- (Continued)
in March 2003. This amounts to USD 28 million. The costs will be capitalised as intangible assets. Norske Skog has an additional commitment to pay Klabin USD 18 million if Norske Skog should decide to build a new paper machine to replace the capacity of Klabin. This commitment is limited for three years.
In the annual accounts for 2002, a provision of NOK600 million for costs related to the work force reductions in relation to the initiated improvement programme is made. The provision covers the costs of a work force reduction of approximately 1 200 employees.
28. Currency and interest risk
