Unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, ''NOK'' refers to Norwegian kroner, ''U.S.$'' and ''$'' refers to U.S. dollars and '''' refers to euros.
ii
by official sources in Norway and other sources indicated therein. Accordingly, we accept responsibility for accurately extracting such information from such sources. However, such information has not been independently verified by us.
Certain figures included in this offering memorandum have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not actually be the sum of the figures which precede them.
For information regarding certain technical terms relating to the paper products industry which we use in this offering memorandum, see ''Annex A--Glossary''.
Enforcement of Civil Liabilities
We are a limited liability company organized under the laws of Norway. The submission to jurisdiction contained in Condition 18 (Governing law and jurisdiction) of the terms and conditions of the Notes is a valid submission to jurisdiction and any judgment obtained in the court of the State of New York in any Proceedings will be enforceable in Norway without the Norwegian courts reconsidering the merits of the action.
As regards actions that fall outside the scope of the submission to jurisdiction of Condition 18 (Governing law and jurisdiction), we wish to point out that all of the members of our Board of Directors and most of our executive officers are residents of Norway and a significant portion of our assets and subsidiaries are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon us or such persons or to enforce against us or them in U.S. courts judgments obtained in such courts predicated upon civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. We have been advised by Wiersholm Mellbye & Bech, our Norwegian counsel, that there is doubt as to the enforceability in Norway, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts, of civil liabilities predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States. In addition, we have been advised by Wiersholm Mellbye & Bech that the United States and Norway do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, final judgments for the payment of money rendered by a U.S. court in the United States based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be directly enforceable in Norway.
Stabilization
