As regards actions that fall outside the scope of the submission to jurisdiction of Condition 18 (Governing law and jurisdiction), we wish to point out that all of the members of our Board of Directors and most of our executive officers are residents of Norway and a significant portion of our assets and subsidiaries are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon us or such persons or to enforce against us or them in U.S. courts judgments obtained in such courts predicated upon civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. We have been advised by Wiersholm Mellbye & Bech, our Norwegian counsel, that there is doubt as to the enforceability in Norway, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts, of civil liabilities predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States. In addition, we have been advised by Wiersholm Mellbye & Bech that the United States and Norway do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, final judgments for the payment of money rendered by a U.S. court in the United States based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be directly enforceable in Norway.
In connection with the issue of the notes, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. (the ''Stabilizing Managers'') (or any person acting for the Stabilizing Managers) may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilizing Managers (or any agent of the Stabilizing Managers) to do this. Such stabilizing, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period. Such stabilizing shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules.
iii
Available Information
We publish annual reports, including consolidated financial statements for the preceding year prepared in accordance with Norwegian generally accepted accounting principles and quarterly interim reports, including unaudited summary financial information for the preceding quarter. Upon request, we will send holders of notes these annual reports and quarterly reports in either English or Norwegian. We are not required to file periodic reports under Section 13 or 15 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the ''Exchange Act''). We do, however, furnish certain public reports and documents to the SEC pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act. If during any period we are not subject to and in compliance with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, we will duly provide to any holder of a note which is a ''restricted security'' within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act or to any prospective purchaser of a note as designated by a holder, upon the written request of the holder or the prospective purchaser addressed to us and delivered to us or the office of the registrar, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.
Forward Looking Statements
Some statements included in this offering memorandum or in oral or written presentations made by us or on our behalf are ''forward-looking statements" within the meaning of U.S. securities laws. With respect to this offering memorandum, these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, business strategies, competitive strengths, references to our future success and discussion of future events, conditions, circumstances or trends. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ''anticipate'', ''believe'', ''continue'', ''could'', ''estimate'', ''expect'', ''forecast'', ''intend'', ''may'', ''plan'', ''potential'', ''predict'', ''project'', ''should'', or ''will'' or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Because these forward-looking statements are predictive in nature, they are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risk factors discussed in this offering memorandum, general economic conditions, competitive actions by other companies, changes in laws or regulations and other factors (some of which are beyond our control). As a result, actual results and conditions may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and we do not undertake to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this offering memorandum.
iv
Summary
