The price trend for newsprint in several Asian markets has been negative, while the prices for raw materials and energy have increased. Demand in the first half of 2003 essentially remained flat compared with the first half of 2002. Effective in the third quarter of 2003, a newsprint price increase has been announced for customers without annual sales contracts. Newsprint demand in Asia increased by about 6% in 2002 from a low level in 2001. Korea and China had particularly high levels of consumption, while Thailand experienced weaker market trends in both prices and volumes.
North American newsprint remained weak in the first half of 2003 but price increases have been implemented during the second quarter, and further increases have been announced. Newsprint demand in North America fell by 2.5% in 2002 compared with 2001, affected by reduced advertising. The magazine paper market remained stable.
Recent Developments
Launch of Improvement 2003 Program
As part of what we call our ''Improvement 2003'' program, we have revised aspects of our management structure by shortening reporting lines, devolving decision-making authority in sales and marketing to local sales offices (within the framework of guidelines set by central management) and by standardizing and further coordinating production methods and centralizing production management, administration, procurement and logistics functions, where these are likely to benefit from a global corporate perspective. This program has allowed us to introduce cost-saving and efficiency measures across all our business lines and to better monitor and react to developments in our business environment. A goal of the program
21
is to improve results (primarily through cost-reduction measures) by NOK2 billion by the end of 2004 (measured against a baseline of our 2002 results and on a basis seeking to adjust for or exclude factors outside our control). As of June 30, 2003, we had achieved improvements of NOK320 million and believe we remain on course to achieve the targeted gain of NOK1 billion for the calendar year 2003.
Sale of Power Plants
As part of our efforts to focus on the publication papers business, we have continued to divest non-core assets. In 2003, we have sold our 13 power plants in Norway for NOK1.3 billion.
