Sale of Power Plants
Critical Accounting Policies
Our principal accounting policies are described in more detail in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements appearing on page F-6 of this offering memorandum. The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with Norwegian GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. However, actual results and timing of recognition could differ from those estimates.
Management believes that the accounting policies discussed below represent those accounting policies requiring the exercise of judgment where a different set of judgments could result in the greatest changes to our reported results.
Assets and Liabilities in Foreign Currencies
Unhedged assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated into Norwegian kroner at the year-end exchange rate. Balance sheet items in foreign currencies that are hedged by financial instruments are entered at the hedging exchange rate. Balance sheet items in foreign currencies that hedge against each other are entered at the year-end exchange rate. Gains and losses due to changes in currency rates on debt in foreign currency which are designated and are hedges of the value of a subsidiary entered in a foreign currency are recorded directly in shareholders' equity, together with the translation difference arising from the translation of the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary. Gains and losses due to changes in currency rates on balance sheet items related to operations is included in our operating earnings. Gains and losses due to changes in currency rates on other balance sheet items are classified as financial items.
Fixed Assets and Depreciation
Fixed assets are valued at historical cost. The acquisition costs of tangible assets having long term future economic benefits are capitalized and classified as assets in our balance sheet. Spare parts are capitalized with the asset to which they pertain. For major investments with a long production time, interest is capitalized as a part of the acquisition cost. Expenditure to increase capacity or improve quality that represents a future increase in earnings is capitalized in the balance sheet. Maintenance costs are expensed as an operating cost.
Ordinary depreciation is calculated from the time when the use of the tangible asset commences and is calculated on the basis of the economic life of the asset.
