Fixed assets are valued at historical cost. The acquisition costs of tangible assets having long term future economic benefits are capitalized and classified as assets in our balance sheet. Spare parts are capitalized with the asset to which they pertain. For major investments with a long production time, interest is capitalized as a part of the acquisition cost. Expenditure to increase capacity or improve quality that represents a future increase in earnings is capitalized in the balance sheet. Maintenance costs are expensed as an operating cost.
22
In 2002, we implemented the preliminary Norwegian GAAP accounting standard on impairment of fixed assets. According to this standard, we review our fixed assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired, in which case we estimate the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. If the present value of the expected cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset, a write-down is recognized to the extent the asset's carrying value exceeds the sum of the expected future cash flows, discounted at a discount rate determined by our management. The discount rate is derived from our cost of capital plus an appropriate risk premium.
Income taxes
Deferred income taxes are calculated based on temporary timing differences between financial accounts and tax accounts and any tax losses that can be carried forward at the end of the financial year. Tax-reducing temporary differences and losses to be carried forward are set off against tax-increasing temporary differences reversed during the same period. Full provision is normally made according to the debt method without discounting to present value. Deferred tax in acquired companies is valued at present value when this provides a true reflection of the underlying transaction.
We review our tax assets and liabilities on a periodic basis and adjust these balances as appropriate. We believe that we have adequately provided for our future tax consequences based upon current facts and circumstances and current tax law. However, should our tax positions be challenged and not prevail, different outcomes could result and have a significant impact on the amounts reported through our consolidated financial statements. The net deferred tax liabilities under Norwegian GAAP were NOK2,021 million, or 4.5% of total assets, as of December 31, 2002 and NOK3,174 million, or 5.6% of total assets, as of December 31, 2001.
Pensions
We operate a number of defined benefit and contribution plans throughout the world.
Pension obligations are calculated as the discounted value of the future pension benefits deemed to have accrued at year-end, based on the employees earning pension rights steadily throughout the working period. Funds belonging to the pension scheme are assessed at their fair value and are entered net against pension obligations in the balance sheet. Each individual pension plan is assessed separately, but the value of over-financing in one plan and under financing in another is entered net in the balance sheet, provided that pension scheme funds are transferable between the plans. Net pension scheme funds are entered as long-term receivables and net pension obligations as long-term debt.
