iv
The following summary is qualified in its entirety by, and is subject to, the detailed information regarding our business and our consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto.
General
We are one of the leading global publication paper companies. We are the second largest producer of newsprint and the third largest producer of magazine paper in the world. Our headquarters are located in Oslo, Norway and through our subsidiaries, joint ventures and interests in other companies, we wholly or partly own mills in 15 countries on five continents.
While geographically diverse, we are strategically focused on the production, marketing and distribution of publication paper. Publication paper includes newsprint and magazine paper, and represented approximately 93% of our half year 2003 net sales. Our principal markets for our newsprint products are Europe, Australasia, Asia and South America. In addition, we are present in North America as the largest shareholder in Norske Skog Canada Limited (''NorskeCanada''). The principal markets for our magazine paper products are Europe and North America.
In the last twelve years, we have grown from being a regional producer of a variety of paper, pulp and timber products to a global company focused on publication paper. During this period, we have divested virtually all of the units outside of our core business and expanded our annual publication paper production capacity from 1.3 million metric tonnes in 1991 to 7.9 million metric tonnes as of June 30, 2003. We are focused on creating shareholder value by improving operating efficiencies, reducing purchasing, marketing and administrative costs and streamlining our organizational and corporate structure.
Our total assets were NOK47.5 billion as at June 30, 2003, and for the six months ended June 30, 2003, we had operating revenue of NOK11,382 million and operating earnings of NOK685 million. As at September 1, 2003, our market capitalization was NOK16.5 billion.
Our business operates primarily in four geographic regions:
· Europe with nine wholly-owned paper mills in Norway, France, Austria, Germany, The Netherlands, and the Czech Republic.
