The Company shall be entitled to purchase each and all of the Bonds in the market.
The Company may elect to redeem all of the Bonds (but not less than all) on any Banking Day falling after 1 July 2011. The Company shall give the Holders at least 30 days but not more than 60 days notice of such redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the following redemption prices, expressed as percentages of the Nominal Amount as set out below:
(a) 104.00 per cent during the period from, but excluding, 1 July 2011 up to and including 1 July 2012;
(b) 102.50 per cent during the period from, but excluding, 1 July 2012 up to and including 1 July 2013;
(c) 101.00 per cent during the period from, but excluding, 1 July 2013 up to and including 30 June 2014
together in the case of any such redemption with accrued interest from, but excluding, the latest Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date.
5.4 Payments of principal and interest
If a Holder has, through an Account Operator, designated a certain bank account for payments of principal and interest, the CSD will on the relevant payment dates transfer the relevant payment to the account so designated. In other cases, payments will be made by the CSD transferring the payment to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. If a day on which an amount becomes due and payable in accordance with these Terms and Conditions is not a Banking Day, payment will be made as aforesaid on the following Banking Day. Interest only accrues, however, up to and including the relevant due date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts as aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not
entitled to receive such amount and provided the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
