(e) if any member of the Group ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or a substantial part of its business or disposes or threatens to dispose of all or substantially all of its assets;
(g) if a Relevant Event or a De-Listing Event occurs.
9.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable pursuant to this Clause 9, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at the relevant redemption price set forth in Clause 5.3 plus the accrued interest referred to in said Clause. However, if the Bonds are declared due and payable during the period from the Issue Date up to and including 1 July 2011, the relevant redemption price shall be 104.00 per cent plus the accrued interest from the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date.
9.3 The Agent is however only entitled to declare the Bonds due for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 9.1(a)-(g), if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that, in the Agent's opinion, it could adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration.
9.4 If Holders representing not less than 50 per cent of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount instruct the Agent to declare the Bonds due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 9, then the Agent shall do so. However, if the Agent is of the opinion that the Bonds may not be declared due and payable, the Agent is only obliged to take such action if the instructing Holders undertake to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless in a satisfactory manner. Further, the Agent shall at the request of not less than 25 per cent of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount, without delay, request the Company to provide a special financial report pursuant to Clause 8.1 (g).
8
9.5 If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitral panel, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary for the valid exercise of the right that the relevant decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in.
9.6 The Company shall immediately upon becoming aware of it inform the Agent if any circumstance of the type specified in Clauses 9.1(a)-(g) should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Clauses 9.1(a)-(g). The Company shall further promptly provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Clauses 9.1(a)-(g) and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Clause 9.6.
9.7 The Company's obligation to provide information according to Clause 9.6 above applies provided that the dissemination of information does not violate the provisions of the Company's listing agreement with a regulated market place.
