9.6 The Company shall immediately upon becoming aware of it inform the Agent if any circumstance of the type specified in Clauses 9.1(a)-(g) should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Clauses 9.1(a)-(g). The Company shall further promptly provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Clauses 9.1(a)-(g) and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Clause 9.6.
10 Allocation of funds
Where both interest and any principal amount have become due and payable and where the available funds are not sufficient for full payment thereof, the funds shall firstly be used for payment of interest and thereafter payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bonds.
11 The Agents' right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.
11.1 General
Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority.
11.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which evidences the holdings of Bonds of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call a meeting or order that a procedure in writing be commenced. The Agent shall not be obliged to proceed as aforesaid if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it is manifestly clear that the meeting is unlikely to approve of the proposal(s) (having regard to previous meetings or previous procedures in writing).
9
