(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which evidences the holdings of Bonds of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call a meeting or order that a procedure in writing be commenced. The Agent shall not be obliged to proceed as aforesaid if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it is manifestly clear that the meeting is unlikely to approve of the proposal(s) (having regard to previous meetings or previous procedures in writing).
(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Clause 15 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for written replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for written replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for written replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to be entitled to attend the meeting. The Company, the Agent (as the case may be) shall determine the contents of the notice and provide, in written or electronic form, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation). Each Holder shall have one (1) vote per SEK one (1) of the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds held by such Holder. A Holder that holds more than one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, any representative which represents more than one Holder may cast differentiated votes for different Holders. Bonds held by the Company or by a Subsidiary of the Company shall not entitle to any voting rights and shall not be considered when calculating whether necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds. In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes cast and the answers received in order for a resolution to be validly passed ( "Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds when (1) one of the conditions in Clause 8 is waived or (2) a condition in this Clause 11 is amended, subject to (ii) below;
(11) three quarters when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount and (3) amendment of the conditions in this Clause 11.2(c).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
(d) Quorum exists where (i) Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least half of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the time fixed for the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at the expiry of the deadline set for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Clause 15.
10
At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
