10
(e) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may be accompanied by their representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting may decide that other individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a person present appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a person present appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is chaired by that person until the Holders present (in person or by proxy) have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that has been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and prepare minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request additions and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where right to vote may not be verified by reviewing the material provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(f) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a meeting may be combined with a procedure in writing such that there shall be a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form, as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
(g) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding on all Holders irrespective of their having been present or represented at the meeting or if having participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they would have voted.
The Company shall bear all cost for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated such meeting or procedure.
In connection with this Clause 11 the Company shall be entitled to require extracts from the book of debts from the CSD.
12 Substitution of the Agent
The Agent may not resign as agent and/or transfer its position as agent, unless the Company has provided its prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, save where the Agent is obliged to resign or transfer its position as agent by operation of law or regulation or where the Company has, in a not immaterial way, failed to fulfil its obligations towards the Agent hereunder and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Agent having made the Company aware thereof.
11
