The Agent may not resign as agent and/or transfer its position as agent, unless the Company has provided its prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, save where the Agent is obliged to resign or transfer its position as agent by operation of law or regulation or where the Company has, in a not immaterial way, failed to fulfil its obligations towards the Agent hereunder and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Agent having made the Company aware thereof.
13 The Agent's obligations and liabilities, right to engage third parties etc.
13.1 The Agent's obligations are exhaustively regulated herein. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
13.2 The Agent shall not be bound to account to any Holder for any sum received by it for its own account.
13.3 For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
13.4 The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by it under these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
13.5 The Agent may engage, pay for and rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where so reasonably needed to fulfil its obligations hereunder. The costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company.
14 Substitution of the Issuing Agent
The Issuing Agent may resign its appointment at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. The appointment of the Issuing Agent shall forthwith terminate if the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority or if a resolution is passed at a Holders' meeting to replace the Issuing Agent, and, in such circumstances the Company shall immediately appoint a new issuing agent.
