"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" has the meaning set forth in Clause 4.1.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Maintenance Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Delisting Event" means an event that occurs if at any time: (i) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market; or (ii) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of 15 consecutive banking days.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Reference Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
