ceases to own 100% of the Properties through its 100% direct ownership in
(b) the Master Lease Agreement is cancelled;
(c) the Lessee Parent Guarantee ceases to exist; or
(d) an Event of Default has been decleared.
"Margin" means 5 per cent, per annum.
"M arket Value" means the market value of the Properties of the Group calculated as the market value from the most recent annual report. The Issuer will update the Market Value of the Properties on an annual basis in accordance with GAAP. This valuation will be backed by a valuation report from an independent and well-reputed sale and purchase broker familiar with the market for the Properties, appointed by the Issuer and acceptable to the Trustee. The updated Market Value of the Properties shall be made in connection with the preparation of the Issuer's annual report, or upon request by the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably). The cost of such valuation shall be for the account of the Issuer.
"M aster Lease" means the master lease between the Issuer and the Lessee regarding the lease of the Properties. Under the Master Lease, the Lessee shall pay the Issuer an annual lease amount equivalent to NOK 25,867,200 (as per 2013) million for the Initial Properties as further described in the Master Lease Agreement,
9
"Master Lease Agreement" means the lease agreement (as amended from time to time in connection with adding Additional Properties to die Master Lease Agreement) in respect of the Master Lease entered into between the Issuer and the Lessee, in form and conditions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, hereunder that (i) the annual lease amount equal to NOK 25,867,200 (for 2013) for the Initial Properties, (ii) the yield for the Properties being acquired by the Issuer and included under the Master Lease shall be 8.00%, hereunder that the additional rent for the Additional Properties shall be no less than 8.00% of the Acquisition Price, (iii) the Lessee shall be responsible for and cover the Issuer for all operational costs relating to the Properties, including costs of Maintenance and Insurances, replacements, property taxes and fees, fixing charges etc. (triple net) and (iv) that the Issuer shall only cover the Issuer's costs for management of the Group.
