9
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's or a Subsidiary's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 5 April 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NCG Loan" means the loan facilities between the relevant Husbanken Borrowers as lenders and Issuer as borrower. The NCG Loan shall be on terms (i) that mirrors the terms under the Husbanken Loans (with respect to amortization profile, interest etc.), (ii) that states that payment under the NCG Loan shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Husbanken Loans and by the Issuer under an NCG Loan directly to Husbanken (as due repayment under the NCG Loan) and (iii) satisfactory to the Trustee, i.a. the NCG Loan shall be unsecured and subordinated to the Bond Issue in insolvency proceedings.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
