The Security Interests shall rank on a first priority basis and in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), except for the Second Priority Mortgage which shall rank on second priority basis after the respective Husbanken Loans only.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
"Subordinated Loan" means the interest bearing subordinated loan in the maximum aggregate amount of NOK 32,000,000 provided to the Issuer by Norlandia Care Group AS. The Subordinated Loan shall be fully subordinated to the Bond Issue (according to the Subordination Undertaking towards the Bond Trustee) and without payment in cash or in kind, including interest, amortization or principal, during the term of the Bonds.
"Subordination Undertaking" means an irrevocable undertaking by lender under the Subordinated Loan towai'ds the Bond Trustee regarding, inter alia, the full subordination of all monetary claims under the Subordinated Loan and no payment of interest, principal, and acceleration stop and default restrictions, on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means each company listed in Attachment 4, any Additional Subsidiary and a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Total Loss Event" means if a Property burns down or otherwise is damaged in a way that it cannot be used. Upon a Total Loss Event, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer (in connection with its relevant Subsidiary) shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available, however, subject to the right of Husbanken for the Husbanken Properties, utilize such proceeds to rebuild or repair the Property or otherwise retain such insurance proceeds on a pledged account in favour of the Bondholders subject to the Bond Trustee's prior written consent.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires;
