any such right or remedy, other than as explicitly set out in these Terms and Conditions.
(a) The Notes are denominated in EUR and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Note is EUR 100,000 less the aggregate amount by which each Note has been redeemed or repaid in part pursuant to Clause 9 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes) (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Notes is EUR 120,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met and that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Notes (the Initial Notes and all Subsequent Notes) may not exceed EUR 180,000,000.
(e) The Notes are freely transferrable. Noteholders may however be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at its own cost and expense.
(f) Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with (i) the Super Senior Debt pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, but will receive proceeds distributable by the Security Agent only after the Super Senior Debt have been repaid in full, and (ii) all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each
18
