(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Company holds the Escrow Account) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account for the purpose of repayment of the Existing Senior Debt and in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Escrow Account.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within twenty (20) Business Days from the First Issue Date (a "Conditions Precedent Failure"), the Issuer shall immediately repurchase all Notes at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Noteholders (as a result of the Conditions Precedent Failure) in accordance with the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d).
5. Notes in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting under Clause 17 (Noteholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the Noteholders under Clause 18 (Written Procedure), the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Noteholder
