(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 17(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than eight (8) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
(e) If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Noteholders' Meeting within 20 Banking Days after having received such notice, the requesting person may convene the Noteholders' Meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Noteholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Noteholder provide the Noteholder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person to open the Noteholders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting person.
(f) At a Noteholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Noteholders (or the Noteholders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Noteholders' Meeting. The Noteholders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Noteholders' Meeting instead of the Noteholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Noteholder.
(g) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
18. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 18(a) to each Noteholder with a copy to the Agent.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 18(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least eight (8) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 18(a)). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
