deposited money toward the payment of the Notes at maturity or on the redemption date, as the case may
In addition, the Company must deliver an Officer's Certificate and an opinion of counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction and discharge have been satisfied; provided that any such counsel may rely on any Officer's Certificate as to matters of fact (including as to compliance with the foregoing clauses (1), (2) and (3)).
259
Judgment Currency
Any payment on account of an amount that is payable in U.S. dollars which is made to or for the account of any holder of the Notes or the Trustee in lawful currency of any other jurisdiction (the "Judgment Currency"), whether as a result of any judgment or order or the enforcement thereof or the liquidation of the Company or any Guarantor, shall constitute a discharge of the Company or the Guarantor's obligation under the Indenture, the Notes, and the Guarantees, as the case may be, only to the extent of the amount of U.S. dollars with such holder or the Trustee, as the case may be, could purchase in the London foreign exchange markets with the amount of the Judgment Currency in accordance with normal banking procedures at the rate of exchange prevailing on the first Business Day following receipt of the payment in the Judgment Currency. If the amount of U.S. dollars that could be so purchased is less than the amount of U.S. dollars originally due to such holder of the Notes or the Trustee, as the case may be, the Company and the Guarantors shall indemnify and hold harmless the holder or the Trustee, as the case may be, from and against all loss or damage arising out of, or as a result of, such deficiency. This indemnity shall constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in the Indenture or the Notes, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any holder of the Notes or the Trustee from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due hereunder or under any judgment or order.
Concerning the Trustee
The Company shall deliver written notice to the Trustee within thirty (30) days of becoming aware of the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default. If the Trustee becomes a creditor of the Company or any Guarantor, the Indenture limits the right of the Trustee to obtain payment of claims in certain cases, or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions; however, if it acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign as Trustee.
The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee, subject to certain exceptions. The Indenture provides that in case an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be required, in the exercise of its power, to use the degree of care of a prudent man in the conduct of his own affairs. Subject to such provisions, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request of any holder of the Notes, unless such holder has offered to the Trustee security, and the Trustee has received, and indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense.
The Company and the Guarantors will indemnify the Trustee for certain claims, liabilities and expenses incurred without fraud, negligence or willful misconduct on its part, arising out of or in connection with its duties.
