substantially all of the property and assets of Perstorp U.K. Limited;
a global assignment of receivables of Perstorp Chemicals GmbH;
(10) a security transfer of certain fixed and current assets of Perstorp Chemicals GmbH; and
(11) security assignment of certain intercompany loans. See "Description o f the Senior Secured Notes'" and "Description o f the Second Lien Notes."
The Liens securing the Notes and the Guarantees will also secure the obligations of the Company and the Guarantors under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and certain hedging obligations on a first-priority basis and the Mezzanine Facility Agreement on a junior priority basis. The assets and property of the Company and its subsidiaries that are from time to time subject to, or required to be subject to, a Lien pursuant to the Security Documents are referred to as the "Collateral." The security and other agreements in respect of the Collateral are referred to as the "Security Documents."
227
Under the Security Documents, the Collateral will be pledged by the Company and the Guarantors to secure the payment when due of the Company's and the Guarantors', as applicable, payment obligations under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Indenture. The Security Documents will be entered into by, inter alios, the Security Agent or its nominee(s), who will act as Security Agent for the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the trustee for the Senior Secured Notes, holders of the Senior Secured Notes, lenders under the Mezzanine Facility Agreement and for the Trustee and the holders of Notes.
Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, shall be deemed (i) to have authorized the Trustee to enter into the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Agent to enter into the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) to be bound thereby. Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, appoints the Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, as its agent under the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and authorizes it to act as such.
The holders of the Notes are not a party to the Security Documents, and therefore holders may not, individually or collectively, take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents. The holders may only act through the Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable. The Security Agent will agree to any release of the security interest created by the Security Documents that is in accordance with the Indenture and the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement without requiring any consent of the holders. The Trustee will have the ability to direct the Security Agent to commence enforcement action under the Security Documents in certain limited circumstances. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Parallel Intercreditor Agreement."
