Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, shall be deemed (i) to have authorized the Trustee to enter into the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Agent to enter into the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) to be bound thereby. Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, appoints the Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, as its agent under the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and authorizes it to act as such.
Subject to the terms of the Security Documents, the Company and the Guarantors, as the case may be, will be entitled to exercise any and all voting rights and to receive and retain any and all cash dividends, stock dividends, liquidating dividends, non-cash dividends, shares of stock resulting from stock splits or reclassifications, rights issue, warrants, options and other distributions (whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing) in respect of the shares that are part of the Collateral.
The value of the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees may not be sufficient to satisfy the Company's and the Guarantors' obligations under the Notes and the Guarantees, and the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees may be reduced or diluted under certain circumstances, including the issuance of Additional Notes and the disposition of assets comprising the Collateral, subject to the terms of the Indenture. Please see "Risk Factors--Risks Relating to the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Second Lien Notes--The Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value of the Collateral that has been granted as security for the Notes and the Guarantees, and such security may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Notes and the Guarantees," "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Second Lien Notes-- Claims of our first-priority senior secured creditors will have priority with respect to their security over the claims of the holders of the Second Lien Notes."
No appraisals of the Collateral have been prepared by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantors in connection with this offering of the Notes. There can be no assurance that the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral, in whole or in part, pursuant to the Indenture and the Security Documents following an Event of Default, would be sufficient to satisfy amounts due on the Notes or the Guarantees. By its nature, some or all the Collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Collateral would be sold in a timely manner or at all. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Financial Profile--It may be difficult to realize the value of the Collateral securing the Notes" and "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Financial Profile-- Creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging liabilities are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale in priority to the Notes."
The Security Documents are governed by English law or the laws o f the other jurisdictions to which the Collateral is subject and provide that the rights with respect to the Notes and the Indenture must be exercised by the Security Agent and in respect of the entire outstanding amount of the Notes. The term "Security Interests" refers to the Liens in the Collateral.
For a description of certain intercreditor features, see "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Revolving Credit Facility--Events of Default" and "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Parallel Intercreditor Agreement--Limitations on enforcement."
Under the Indenture, the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries will be permitted to incur certain additional Indebtedness in the future that may share in the Collateral, including Indebtedness with priority rights to the Collateral. The amount of such additional Indebtedness will be limited by the covenants described under the captions "-- Certain
228
Covenants--Liens" and "-- Certain Covenants--Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock." Under certain circumstances, the amount of such additional Indebtedness that may share in the Collateral could be significant.
