282
"Security Agent" means J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, until a successor replaces it in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture or the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and thereafter means the successor thereof.
"Security Documents"" means the share pledges and any other instrument and document executed and delivered pursuant to the Indenture or otherwise or any of the foregoing, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and pursuant to which the Collateral is pledged, assigned or granted to or on behalf of the Security Agent for the benefit of the holders of the Notes or in its capacity as a parallel debt creditor (as applicable) and the Trustee or notice of such pledge, assignment or grant is given.
"Secured Indebtedness"" means, with respect to any Person, Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness of the type specified in clauses (5), (7), (9), (12), (13) and (14) of the definition of Permitted Debt) of that Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries that is secured by Lien and Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Guarantor.
"Senior Secured Indebtedness"" means, with respect to any Person (i) Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness of the type specified in clauses (5), (7), (9), (12), (13) and (14) of the definition of Permitted Debt) of that Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries that is (a) secured by a Lien and (b) not subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or any Guarantee; provided that the features of the Guarantees of the Notes under the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and any similar features in respect of any future Indebtedness shall not constitute subordination in right of payment for purposes of this definition and (ii) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness outstanding under the Mezzanine Facility Agreement on the Issue Date is not Senior Secured Indebtedness and Indebtedness outstanding under the Notes is Senior Secured Indebtedness.
"Senior Secured Notes"" means the $380 million in aggregate principal amount of the Company's 8 %% Senior Secured Notes due 2017 and 270 million in aggregate principal amount of the Company's 9% Senior Secured Notes due 2017 issued under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and pursuant to the terms and conditions of this offering memorandum.
"Senior Secured Notes Indenture"" means the Indenture for the Senior Secured Notes, dated as of the Issue Date and as it may be amended or modified, supplemented from time to time.
"SEK-Equivalent" means, with respect to any monetary amount in a currency other than Swedish krona, at any time of determination thereof, the amount of Swedish krona obtained by converting such currency other than Swedish krona involved in such computation into Swedish krona at the spot rate for the purchase of Swedish krona with the applicable currency other than Swedish krona as published under "Currency Rates" in the section of the Financial Times entitled "Currencies, Bonds & Interest Rates" on the date that is two Business Days prior to such determination.
"Shareholder Commitment" means the sponsor commitment by PAI to provide a guarantee in the amount required to cover the obligations of Financiere Foret S.å r.l. in relation to 30.0 million of its committed equity contribution for board approved capital expenditure or other funding needs pursuant to the shareholder agreement entered into on or prior to the Issue Date between Financiere Foret S.å r.l. as lender and the Company as borrower.
