· will be secured by second-priority Liens and over the Collateral; and
Assuming we had completed the Refinancing and applied the proceeds therefrom as described under "Use of Proceeds," as of June 30, 2012, the Company and the Guarantors would have had total debt excluding shareholder debt of $1,453 million, including, without limitation, $722 million (equivalent) of debt outstanding under the Senior Secured Notes $370 million of debt outstanding under the Notes and $328 million of debt outstanding under the Mezzanine Facility Agreement. In addition, we will have SEK 550 million available for drawing under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Indenture will permit the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to incur additional Indebtedness in the future. For the twelve months ended June 30, 2012, the Company and the Guarantors generated 82% of our net sales and 89% of our EBITDA, and as at June 30, 2012 the Company and the Guarantors held 87% of our consolidated total assets.
The Company is a holding company without operations, and, therefore, the Company depends on the cash flow of its Subsidiaries to meet its obligations, including its obligation under the Notes. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to all Indebtedness and other liabilities and commitments (including trade payables and lease obligations) of the Company's Subsidiaries that do not provide Guarantees.
Parallel Intercreditor Agreement
On the Issue Date, the Trustee will enter into the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement as a "Second Lien Notes Trustee" (as defined in the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement) for holders of the Notes. The Security Agent, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the trustee for the Senior Secured Notes will also enter into the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement. The Parallel Intercreditor Agreement governs, among other things, the rights and obligations of the "Senior Finance Parties" (as defined in the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and including lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, creditors in respect of the Senior Secured Notes, holders of the Notes and certain hedging counterparties), in respect of enforcement of the Guarantees and the Collateral. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Parallel Intercreditor Agreement."
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes
The Company will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a "Paying A gent") for the Notes, including a Paying Agent in the City of London (the "Principal Paying A gent"). The Company will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 on the taxation of savings income, or any law implementing, or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such directive. The initial Paying Agent will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A.
The Company will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a "Registrar") for so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require. The Company will also maintain a transfer agent (a "Transfer A g en t"). The initial Registrar will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. The initial Transfer Agent will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. The Registrar and the Transfer Agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined under "Book-Entry, Delivery and Form") outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfer of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Company.
The Company may change the Paying Agents, the Registrars or the Transfer Agents without prior notice to the holders of Notes. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Company will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
