enter into a binding commitment to apply the Net Proceeds pursuant to clause (d), (e) or (f) of
the Net Proceeds from the date of such commitment until the earlier of (x) the date on which such
acquisition or expenditure is consummated, and (y) the 180th day following the expiration of the
aforementioned 365 day period.
Pending the final application of any Net Proceeds, the Company (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary) may temporarily reduce revolving credit borrowings or otherwise invest the Net Proceeds in any manner that is not prohibited by the Indenture.
234
Any Net Proceeds from Asset Sales that are not applied or invested as provided in the second paragraph of this covenant will constitute "Excess Proceeds'" When the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds 25.0 million, within ten Business Days thereof, the Company will make an offer (an "Asset Sale Offer") to all holders of Notes and, to the extent notified by the Company in such notice, make an offer to all holders of other Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Notes or any Guarantee to purchase, prepay or redeem with the proceeds of sales of assets, the maximum principal amount of Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness (plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount o f all fees and expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith) that may be purchased, prepaid or redeemed out of the Excess Proceeds. The offer price for the Notes in any Asset Sale Offer will be equal to 100% of the principal amount and the offer price for any pari passu Indebtedness may be no greater than 100% of the principal amount, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the date of purchase, prepayment or redemption, subject to the rights of holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date, and will be payable in cash. If any Excess Proceeds remain after consummation of an Asset Sale Offer, the Company may use those Excess Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness tendered into (or to be prepaid or redeemed in connection with) such Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds or if the aggregate amount of Notes tendered pursuant to a Notes Offer exceeds the amount of the Net Proceeds so applied, the Trustee will select the Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness, if applicable, to be purchased on a pro rata basis (or in the manner described under "-- Selection and Notice"), based on the amounts tendered or required to be prepaid or redeemed. Upon completion of each Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds will be reset at zero.
To the extent that any portion of Net Proceeds payable in respect of the Notes is denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollar, the amount thereof payable in respect of such Notes shall not exceed the net amount of funds in U.S. dollar that is actually received by the Company upon converting such portion of the Net Proceeds into U.S. dollar.
The Company will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the U.S. Exchange Act and any other applicable securities laws and regulations to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with each repurchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer, an Asset Sale Offer or a Notes Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control, Asset Sale or Notes Offer provisions of the Indenture, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
