To the extent that any portion of Net Proceeds payable in respect of the Notes is denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollar, the amount thereof payable in respect of such Notes shall not exceed the net amount of funds in U.S. dollar that is actually received by the Company upon converting such portion of the Net Proceeds into U.S. dollar.
Selection and Notice
If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee will select Notes for redemption on a pro rata basis (or, in the case of Notes issued in global form as discussed under "--Book-Entry, Delivery and Form," based on a method that most nearly approximates a pro rata selection as the Trustee deems fair and appropriate), unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or depository requirements. The Trustee shall not be liable for selections made by it in accordance with this paragraph.
No Notes of $200,000 or less can be redeemed in part. Notices of redemption will be mailed by first class mail at least 30 but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture.
If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note will state the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed. A new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Notes upon cancellation of the original Note. In the case of a Global Note, an appropriate notation will be made on such Note to decrease the principal amount thereof to an amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.
For Notes which are represented by global certificates held on behalf of DTC, notices may be given by delivery of the relevant notices to DTC for communication to entitled account holders in substitution for the aforesaid mailing. So long as any Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, any such notice to the holders of the relevant Notes shall also be published in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and, in connection with any redemption, the Company will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any change in the principal amount of Notes outstanding.
235
Certain Covenants
Incurrence o f Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock
