The Company will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a "Registrar") for so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require. The Company will also maintain a transfer agent (a "Transfer A g en t"). The initial Registrar will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. The initial Transfer Agent will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. The Registrar and the Transfer Agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined under "Book-Entry, Delivery and Form") outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfer of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Company.
222
Transfer and Exchange
Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "144A Global Notes'"), and Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Reg S Global Notes" and together with the 144A Global Notes, the "Global Notes").
Ownership of interests in the Global Notes (the "Book-Entry Interests") will be limited to Persons that have accounts with DTC or Persons that may hold interests through such participants. Ownership of interests in the Book-Entry Interests and transfers thereof will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and certification requirements summarized below and described more fully under "Notice to Investors." In addition, transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in DTC will be effected by DTC pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by DTC and their respective participants.
Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Note, or the "Restricted Book-Entry Interest" may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Note, as applicable, or the "Reg S BookEntry Interests" only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
Any Book-Entry Interest (as defined under "Book-Entry, Delivery and Form") that is transferred as described in the immediately preceding paragraphs will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note from which it was transferred and will become a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note to which it was transferred. Accordingly, from and after such transfer, it will become subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in the Global Note to which it was transferred.
If Definitive Registered Notes are issued, they will be issued only in minimum denominations of $200,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, upon receipt by the applicable Registrar of instructions relating thereto and any certificates and other documentation required by the Indenture. It is expected that such instructions will be based upon directions received by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, from the participant that owns the relevant Book-Entry Interests. Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest will, except as set forth in the Indenture or as otherwise determined by the Company in compliance with applicable law, be subject to, and will have a legend with respect to, the restrictions on transfer summarized below and described more fully under "Notice to Investors."
Subject to the restrictions on transfer referred to above, Notes issued as Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred or exchanged, in whole or in part, in minimum denominations of $200,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of Definitive Registered Notes. In connection with any such transfer or exchange, the Indenture will require the transferring or exchanging holder to, among other things, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, furnish information regarding the account of the transferee at DTC where appropriate, furnish certain certificates and opinions and pay any Taxes in connection with such transfer or exchange. Any such transfer or exchange will be made without charge to the holder, other than any Taxes payable in connection with such transfer or exchange; provided that, if the Company or any Guarantor is a party to the transfer or exchange, the holder will not be required to pay such Taxes.
