"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total interest bearing debt, excluding Construction Financing, in accordance with GAAP, as set out in the then most recent Financial Statements (or, as applicable, the most recent Quarterly Financial Reports) of the Issuer, less the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents on a consolidated basis.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Noiwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee after consultation with the Issuer, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Noiwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor(s).
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value o f the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arty " means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
8
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf o f the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
