The Issuer shall in connection with the issue o f its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer, hi the event o f non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations and the Guarantors' guarantee liabilities under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its or the Guarantors' other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Material Subsidiaries
shall not cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f assets The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part o f the Group's assets or operations, unless
(i) the transaction is earned out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
