(a) The Bonds are denominated in Euro and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(c) The nominal amount of each Initial Bond is EUR 1,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 100,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The minimum amount of Bonds to be transferred by or to any Bondholder may not be less than the Minimum Trading Unit.
(d) Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 150,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 15(e)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
10
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without preference among them.
(f) Subject to the restriction set out in Clause 2(c) above, the Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the issue of the Initial Bonds, less the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Initial Bonds, to redeem Existing Bonds (to the extent they have not been exchanged in the Exchange Offer) and for general corporate purposes of the Group. The proceeds from any Subsequent Bond Issue will be used to finance, inter alia, general corporate purposes.
