(iv) legal opinions on the capacity and due execution in respect of any non Swedish entity being party to a Finance Document and on the validity and enforceability of any Finance Document not governed by Swedish law, issued by a reputable law firm.
11
which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the Net Proceeds less the Refinancing Amount from the Proceeds Account to a bank account specified by the Issuer.
(d) The Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the Refinancing Amount for the purpose of repurchasing or redeeming the Existing Bonds in full or in part if:
(i) the conditions precedent set out in Clause 4(b) have been received by the Agent; and
(ii) the Issuer provides evidence in the form of a funds flow (or similar) that the Refinancing Amount will immediately upon release from the Proceeds Account be applied towards repurchasing or redeeming Existing Bonds.
(e) The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4(b) and Clause 4(d) is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation and evidence. The Agent does not have any obligation to review the document and evidence referred to in Clause 4(b) and Clause 4(d) from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.
(f) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been received by the Agent within thirty (30) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(e). The repurchase date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
