"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Adherence" means the undertaking by the Guarantor, pursuant to the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, to comply with any undertakings of the Guarantor set out in these Terms and Conditions.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Bonds (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Bonds in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or prior to the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Applicable Premium" means the sum of:
(a) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount; and
(b) the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant redemption date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the bondholders),
