(c) A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 10.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the De-listing Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5(a).
16
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.4 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled.
10. Information to Bondholders
10.1 Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer and the Guarantor will make the following information available in the English language to the Bondholders by way of press release and by publication on its website:
