regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market on which the Bonds are listed.
(c) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Bondholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or De-Listing Event, conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event or De-Listing Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event or De-Listing Event. The Issuer shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such request.
(d) When a Financial Report and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.1(a), the Issuer shall send (electronic) copies of such Financial Report and other information to the Agent.
(e) The Issuer shall submit a duly executed Compliance Certificate to the Agent:
(i) together with a Financial Report;
(ii) at the Agent's request, within twenty (20) days from such request.
(f) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance. The Issuer shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such request.
(g) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 10.1 If informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed with the Issuer's obligation resulting from such listing. If such a conflict would exist, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 10.1.
18
