"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in respect of borrowed money which is in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes or any similar securities which are or are capable of being quoted, listed or traded on any stock exchange or other recognized and regulated securities market or certificates of indebtedness, where the repayable amount exceeds EUR 2,000,000.
(a) Jorma Jokela ceases to own and control more than fifty (50) per cent. of the share capital and votes in the Guarantor, or
(b) in case of a new share issue following the First Issue Date (i) Jorma Jokela ceases to own and control more than thirty-five (35) per cent. of the share capital and votes in the Guarantor, and (ii) one or more persons acting together acquire control over the Guarantor and where "control" means (A) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting shares of the Guarantor, or (B) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Guarantor.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate signed by the Guarantor and the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with the Maintenance Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test for the relevant Reference Date.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
3
"CSD Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"De-listing Event" means the occurrence of an event whereby (i) the Guarantor's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (Prime Standard) of Frankfurt Stock Exchange or the Regulated Market of any other stock exchange, or (ii) trading of the Guarantor's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended (caused by the Guarantor) for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
"EBIT" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated operating profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
