Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer or the Guarantor.
(c) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 14 as soon as reasonably practicable.
(d) If the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7(a) shall apply.
15. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 6 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
26
