(h) In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 19.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time
34
as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
21. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or the Guarantor to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or the Guarantor in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
(b) Clause 21(a) shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 19.1(d)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 19.2(i), such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2(j) before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 21(a).
(c) The provisions of Clause 21(a) shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 7(e), Clause 9.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
