"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 24(a).
"Group" means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer) from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee" means the irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, as principal obligor (Proprieborgen), guarantee provided by the Guarantor in relation to the punctual performance by the Issuer of all of the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, including, but not limited to, the Bonds, plus accrued interest and expenses, on the terms set out in the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement.
"Guarantee and Adherence Agreement" means the agreement between the Guarantor and the Agent relating to the Guarantee and the Adherence granted and provided for by the Guarantor.
"Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Payment Date" means 25 February, 25 May, 25 August and 25 November of each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the next day that is a CSD Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the immediately preceding day that is a CSD Business Day. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 25 August 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
