C. 18 For the sake of clarity, no adjustment shall be made for the issue of Warrants to the NEC06 lenders (Warrants to subscribe for 7,500,000 shares pre the Reverse Share Split at NOK 0.28 per share) or an exercise of such Warrants.
D . l If the Issuer prior to the expiry of the Conversion Period decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Issuer is the acquired company, each Bondholder has the right to require the Bonds to be redeemed at par plus accrued interest.
The Issuer shall give the Bondholders written notification through the Securities Depository at the latest five (5) Banking Days after notification of the merger. The notification shall refer to the regulations and deadlines of clause D.2.
D.2 Request for redemption takes place by the Bondholder notifying his Account Managers at the latest two (2) months after notification of the merger. Each Bondholder's Account Managers shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent.
Redemption shall take place five (5) Banking Days after the acquiring company has notified that the merger shall be effective or, if later, five (5) Banking Days following the expiry of the two (2) months period.
D.3 In the case of any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing corporation), or in the case of any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer will take such steps as shall be required by the Loan Trustee (including the execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Loan Agreement) to ensure that each Bond then outstanding will (during the period in which Conversion Rights may be exercised) be converted into the class and amount of
50
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Execution Version shares and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer by a holder of the number of Shares which would have become liable to be issued upon exercise of Conversion Rights immediately prior to such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental agreement deed will provide for adjustments which will be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in clause C. The above will apply mutatis mutandis to any subsequent consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, sales or transfers. D.4 If the Issuer decides on a merger in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, subject to confirmation from an Independent Financial Adviser that such is the case, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to such provision of clause C as an Independent Financial Adviser shall determine to be most appropriate. D.5 The provisions in this clause D have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection
