"Reverse Share Split" means an adjustment of the nominal amount per Share whereby 10 existing shares with nominal value NOK 0.368834881 each shall be replaced by 1 new share with par value NOK 3.68834881, scheduled to take effect in April 2012 if so approved by a general meeting on 30 March 2012.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuer under any Finance Documents.
"Shares" means the shares of the Issuer, being at the date of this Bond Agreement 1 084 675 945 ordinary shares, fully paid up with a face value of NOK 0.36883488, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) of the issued share capital of the Issuer, each individually a "Share", to be adjusted mutatis mutandis in respect of the Reverse Share Split.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means the share pledge agreement governed by Norwegian law (to the extent legally permitted) whereby all the shares in NEFII is pledged by the Issuer in favor of the Loan Trustee (acting on behalf of the bondholders) as further provided for in clause 8.2.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
