"Issuing Agent" means Swedbank AB (publ), Reg. No. 502017-7753, SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Loan to Value" means, at any time, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of; (a) the outstanding Financial Indebtedness (excluding guarantees and similar
arrangements as well as any intra group loans) less cash and Cash Equivalent Investments; to (b) the aggregate market value of the Properties as set out in the latest valuations delivered under the Terms and Conditions, or, when a Property has been newly acquired and up until a valuation is made in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the purchase price for such Property; and (c) an amount equal to the costs and expenses paid in relation to any on-going value enhancing investments in the Properties and any costs and expenses paid in relation to any value enhancing investments in the Properties completed since the latest valuation.
"Management Profit" means the Issuer's management profit (Sw. förvaltningsresultat) according to the latest annual audited financial statements of the Issuer.
"Margin" means 4.00 per cent. per annum.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other obligations under the Terms and Conditions or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Terms and Conditions.
"Net Finance Costs" means the Finance Costs less Interest Receivables and any interest on any intragroup loans and any prepayment fees in respect of borrowings.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Notes issue, excluding any Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Notes.
