All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Noteholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Noteholders and published on the website of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
Noteholders' Meeting
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 19.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.1. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for a Noteholders' Meeting where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append information from the Agent together with the notice.
The notice pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders), (iv) day on which a person must be a Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting
26
