In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden, including international financial reporting standards (IFRS), if applicable.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.
"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, P.O. Bo 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Applicable Premium" means an amount equal to:
(a) 100.0 per cent. plus 50 per cent. o f the Margin of the Nominal Amount; plus
(b) 100 per cent. of all remaining scheduled interest payments on the Notes until the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given) (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date), discounted (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the yield of the Swedish Government Bond with a maturity date on or about the First Call Date plus 0.50 per cent.
