(a) 100.0 per cent. plus 50 per cent. o f the Margin of the Nominal Amount; plus
3
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Cash Equivalent Investments" means (i) immediately available funds in bank or postal accounts and (ii) marketable debt securities held for cash management purposes that can be realised promptly and which have a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investor Services Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper or debt securities, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means an event where;
(a) any person (other than Kvalitena AB (publ), Reg. No. 556527-3314) or group of persons acting in concert, (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, or have the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and/or votes in the Issuer, or (ii) have the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority o f the directors o f the board of directors o f the Issuer; or
(b) the shares of class B in the Issuer ceases to be listed on a Regulated Market or any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
