(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each quarter of its Financial Year, its unaudited consolidated financial statements or the year-end report (Sw. bokslutskommunike) (as applicable) for such period;
(d) together with any financial statements and in connection with the issue o f any Subsequent Notes a Compliance Certificate (in which the financial covenants shall be calculated pro forma, taking into consideration the issuance of the Subsequent Notes);
(e) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading; and
(f) of a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or an Event of Default.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (and in respect of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure, also the Noteholders) (with full particulars) upon becoming aware o f the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, a Change o f Control Event, a Listing Failure or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination o f any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
A notice relating to a Change of Control Event may be given in advance of the occurrence o f a Change o f Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence o f such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 10.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a Compliance Certificate attaching copies o f any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
Information from the Agent
The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests o f the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect o f an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
