Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 26.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 25.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 25.1.1.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.3.3, 11.4, 12.11 (e), 14.6, 15.3, 16.16, 17.1, 18.1, 19.3, 20.2.11 and 20.4.1 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 25.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice that the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 26 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
