(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 104.39 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable German Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's (or the Guarantor's if applicable) ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than five (5.00) per cent. of the EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm Aktiebolag (reg. no 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for the relevant period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to cash and cash equivalents investments of the Group.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less cash and cash equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Incurrence Test (as applicable), in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the bookrunner(s) for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account.
