"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security Documents" means the Share Pledge Agreements, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and any other pledge agreement entered into by a Group Company under these Terms and Conditions and such further agreements, assignments, certificates, instruments, consents, acknowledgements, confirmations and other documents which relate thereto or which are required in order to establish, maintain, preserve, protect and perfect the pledge created or purported to be created under such documents.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means each of the pledge or security agreements entered into by a Group Company and the Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) on or about the Issue Date, or thereafter, in respect of first priority pledges of, or charges over, all shares at any time held by such Group Company in the capital of a Pledged Group Company, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Subsequent Bond" means any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (i) the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue and (ii) the listing of the Bonds (including Subsequent Bonds) on on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market).
