(c) 103.38 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling eighteen (18) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling twenty four (24) months after the Issue Date;
(e) 100.84 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby: one or more Persons acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if provided in connection with the payment of any Restricted Payment or the incurrence of any new Financial Indebtedness (including any Subsequent Bond Issue), which requires that the Incurrence Test is met, that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio, and (iii) if provided after a cleandown of the Working Capital Facility has been completed pursuant to Clause 12.6, that such clean-down has been performed and including relevant information regarding such cleandown period.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"De-listing Event" means a situation (i) the shares in the Issuer are not listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North (or any Regulated Market) or (ii) trading in the shares in the Issuer on the relevant market is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
"Derivative Transaction" has the meaning set forth in item (e) of the definition "Permitted Debt" below.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
