Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Upon a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of fifteen (15) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.11 (e). The fifteen (15) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, the De-listing Event or the Listing Failure (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.11 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.11 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 11.2 (The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds).
11.5
Mandatory redemption due to failure to fulfil the Conditions Precedent for
Disbursement
If the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have not been fulfilled, and the Net Proceeds disbursed from the Escrow Account, within ten (10) Business Days after the Issue Date (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons), the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. The redemption of the Bonds shall (i) be executed on the first Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) and (ii) be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent, where such notice shall state the relevant Interest Payment Date on which the redemption shall be made, the redemption amount and the relevant record date.
