"Business Day" means a day in Denmark and Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
3
"Call Option Amount" means: (i) 102.75 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but
unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 24 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date; (ii) 102.06 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date; (iii) 101.38 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date; (iv) 100.69 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date to, and including, the Final Redemption Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, not being the Majority Shareholder (or an Affiliate thereof), acting in concert, acquire control, directly or indirectly, over more than fifty (50) per cent of the voting shares of the Issuer, or the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Form o f Compliance Certificate), signed by the Issuer certifying satisfaction of the Incurrence Test (if relevant) and that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the events and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Bonds from time to time.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Reference Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s): (a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by
