"Incurrence Test" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 13.1 (Incurrence Test) and 13.2 (Testing o fIncurrence Test).
"Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Act no. 11 of 6 January 2014 as amended from time to time) (Da. konkursloven) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under Section 1a of the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Act no. 11 of 6 January 2014 as amended from time to time) (Da. konkursloven) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement, which may be entered into (if requested by the Issuer) between the Issuer, the Working Capital Facility Provider, the Trustee and any creditors under the Shareholder Loans, providing for (i) complete subordination of the Shareholder Loans, and (ii) super senior ranking of the Working Capital Facility in relation to the senior ranking Bonds. The super senior ranking will follow market practice for super senior working capital facilities, including sharing of the same security package as the Bonds but with waterfall priority to any enforcement proceeds. The Bondholders will upon enforcement actions being taken have the first right to instruct the Trustee to take enforcement actions. In case of absence of enforcement actions for more than three (3) months the instruction right will shift to the Working Capital Facility Provider for a period of three (3) months.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 March, 20 June, 20 September and 20 December each year (with the first Interest Payment Date being 20 June 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the applicable Final Redemption Date), or to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means the 3 month EURIBOR plus the Floating Rate Margin, payable quarterly in arrears.
7
