"Shareholder Loans" means any loan to the Issuer as the debtor, if such shareholder loan (a) according to its terms, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement (if any) or other subordination agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Trustee, (b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date, and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest (unless a Restricted Payment is permitted under the Finance Documents).
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Danish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary (Da. datterselskab) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Danish Companies Act (Act no. 1089 of 14 September 2015 as amended from time to time) (Da. selskabsloven).
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (i) an issue of Bonds, (ii) the Working Capital Facility, and (iii) the listing of the Bonds.
"Transaction Security" means (i) the share pledge agreement in respect of all shares in Cembrit Holding A/S (a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Denmark with Business Registration No. CVR 1833 6774), being a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer; and (ii) the pledge agreement regarding the downstream loan from the Issuer to Cembrit Holding A/S in the aggregate outstanding amount of no less than the EUR equivalent of DKK 25,000,000 at any time, of which excess amounts may be amortized.
11
"Trustee" means the Bondholders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it as agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Trustee Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Trustee, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent, regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Trustee.
"Working Capital Facility Provider" means any bank or other financing provider, from time to time, under any Working Capital Facility.
