9.6 9.6.1 9.6.2
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive amounts due on such Redemption Date. A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Voluntary partial redemption
The Issuer may on one occasion each calendar year, make partial repayments of Bonds in an amount corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the aggregate Nominal Amount as of the First Issue Date. Any such partial repayment shall reduce the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The prepayment price for each Bond shall be a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in paragraph (i) o f the Call Option Amount definition together with accrued but unpaid interest.
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.5.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Trustee. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in part on the immediately following Interest Payment Date at the applicable amount. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro and paid to the person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Listing Event ("Equity Claw Back")
The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 30.00 per cent. of the total Outstanding Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata.
