The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1,000) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in paragraph (i) of the Call Option Amount definition and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest (the "Put Option"), during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or the Listing Failure pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse) (the "Exercise Period").
The settlement date of the Put Option shall occur within 20 Business Days after the ending of the Exercise Period.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.7.1.
If Bondholders representing more than 90 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Bonds held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.7, the Issuer shall send a notice to the remaining Bondholders giving them a further opportunity to request that Bonds held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following such notice. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.7.4. The repurchase date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period of thirty (30) Business Days referred to in this Clause 9.7.4.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the
19
9.7.6 9.7.7 10 10.1.1
10.1.2
