"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect o f the supply o f assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Bondholders'Meeting).
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day in Denmark and Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
