(c) Repayment shall be made to each Bondholder on an Interest Payment Date occurring within one hundred eighty (180) days following the Equity Listing Event (giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant repayment date to the Bondholders and the Trustee).
10.6 Mandatory Prepayment upon a Total Loss Event
(a) Should a Total Loss Event occur in relation to any New Vessel, the Issuer shall immediately upon receipt apply the full amount of the insurance proceeds received in connection with the Total Loss Event towards prepayment of the Vessel Financing attributable to that New Vessel. Any surplus remaining thereafter shall be applied in partial repayment of the Bonds by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata.
(b) Should a Total Loss Event occur in relation to the Existing Vessel, the Issuer shall immediately upon receipt apply the full amount of the insurance proceeds received in connection with the Total Loss Event in partial repayment of the Bonds by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata.
22
(c) The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1,000) plus accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
10.7 Change of Control Put Option
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to paragraph (b) below (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to paragraph (a) above, shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this paragraph. The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in paragraph (a) above.
