"Finance Document" shall have the meaning given to that term in the Terms and Conditions.
"Pledged Property" shall mean the Bank Accounts and all amounts standing to the credit of the same from time to time, including but not limited to any interest accrued as well as any other proceeds of, and all surrogates whatsoever from time to time pertaining to, any of them.
"Release Request" shall mean a utilisation and release request provided by the Pledgor to the Security Agent in the form of Schedule 2 (Form of Utilisation and Release Request).
"Security Agent" shall mean Nordic Trustee Oy in its capacity as agent and attorney for and on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and shall include any successors and assignees in such capacity and all references to the Security Agent herein shall be construed as references to the same acting in such capacity for and on behalf of the Secured Parties.
"Secured Obligations" shall mean all actual, contingent, present and/or future obligations and liabilities, of whatever nature, of the Pledgor towards the Secured Parties, or any of them, under or pursuant to all or any of the Finance Documents, including the Bonds, and under any other documents relating to any such debt, both actual and contingent and whether incurred solely or jointly and as principal or surety or in any other capacity.
"Secured Party" shall mean the Security Agent, the Trustee (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) and the Bondholders.
"Security Period" shall mean the period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending when all the Secured Obligations have been unconditionally and irrevocably discharged in full and no Secured Party has any actual or contingent obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Shareholder Contribution" shall have the meaning given to that term in the Terms and Conditions.
"Vessel Funding Account" shall mean bank account no. 121430-105498 of the Pledgor with the Account Bank.
