As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, the Parent shall pledge on a first ranking basis to the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) all shares in the Issuer pursuant to the Share Pledge Agreement.
The Agent will, where applicable, hold the Transaction Security on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Share Pledge Agreement. The Transaction Security shall be irrevocably released by the Agent at the end of the Security Period.
7
Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses 15 (.Decisions by Holders), 16 (Holders' Meeting) and 17 {Written Procedure), the Agent is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Parent, the Group Companies or third parties if it is, in the Agent's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the Transaction Security. The Agent is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Share Pledge Agreement.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 13 {Termination o f the Bonds) or following the Final Redemption Date, the Agent is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the Transaction Security, in such manner and under such conditions that the Agent finds acceptable (subject to the terms of the Share Pledge Agreement).
If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the Transaction Security, the Agent is obligated, to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the Transaction Security. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Agent shall not enforce any of the Transaction Security. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the Transaction Security in accordance with the procedures set out in Clauses 15 {Decisions by Holders), 16 {Holders' Meeting) and 17 {Written Procedure), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the Transaction Security. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
Funds that the Agent receives on account of the Holders in connection with the termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of any or all of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedeT) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and any other interested party. The Agent shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 5.7 as soon as reasonably practicable. If the Agent deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Clause 5.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any Transaction Security, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 5.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds
remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Clause 5.7. Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 5.7 to the Holders through the CSD.
