(b) Cash and Cash Equivalents exceed SEK 20,000,000.
(a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 104.25 per cent, of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the Record Date of the remaining coupon payments, less any accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date, through and including the First Call Date, (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Record Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders),
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned date falling on the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 10 per cent, of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm Aktiebolag (reg. no. 556420-8394, 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and the Sole Bookrunner (if the Issuing Agent and the Sole Bookrunner has requested that the respective fees and costs shall be deducted), shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o fproceeds).
