"Permitted Transaction" means any investment, including any indirect investment by way of Shareholder Loan, in any existing Group Company or any Associated Entity (which shall not include Nordic PM or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries) or in any new shares (or equivalent) in an entity incorporated in the Nordic Region which directly or indirectly owns real estate and where 75 per cent, of the value of the total assets of such entity are located within the Nordic Region.
any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Pledged Companies" means (i) Vivska; (ii) Konkret Fastighetsutveckling insofar the Konland Disposal does not complete; (iii) any direct existing Subsidiaries or Associated Entities of the Issuer or Vivska in which investments are made pursuant to a Permitted Transaction or to which direct or indirect Subsidiaries are transferred pursuant to Clause 12.6 (Disposals o f assets) and/or a Permitted Disposal; and (iv) any new direct Subsidiaries or Associated Entities (from time to time) of the Issuer or Vivska acquired pursuant to a Permitted Transaction.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the First Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 15 (Distribution o fproceeds), or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year for as long as any Bonds are outstanding. With reference to the Maintenance Test, the first Reference Date shall be 30 September 2016.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/3 9/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1 (Distributions).
