(b) 102.55 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 24 months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date;
(d) 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 33 months after the First Issue Date up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the Accounting Principles as set forth in the latest Financial Report.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than a Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent, of the voting rights of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Cofigelux" means Cofigelux Sari (reg. no. BO 181169).
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with the publishing of a Financial Report or in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test the Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Equity Ratio (if in connection with the Incurrence Test, calculated proforma).
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursements of the Net Proceeds" means all actions and documents (as applicable) set forth in Clause 13.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Deposit Account" means each of the Issuer's and Vivska's respective bank accounts which have been pledged pursuant to the respective Deposit Account Pledge Agreements.
