(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;
(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (wvw.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The bond loan will be represented by Bonds, each o f an initial nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The nominal amount of each Bond will be the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partly repaid in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption, repayment and repurchase o f the Bonds) (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 200,000,000 (the "Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0005994217. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
Provided that the Incurrence Test is met (calculated pro forma including such issue), the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount, the Final Redemption Date shall apply also to Subsequent Bonds, which also otherwise shall 1
