11.5 11.5.1
11.5.3 11.5.4 11.6
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change o f Control Event or the Listing Failure pursuant to Clause 12.13.1(e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the Testing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.13.1(e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.13.1(e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.5.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase o f Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.5 by virtue o f the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Mandatory partial repayment upon a Disposal Event
Upon a Disposal Event occurring, the Issuer shall have the right and the obligation to repay the total Nominal Amount with an amount equal to the amount of the applicable Aggregated Disposal Proceeds. Any such repayment of the total Nominal Amount shall be made as partial repayments of all Bonds by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment shall be made on the next possible Interest Payment Date after the end of the relevant financial year, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice o f the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (a) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 4.00 percent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, or such lower amount as is set forth in the applicable Call Option Amount for the relevant period, and (b) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
