(h) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
(a) The Bonds are denominated in Euro and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is EUR 10,000 (the "Nominal Amount"), with a minimum subscription allocation amount of EUR 100,000. The total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 62,500,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100) per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The Issuer may, at one or several occasions after the First Issue Date, issue Subsequent Bonds (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total aggregate amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals EUR 120,000,000, always provided that the Incurrence Test (tested pro forma including such issue) is met. Any Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at par, at a premium or at a discount compared to the Nominal Amount. Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 9(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with (i) the Super Senior Debt pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, but will receive Enforcement Proceeds only after the Super Senior Debt has been repaid in full in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement (and the Bonds and any New Debt shall rank ahead of the PIK Bonds in respect of Enforcement Proceeds), and (ii) all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
21
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
