"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om vardepapperscentraler och kontoforing av finansiella instrument).
(a) at any time prior to an Equity Listing Event, that the Existing Shareholders together cease to have Decisive Influence over the Issuer; and
(b) upon and at any time following a successful Equity Listing Event, that any Person or group of Persons acting in concert (other than the Existing Shareholders) acquire control, directly or indirectly, over more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer or the Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Company" means Cidron Full Service Holding AB, a private limited liability company incorporated in Sweden (with reg. no. 556968-8905), being the direct owner of all the shares in the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the agreed form between the Agent and the Issuer, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) satisfaction of the Incurrence Test (if relevant) and (ii) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and include the identity of each Material Group Company. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"CSD Business Day" means a day on which the Book-Entry Securities System is open in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"Decisive Influence" means a Person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or ownership interests in another Person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other Person; or
