(b) At all times following repayment in accordance with Clause 10.4 and/or 10.5, at least sixty-five (65) per cent. of the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds must remain outstanding (other than pursuant to a redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total or partial redemption (call option)).
10.7 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101) per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of forty-five (45) Business Days following effective receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 13.1(d) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1(d) shall specify the Record Date and the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1(d). The Redemption Date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause (a) above.
11. Transaction Security and Guarantees
(a) The Company and each relevant Obligor shall, as a condition precedent to the disbursement of the Net Proceeds of the Initial Bond Issue from the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 4(b)(iii), grant the Pre-Disbursement Transaction Security to the Secured Parties pursuant to the relevant Transaction Security Documents and guarantee as principal obligor (Sw. proprieborgen), pursuant to the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, the punctual performance of all the Secured Obligations to the Secured Parties.
(b) No later than the date falling ninety (90) days after the First Issue Date, each Obligor shall procure that:
(i) the Post-Disbursement Transaction Security is granted to the Secured Parties:
(ii) promptly supply to the Security Agent:
