"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
Nordic Trustee ASA
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement. "Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December. "Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway. "Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4. "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence. "Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and (g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust,
7
Nordic Trustee ASA
joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).
2
