(d) 101.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 45 months after the First Issue Date; and
"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means the cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the most recent Financial Report or financial update.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (one or more persons, not being the Majority Shareholder (or an Affiliate thereof), acting in concert, acquire control, directly or indirectly, over more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Claims" means claims due to or caused by any contentious matter ongoing on the First Issue Date.
"Claims Reserve" means an amount which has been reserved for Claims and which may only be applied towards the purposes listed in Clause 4.2(e).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
3
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the agreed form between the Trustee and the Issuer, signed by the Issuer certifying satisfaction of the Incurrence Test (if relevant) and that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with the Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test (as applicable).
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Reference Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
