any combination of the transactions permitted by the foregoing clauses
61
HN\1119595.7
aforementioned initial 365-day period (clauses (x), (y) or (z) as applicable, the "Reinvestment Termination Date"). If such acquisition or expenditure or acquisition in connection with a Drilling Unit Construction Contract, memorandum of agreement to purchase a Drilling Unit or exercised Drilling Unit Purchase Option Contract is not consummated on or before the Reinvestment Termination Date and the Issuer (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be) shall not have applied such Net Proceeds pursuant to clauses (i) through (v) of Section 4.10(c) on or before the Reinvestment Termination Date, such transaction shall be deemed not to have been a permitted application of the Net Proceeds. Pending the final application of any Net Proceeds, the Issuer may temporarily reduce revolving credit borrowings or otherwise invest the Net Proceeds in any manner that is not prohibited by this Indenture.
(d) Any Net Proceeds from Asset Sales that are not applied or invested as provided in Section 4.10(c) will constitute "Excess Proceeds." When the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds $50.0 million, the Issuer will make an offer (an "Asset Sale Offer") to all Holders of Notes and, to the extent the Issuer is legally required to do so, to all holders of other Indebtedness of the Issuer that is pari passu with the Notes, to purchase the maximum principal amount of Notes (in integral multiples of $1,000) and such other pari passu Indebtedness that may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds. The offer price in any Asset Sale Offer will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness so included and to be purchased or the lesser amount required under agreements governing such other pari passu Indebtedness so included, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase, and will be payable in cash. If any Excess Proceeds remain after consummation of an Asset Sale Offer, the Issuer may use those Excess Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness so included tendered into such Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, the Trustee will select the Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness so included to be purchased on a pro rata basis (or, in the case of Notes issued in global form, based on a method as DTC or its nominee or successor may require or, where such nominee or successor is the Trustee, a method that most nearly approximates pro rata selection unless otherwise required by law). Upon completion of each Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds will be reset at zero.
(e) The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with each repurchase of Notes pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Asset Sale provisions of this Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
(f) The provisions of Section 4.10 may be waived or modified with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes.
Section 4.11 Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates.
(a) The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the sale, purchase, exchange or lease of assets or property or the rendering of any service), with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary's Affiliate involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $5.0 million unless:
