Section 6.04 Waiver of Past Defaults.
Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon.
Section 6.05 Control by Majority.
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture or that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders of Notes or that may involve the Trustee in personal liability.
75
HN\1119595.7
Section 6.06 Limitation on Suits.
Subject to the provisions of this Indenture relating to the duties of the Trustee, in case an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any Holders of Notes unless such Holders have made a written request and offered to the Trustee indemnity and/or security satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense. Except (subject to Article 9) to enforce the right to receive payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest or Additional Amounts when due, no Holder of any of the Notes has any right to institute any proceedings with respect to this Indenture or any remedy thereunder, unless the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes have made a written request to, and offered indemnity and/or security satisfactory to, the Trustee to institute such proceeding as trustee under the Notes and this Indenture, the Trustee has failed to institute such proceeding within 30 days after receipt of such notice and indemnity or security and the Trustee within such 30-day period has not received directions inconsistent with such written request by Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. Such limitations do not, however, apply to a suit instituted by a Holder of a Note for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and Additional Amounts or interest on such Note on or after the respective due dates expressed in such Note.
A Holder of a Note may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder of a Note or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder of a Note (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holders).
