Section 7.02 Rights of Trustee.
(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officer's Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officer's Certificate or Opinion of Counsel, as the case may be. The Trustee may consult with professional advisors (including counsel) of its own selection and the advice or written advice of such professional adviser or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.
(c) The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly by or through its attorneys and agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care.
(d) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it reasonably believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture.
(e) Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Issuer, as the case may be, shall be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Issuer, as applicable, or a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, as applicable.
(f) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security and/or indemnity (satisfactory to it) against the losses, liabilities and expenses that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.
(g) The Trustee shall have no duty or obligation to inquire or monitor as to the performance of the covenants of the Issuer and/or their Restricted Subsidiaries in Article 4. In addition, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have actual knowledge of any Default or Event of Default except: (i) any Event of Default occurring pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) (provided it is acting as Paying Agent) and (ii) any Default or Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer shall have received written notification. Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee under Section 4.03 is for informational purposes only and the Trustee's receipt of the foregoing shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuer's compliance with any of their covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer's Certificates).
(h) The Trustee shall not have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance, and shall not be responsible or liable for compliance with restrictions on transfer, exchange, redemption, purchase or repurchase, as applicable, of minimum denominations imposed under this
79
