(s) The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that jurisdiction would, in its opinion, based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to any law of that jurisdiction or, to the extent applicable, the State of New York.
(u) The Trustee may assume without inquiry in the absence of actual knowledge that the Issuer is duly complying with its obligations contained in this Indenture required to be performed and observed by it, and that no Default or Event of Default or other event which would require repayment of the Notes has occurred.
Section 7.03 Individual Rights of Trustee.
The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign. Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to Section 7.09.
Section 7.04 Trustee's Disclaimer.
The Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the Issuer's use of the proceeds from the Notes, and it shall not be responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the Notes or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this Indenture other than its certificate of authentication. The Trustee shall be entitled to assume without inquiry that the Issuer has performed in accordance with all the provisions in this Indenture, unless notified to the contrary.
Section 7.05 Notice of Defaults.
Subject to Section 7.02(g), if a Default or an Event of Default occurs and is continuing and is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee will mail to each Holder of the Notes notice of the Default or Event of Default within 15 Business Days after such Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual notice of such occurrence. Except in the case of a Default or an Event of Default in payment of principal of, premium, if any, Additional Amounts or interest on any Notes, the Trustee may
81
