Subject to Section 7.02(g), if a Default or an Event of Default occurs and is continuing and is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee will mail to each Holder of the Notes notice of the Default or Event of Default within 15 Business Days after such Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual notice of such occurrence. Except in the case of a Default or an Event of Default in payment of principal of, premium, if any, Additional Amounts or interest on any Notes, the Trustee may
HN\1119595.7
withhold the notice to the Holders of such Notes if it in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Notes. The Issuer is required to furnish to the Trustee annual statements regarding compliance with the Indenture. Upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, the Issuer is required to promptly deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default and proposed steps to cure such Default or Event of Default.
Section 7.06 Compensation and Indemnity.
(a) The Issuer shall pay to the Trustee (acting in any capacity hereunder) and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (acting in any capacity hereunder) from time to time compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and services hereunder in accordance with the Trustee's signed fee letter. The Trustee's compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer shall reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all disbursements, advances (if any) and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustee's agents and counsel.
(b) The Issuer shall indemnify the Trustee (acting in any capacity hereunder) and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (acting in any capacity) (which for purposes of this Section 7.06 shall include their respective officers, directors, employees and agents) against any and all losses, liabilities or expenses incurred by it arising out of, or in connection with, the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, any supplemental indenture or accession agreement or the Notes or in any other role performed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas under said documents, including the reasonable costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Issuer (including this Section 7.06) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Issuer or any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, except to the extent any such loss, liability or expense may be attributable to its willful misconduct, gross negligence or bad faith. The Trustee shall notify the Issuer promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Issuer shall not relieve the Issuer of its obligations hereunder. The Issuer shall defend the claim and the Trustee shall cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may seek separate counsel and the Issuer shall pay the reasonably incurred fees and expenses of such counsel if the Issuer shall have failed to assume the defense thereof or employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee. The Issuer need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
(c) The obligations of the Issuer under this Section 7.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee (acting in any capacity hereunder) or Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (acting in any capacity hereunder).
(d) To secure the Issuer's payment obligations in this Section 7.06, the Trustee shall have a Lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of, premium, interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on particular Notes. Such Lien shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.
(e) When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01 occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.
