83
(f) A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuer. Thereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to the Holders. The retiring Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in Section 7.06. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.07, the Issuer's obligations under Section 7.06 shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee. The retiring Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility for the action or inaction of any successor Trustee.
Section 7.08 Successor Trustee by Merger, etc.
If the Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor corporation without any further act shall be the successor Trustee.
Section 7.09 Eligibility; Disqualification.
There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United Kingdom, the Pre-Expansion European Union or the United States of America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition.
Section 7.10 Agents.
Any Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Indenture at any time by giving thirty (30) days' prior written notice of such resignation to the Trustee and the Issuer. The Trustee or the Issuer may remove any Agent at any time by giving thirty (30) days' prior written notice to any Agent. Upon such notice, a successor Agent shall be appointed by the Issuer, who shall provide written notice of such to the Trustee. Such successor Agent shall become the Agent hereunder upon the resignation or removal date specified in such notice. If the Issuer is unable to replace the resigning Agent within thirty (30) days after such notice, the Agent may, in its sole discretion, deliver any funds then held hereunder in its possession to the Trustee or may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Agent or for other appropriate relief. The costs and expenses (including its counsels' fees and expenses) incurred by the Agent in connection with such proceeding shall be paid by the Issuer. Upon receipt of the identity of the successor Agent, the Agent shall deliver any funds then held hereunder to the successor Agent, less the Agent's fees, costs and expenses or other obligations owed to the Agent. Upon its resignation and delivery any funds, the Agent shall be discharged of and from any and all further obligations arising in connection with this Indenture, but shall continue to enjoy the benefit of Section 7.06.
Section 7.11 USA Patriot Act.
