Any Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Indenture at any time by giving thirty (30) days' prior written notice of such resignation to the Trustee and the Issuer. The Trustee or the Issuer may remove any Agent at any time by giving thirty (30) days' prior written notice to any Agent. Upon such notice, a successor Agent shall be appointed by the Issuer, who shall provide written notice of such to the Trustee. Such successor Agent shall become the Agent hereunder upon the resignation or removal date specified in such notice. If the Issuer is unable to replace the resigning Agent within thirty (30) days after such notice, the Agent may, in its sole discretion, deliver any funds then held hereunder in its possession to the Trustee or may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Agent or for other appropriate relief. The costs and expenses (including its counsels' fees and expenses) incurred by the Agent in connection with such proceeding shall be paid by the Issuer. Upon receipt of the identity of the successor Agent, the Agent shall deliver any funds then held hereunder to the successor Agent, less the Agent's fees, costs and expenses or other obligations owed to the Agent. Upon its resignation and delivery any funds, the Agent shall be discharged of and from any and all further obligations arising in connection with this Indenture, but shall continue to enjoy the benefit of Section 7.06.
The Issuer acknowledges that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account. The Issuer undertakes to provide Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas with such information as it may reasonably request in order for Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas to satisfy the requirements of the USA Patriot Act.
84
HN\1119595.7
ARTICLE 8 LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE
Section 8.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.
The Issuer may at any time, at the option of its Board of Directors as evidenced by a resolution set forth in an Officer's Certificate, elect to have either Section 8.02 or Section 8.03 applied to all outstanding Notes upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article 8.
Section 8.02 Legal Defeasance and Discharge.
Upon the Issuer's exercise under Section 8.01 of the option applicable to this Section 8.02, the Issuer, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04, will be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to the Notes issued under this Indenture and to have cured all then existing Events of Default on the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, "Legal Defeasance"). For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Issuer shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented by the outstanding Notes, which shall thereafter be deemed to be "outstanding" only for the purposes of Section 8.05 and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) below, and to have satisfied all its other obligations under this Indenture, the Notes and any supplemental indenture (and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following provisions which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder:
