Section 8.03 Covenant Defeasance.
85
HN\1119595.7
shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 6.01, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Notes and any supplemental indenture shall be unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Issuer's exercise under Section 8.01 of the option applicable to this Section 8.03, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04, the Events of Default set forth in Section 6.01 (except those relating to clauses (a) or (b) or, solely with respect to the Issuer, (h) or (i) of Section 6.01) shall not constitute Events of Default.
Section 8.04 Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance.
In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance with respect to the Notes issued under this Indenture:
(i) the Issuer must irrevocably deposit or cause to be deposited in trust with the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, cash in dollars, non-callable U.S. Government Obligations or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient, in the opinion of an internationally recognized investment bank, appraisal firm or firm of independent public accountants, to pay and discharge the principal of, premium, if any, and interest, on the outstanding Notes on the Stated Maturity or on the applicable redemption date, as the case may be, and the Issuer must (A) specify whether the Notes are being defeased to such Stated Maturity or to a particular redemption date; and (B) if applicable, have delivered to the Trustee an irrevocable notice to redeem all the outstanding Notes of such principal, premium, if any, or interest;
(ii) in the case of an election under Section 8.02, the Issuer must have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee stating that (A) the Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (B) since the date of the Indenture, there has been a change in applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the beneficial owners of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred;
(iii) in the case of an election under Section 8.03, the Issuer must deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee to the effect that the beneficial owners of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred;
