(ii) in the case of an election under Section 8.02, the Issuer must have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee stating that (A) the Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (B) since the date of the Indenture, there has been a change in applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the beneficial owners of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred;
(iv) the Issuer must have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Holders of the Notes over the other creditors of the Issuer with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding creditors of the Issuer or others; and
(v) the Issuer must have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, subject to customary assumptions and
86
HN\1119595.7
qualifications, each stating that all conditions precedent relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, have been complied with.
Section 8.05 Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions.
(a) Subject to Section 8.06, all money and non-callable U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee, collectively for purposes of this Section 8.05, the "Trustee") pursuant to Section 8.04 in respect of the outstanding Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Issuer acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of the Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.
(b) The Issuer shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or non-callable U.S. Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 8.04 or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes.
