(ii) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by the Issuer under this Indenture and the Notes; and
In addition, the Issuer must deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, each stating that all conditions precedent provided in this Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture have been satisfied; provided that any such counsel in providing such opinion may rely on any Officer's Certificate as to matters of fact (including as to compliance with the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 11.01(a)).
(b) With respect to the termination of obligations with respect to Section 11.01(a)(i)(A), the obligations of the Issuer under Section 7.06 shall survive. With respect to the termination of obligations with respect to Section 11.01(a)(i)(B), the obligations of the Issuer in Sections 2.03 (solely to the extent necessary to carry out its obligations that remain under this Indenture), 2.06, 2.07, 2.12, 4.01, 4.02 (solely to the extent necessary to carry out its obligations that remain under this Indenture), 4.06, 7.06, 7.07, 8.05 and 8.07 shall survive until the Notes are no longer outstanding. Thereafter, only the obligations of the Issuer in Sections 7.06, 7.07 and 8.07 shall survive. After any such irrevocable deposit and receipt of the Officer's Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, the Trustee upon request shall acknowledge in writing the discharge of the obligations of the Issuer under this Indenture, the Notes, and any supplemental indenture, except for those surviving obligations specified above.
(c) Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, if money has been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 11.01(a)(i)(B), the provisions of Sections 8.06 and 11.02 will survive. In addition, nothing in this Section 11.01 will be deemed to discharge those provisions of Section 7.06, that, by their terms, survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.
Section 11.02 Application of Trust Money.
(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 8.05, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 11.01 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Issuer acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal, Additional Amounts and premium, if any, and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with the Trustee; but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.
(b) If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with this Section 11.02 by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Issuer's obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 11.01; provided that if the Issuer has
94
HN\1119595.7
