c/o Deutsche Bank National Trust Company Trust & Securities Services 100 Plaza One, Mailstop JCY03-0699 Jersey City, New Jersey 07311 United States of America Attn: Corporates Team Deal Manager ­ North Atlantic Drilling Ltd. Facsimile No.: +1 732 578 4635
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch Winchester House 1 Great Winchester Street London EC2N 2DB Attention: Administrator ­ North Atlantic Drilling Ltd. ­ Debt and Agency Services Tel: +44 207 547 4038 Facsimile No.: +44 207 547 6149
(b) The Issuer or the Trustee, by notice to the others, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.
(c) All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) shall be deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed and confirmed by facsimile; when receipt acknowledged, if telecopied or transmitted by facsimile; and the next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery.
(d) All notices to the Holders (while any Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes) shall be delivered to DTC for communication to entitled account holders. So long as the Notes are traded on the Global Market Exchange and the rules and regulations of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, all notices to Holders will also be published in the Irish Times or in another daily newspaper published in Ireland by the Issuer or on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie). If publication as provided above is not practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee may approve. In the case of Definitive Registered Notes, notices will be mailed to Holders by first-class mail at their respective addresses as they appear on the records of the Registrar, unless stated otherwise in the register kept by, and at the registered office of the Issuer.
(e) Notices given by publication will be deemed given on the first date on which publication is made. Notices delivered to DTC will be deemed given on the date when delivered. Notices given by first class mail, postage paid, will be deemed given five calendar days after mailing whether or not the addressee receives it.
(f) If a notice or communication is mailed or published in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
If the Issuer mails a notice or communication to Holders or delivers a notice or communication to holders of Book-Entry Interests, it shall mail a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.
96
