Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:
(ii) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;
(iii) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, such Person has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and
(iv) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been satisfied.
Section 12.04 Rules by Trustee and Agents.
The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Registrar or Paying Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions.
Section 12.05 Agent for Service; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Immunities.
Each of the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or proceeding arising out of, related to, or in connection with this Indenture, the Notes and any supplemental indenture or the transactions contemplated hereby, and any action arising under U.S. federal or state securities laws, may be instituted in any U.S. federal or state court located in the State and City of New York, Borough of Manhattan; irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding; and irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The Issuer has appointed Seward & Kissel, LLP (attn: Gary J. Wolfe, Esq. and Robert E. Lustrin, Esq.) as its authorized agent upon whom process may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding which may be instituted in any federal or state court located in the State of New York, Borough of Manhattan arising out of or based upon this Indenture, the Notes or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and any action brought under
97
