Each of the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or proceeding arising out of, related to, or in connection with this Indenture, the Notes and any supplemental indenture or the transactions contemplated hereby, and any action arising under U.S. federal or state securities laws, may be instituted in any U.S. federal or state court located in the State and City of New York, Borough of Manhattan; irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding; and irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The Issuer has appointed Seward & Kissel, LLP (attn: Gary J. Wolfe, Esq. and Robert E. Lustrin, Esq.) as its authorized agent upon whom process may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding which may be instituted in any federal or state court located in the State of New York, Borough of Manhattan arising out of or based upon this Indenture, the Notes or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and any action brought under
HN\1119595.7
U.S. federal or state securities laws (the "Authorized Agent"). The Issuer expressly consents to the jurisdiction of any such court in respect of any such action and waives any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto and waives any right to trial by jury. Such appointment shall be irrevocable unless and until replaced by an agent reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The Issuer represents and warrants that the Authorized Agent has agreed to act as said agent for service of process, and the Issuer agrees to take any and all action, including the filing of any and all documents and instruments, that may be necessary to continue such appointment in full force and effect as aforesaid. Service of process upon the Authorized Agent and written notice of such service to the Issuer shall be deemed, in every respect, effective service of process upon the Issuer.
Section 12.06 No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders.
No director, officer, affiliate, employee, incorporator, member or shareholder of the Issuer will have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws.
Section 12.07 Governing Law.
THIS INDENTURE AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.
Section 12.08 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements.
This Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries or of any other Person. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture.
