98
of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.
Section 12.12 Table of Contents, Headings, etc.
The Table of Contents and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.
Section 12.13 Judgment Currency.
Any payment on account of an amount that is payable in U.S. Dollars, which is made to or for the account of any Holder or the Trustee in lawful currency of any other jurisdiction (the "Judgment Currency"), whether as a result of any judgment or order or the enforcement thereof or the liquidation of the Issuer, shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer's obligation under this Indenture and the Notes only to the extent of the amount of U.S. dollars that such Holder or the Trustee, as the case may be, could purchase in the London foreign exchange markets with the amount of the Judgment Currency in accordance with normal banking procedures at the rate of exchange prevailing on the first Business Day following receipt of the payment in the Judgment Currency. If the amount of U.S. dollars that could be so purchased is less than the amount of U.S. dollars originally due to such Holder or the Trustee, as the case may be, the Issuer shall indemnify and hold harmless the Holder or the Trustee, as the case may be, from and against all loss or damage arising out of, or as a result of, such deficiency. This indemnity shall constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Indenture or the Notes, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Holder or the Trustee from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due hereunder or under any judgment or order.
Section 12.14 Prescription.
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of principal or premium, if any, on the Notes will be prescribed six years after the applicable due date for payment thereof. Claims against the Issuer for the payment of interest on the Notes will be prescribed six years after the applicable due date for payment of interest.
(Signatures on following page)
