WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Subsequent Guarantor shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture and may execute and deliver to the Trustee a notation of guarantee pursuant to which the Subsequent Guarantor shall guarantee on the terms and subject to the provisions, including the limitations and conditions, set forth herein, in the Note Guarantee, in the Indenture including but not limited to Article 10 thereof, all of the Issuer's Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the "Guarantee"); and
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Subsequent Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows:
1. CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
2. AGREEMENT TO GUARANTEE. The Subsequent Guarantor hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the provisions, including the limitations and conditions, set forth herein, in the Note Guarantee and in the Indenture including but not limited to Article 10 thereof, and hereby further agrees to accede to the Indenture as a Guarantor and be bound by the covenants therein applicable to Guarantors.
3. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY.
(a) To evidence its Guarantee, the Subsequent Guarantor hereby agrees that a notation of such Guarantee shall be endorsed by an Officer of the Subsequent Guarantor on each Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or the Authentication Agent and that this Supplemental Indenture shall be executed on behalf of the Subsequent Guarantor by one of its Directors or Officers.
E-1
HN\1119595.7
(b) The Subsequent Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.
