(c) in the ordinary course of business and (in the case of this clause (c)) not exceeding $5.0 million in the aggregate outstanding at any time.
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and its successors.
"Net Proceeds" means the aggregate cash proceeds actually received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset Sale (including, without limitation, any cash received upon the sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received in any Asset Sale, but excluding any other consideration received in the form of assumption by the transferee of Indebtedness or other Obligations relating to the property or assets that are the subject of such Asset Sale or received in any other noncash form), net of the direct costs relating to such Asset Sale, including, without limitation, legal, accounting and investment banking fees, and sales commissions, and any relocation expenses incurred as a result of the Asset Sale, taxes paid or payable as a result of the Asset Sale, in each case, after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements, any amounts required to be applied to the repayment of Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the asset or assets that were the subject of such Asset Sale, all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in Subsidiaries as a result of such Asset Sale, all expenditures to inspect, repair or modify a Drilling Unit and bring such Drilling Unit to the condition and place of delivery in connection with the sale thereof, and any reserve for adjustment in respect of the sale price of such asset or assets established in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
16
HN\1119595.7
"Net Tangible Assets" means, as of any date, total assets, less goodwill and other intangible assets and liabilities, in each case as shown on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which any calculation of Net Tangible Assets is being made.
"Note Guarantee" means the Guarantee by each Guarantor of the Issuer's obligations under this Indenture and the Notes, executed by way of a supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture.
"Obligations" means any principal, interest, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities payable under the documentation governing any Indebtedness.
"Offering" means the offering of the Initial Notes by the Issuer.
