ARTICLE 2 THE NOTES
(a) General. The Notes and the certificates of authentication will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage and as provided herein. The Issuer shall approve the form of the Notes and any notation, legend or endorsement thereon. Each Note will be dated the date of its authentication. The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Issuer and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling. The Notes will be represented by global notes and will be issued only in fully registered form without interest coupons and only in minimum denominations of $200,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.
(b) Global Notes. Notes issued in global form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon and a "Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note" substantially in the form of Schedule A attached thereto). Each Global Note will represent such of the outstanding Notes as will be specified therein and each shall provide that it represents the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions and purchases and cancellations. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby will be made by the Paying Agent, at the direction of the Trustee, or the Trustee in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 2.06.
(c) 144A Global Notes and Regulation S Global Notes. Notes sold within the United States to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act shall be issued initially in the form of a 144A Global Note, without interest coupons, which shall be deposited with the Custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of DTC, duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee or the Authentication Agent as hereinafter provided. The aggregate principal amount of the 144A Global Note may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on Schedule A to each such Global Note, as hereinafter provided.
Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S shall be issued initially in the form of a Regulation S Global Note, without interest coupons, which shall be deposited with the Custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of DTC, duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee or Authentication Agent as hereinafter provided. The aggregate principal amount of the Regulation S Global Note may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on Schedule A to each such Global Note, as hereinafter provided.
(d) Definitive Registered Notes. Definitive Registered Notes issued upon transfer of a BookEntry Interest or a Definitive Registered Note, or in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest or a Definitive Registered Note, shall be issued in accordance with this Indenture.
28
HN\1119595.7
Notes issued in definitive registered form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (excluding the Global Note Legend thereon and without the "Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note" in the form of Schedule A attached thereto).
