HN\1119595.7
(e) Book-Entry Provisions. The Applicable Procedures shall be applicable to Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes that are held by Participants through DTC.
(f) Denomination. Notes shall be in denominations of $200,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above $200,000.
Section 2.02 Execution and Authentication.
(a) One Officer of the Issuer or one member of the Issuer's Board of Directors shall attest to the Notes for the Issuer by manual, facsimile or electronic (including "pdf") signature.
(b) If an Officer whose signature is on a Note no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note, the Note shall nevertheless be valid.
(c) A Note shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Trustee manually authenticates the Note. The signature of the Trustee on a Note shall be conclusive evidence that such Note has been duly and validly authenticated and issued under this Indenture. A Note shall be dated the date of its authentication.
(d) At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery: (1) Initial Notes for original issue on the Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of $600,000,000 and (2) subject to the terms of this Indenture, Additional Notes for original issue in an unlimited principal amount, in each case upon a written order of the Company signed by one Officer of the Company (the "Company Order"). Such Company Order shall specify whether the Notes will be in the form of Definitive Notes or Global Notes, the amount of the Notes to be authenticated and the date on which the original issue of Notes is to be authenticated and whether the Notes are to be Initial Notes or Additional Notes
(e) The Trustee may appoint one or more authentication agents (each, an "Authentication Agent") acceptable to the Issuer to authenticate Notes. Such an agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An Authentication Agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with Holders or an Affiliate of the Issuer.
