(d) At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery: (1) Initial Notes for original issue on the Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of $600,000,000 and (2) subject to the terms of this Indenture, Additional Notes for original issue in an unlimited principal amount, in each case upon a written order of the Company signed by one Officer of the Company (the "Company Order"). Such Company Order shall specify whether the Notes will be in the form of Definitive Notes or Global Notes, the amount of the Notes to be authenticated and the date on which the original issue of Notes is to be authenticated and whether the Notes are to be Initial Notes or Additional Notes
Section 2.03 Paying Agent, Registrars and Transfer Agents.
The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a "Paying Agent") for the Notes in each of (i) the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York and (ii) London, United Kingdom, for so long as the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules and regulations of the Irish Stock Exchange so require. The Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended from time to time) or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meetings of November 26, 2000 and November 27, 2000 on the taxation of savings income, or any law implementing, or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such directive. The initial Paying Agents will be Deutsche Bank
29
HN\1119595.7
Trust Company Americas in New York and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and each hereby accepts its appointment as such.
The Issuer will also maintain a registrar (the "Registrar") with an office in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York. The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent") in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York. The initial Registrar will be Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in the City of New York which hereby accepts its appointment as such. The initial Transfer Agent will be Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in the City of New York which hereby accepts its appointment as such. The Registrar in the City of New York and the Transfer Agent will maintain a register (the "Register") reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined herein), if any, outstanding from time to time and will facilitate transfer of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined herein) on the behalf of the Issuer. A copy of the Register will be sent to the Issuer on the Issue Date and promptly after any change to the Holders of Notes made by the Registrar, with such copy to be held by the Issuer at its registered office. In the case of discrepancy between the Register and the register kept by, and at the registered office of, the Issuer, the registrations in the register held by, and at the registered office of, the Issuer shall prevail for Bermuda law purposes. The Transfer Agent shall perform the functions of a transfer agent.
The Issuer may change the Paying Agents, Registrar or Transfer Agent (subject, in the case of a Paying Agent, to the condition described in the first paragraph of this Section 2.03) without prior notice to the Holders. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules and regulations of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules and regulations, post such notice on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie) in accordance with Section 12.01.
Section 2.04 Paying Agent to Hold Money.
