The Issuer may change the Paying Agents, Registrar or Transfer Agent (subject, in the case of a Paying Agent, to the condition described in the first paragraph of this Section 2.03) without prior notice to the Holders. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules and regulations of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules and regulations, post such notice on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie) in accordance with Section 12.01.
Each Paying Agent will hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of, interest, premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes, and shall notify the Trustee in writing of any Default by the Issuer in making any such payment. While any such Default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by the Paying Agent to the Trustee. The Issuer at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary) shall have no further liability for the money. Upon any insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating to the Issuer (including, without limitation, its bankruptcy, voluntary or judicial liquidation, composition with creditors, reprieve from payment, controlled management, fraudulent conveyance, general settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally), the Paying Agent shall serve as an agent of the Trustee for the Notes.
Section 2.05 Holder Lists.
The Registrar shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of all Holders. If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is not the Registrar, the Issuer shall furnish or cause the Registrar to furnish, to the Trustee and each Paying Agent at least seven Business Days before each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee or the Paying Agent may request in writing, a list of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes in such form and as of such date as the Trustee or the Paying Agent may reasonably require.
30
HN\1119595.7
Section 2.06 Transfer and Exchange.
(a) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole by a Depositary to the Custodian or a nominee of such Custodian, by the Custodian or a nominee of such Depositary, or by such Custodian or Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or Custodian or a nominee thereof.
All Global Notes will be exchanged by the Issuer for Definitive Registered Notes:
