(a) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole by a Depositary to the Custodian or a nominee of such Custodian, by the Custodian or a nominee of such Depositary, or by such Custodian or Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or Custodian or a nominee thereof.
(i) If requested by a Holder of such interests;
(ii) if DTC is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for the Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days.
Upon the occurrence of any of the preceding events in clauses (i) through (ii) above, the Issuer shall issue or cause to be issued Definitive Registered Notes in such names as the relevant Depositary shall instruct the Trustee.
Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.07 and 2.10. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 2.06(a). Book-Entry Interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.06(b) or (c).
(b) General Provisions Applicable to Transfer and Exchange of Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of Book-Entry Interests shall be effected through the relevant Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures.
In connection with all transfers and exchanges of Book-Entry Interests (other than transfers of Book-Entry Interests in connection with which the transferor takes delivery thereof in the form of a Book-Entry Interest in the same Global Note), the Transfer Agent and the Paying Agent must receive: (i) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to debit from the transferor a Book-Entry Interest in an amount equal to the Book-Entry Interest to be transferred or exchanged; (ii) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a Book-Entry Interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the Book-Entry Interest to be transferred or exchanged; and (iii) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited or debited with such increase or decrease, if applicable.
In connection with a transfer or exchange of a Book-Entry Interest for a Definitive Registered Note, the Transfer Agent, the Paying Agent and the Registrar must receive: (i) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to debit from the transferor a Book-Entry Interest in an amount equal to the Book-Entry Interest to be transferred or exchanged; (ii) a written order from a Participant directing the Registrar to cause to be issued a Definitive Registered Note in an amount equal to the Book-Entry Interest to be transferred or exchanged; and (iii) instructions containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Registered Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to above.
31
