(h) Exchanges of Book-Entry Interests in Global Notes for Unrestricted Definitive Notes. To the extent permitted by the Depositary, a Holder of a Book-Entry Interest in a Global Note may exchange such Book-Entry Interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note only if the Trustee receives a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof.
The Issuer shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order from the Issuer in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee or the Authentication Agent shall authenticate, one or more Definitive Registered Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Book-Entry Interests so exchanged and in the names set forth in the instructions received by the Registrar. Any Definitive Registered Note issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(h) shall not bear the Private Placement Legend.
(i) Exchanges of Definitive Registered Notes for Book-Entry Interests in Global Notes. Any Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note may exchange such Note for a Book-Entry Interest in a Global Note if such exchange complies with Section 2.06(b) above, such exchange takes place after the expiration of the Restricted Period and the Registrar receives a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof.
Upon satisfaction of the foregoing conditions, the Registrar shall (i) deliver such Note to the Trustee for cancellation pursuant to Section 2.11 hereof; (ii) record such exchange on the Register; (iii) instruct the Depositary to deliver the applicable Global Note; (iv) endorse Schedule A to such Global Note to reflect the increase in principal amount resulting from such exchange; and (v) thereafter, return the Global Note to the Depositary together with all information regarding the Participant accounts to be credited in connection with such exchange.
(j) Transfer of Restricted Definitive Notes for Definitive Registered Notes. Any Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note may transfer such Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of Definitive Registered Notes if the transfer complies with Section 2.06(b) above and the Registrar receives a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in either item (1), (2) or (3) thereof; provided that, in the case of a transfer after the expiration of the Restricted Period by a Holder of a Regulation S Definitive Note, no additional documentation is required.
Upon the receipt of any Definitive Registered Note, the Registrar shall deliver the Note to the Trustee for cancellation of such Note pursuant to Section 2.11 hereof and complete and deliver to the Issuer the applicable Definitive Registered Note. The Issuer shall execute and the Trustee or the
37
HN\1119595.7
Authentication Agent shall authenticate and deliver such Definitive Registered Note to such Person(s) as the Holder of the surrendered Definitive Registered Note shall designate.
