(iv) All Global Notes and Definitive Registered Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Registered Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive Registered Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.
38
HN\1119595.7
interest payment date; or (D) which the Holder has tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer. Any such transfer will be made without charge to the Holder, other than any taxes, duties and governmental charges payable in connection with such transfer.
(vi) The Trustee, any Agent and the Issuer may deem and treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of, interest, and premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Issuer shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
(vii) All certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Issuer, the Transfer Agent, the Paying Agent or the Registrar pursuant to this Section 2.06 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted initially by facsimile with originals to be delivered promptly thereafter to the Trustee.
(viii) Trustee and Agents shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among any depositary participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Notes) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.
(ix) Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. None of the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agents or Transfer Agents shall have any responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, any Agent Member or other member of, or a participant in, DTC or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of DTC or any nominee or participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to the delivery to any Agent Member or other participant, member, beneficial owner or other Person (other than DTC) of any notice or the payment of any amount or delivery of any Notes (or other security or property) under or with respect to such Notes. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders in respect of the Notes shall be given or made only to or upon the order of the registered Holders (which shall be DTC or its nominee in the case of a Global Note). The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through DTC, subject to its applicable rules and procedures. The Trustee, Registrar, Paying Agents and Transfer Agents may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by DTC with respect to its Agent Members and other members, participants and any beneficial owners.
Section 2.07 Replacement Notes.
