(ix) Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. None of the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agents or Transfer Agents shall have any responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, any Agent Member or other member of, or a participant in, DTC or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of DTC or any nominee or participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to the delivery to any Agent Member or other participant, member, beneficial owner or other Person (other than DTC) of any notice or the payment of any amount or delivery of any Notes (or other security or property) under or with respect to such Notes. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders in respect of the Notes shall be given or made only to or upon the order of the registered Holders (which shall be DTC or its nominee in the case of a Global Note). The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through DTC, subject to its applicable rules and procedures. The Trustee, Registrar, Paying Agents and Transfer Agents may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by DTC with respect to its Agent Members and other members, participants and any beneficial owners.
(a) If any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Registrar, the Transfer Agent or the Issuer and the Registrar, Transfer Agent and the Issuer receive evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, the Issuer shall issue and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate or cause the Authentication Agent to authenticate a replacement Note if the Trustee's requirements are met. An indemnity bond must be supplied by the Holder that is sufficient in the judgment of the Trustee and the Issuer to protect the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent and any
39
HN\1119595.7
Authentication Agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Issuer may charge the Holder for its expenses in replacing a Note, including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and the Trustee. In the event of any such mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may pay such Note instead of issuing a new Note in replacement thereof.
(b) Every replacement Note is an additional obligation of the Issuer and shall be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with all other Notes duly issued hereunder.
(c) The provisions of this Section 2.07 are exclusive and preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or wrongfully taken Notes.
Section 2.08 Outstanding Notes.
The Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest in a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof, and those described in this Section 2.08 as not outstanding. Except as set forth in Section 2.09 hereof, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer holds the Note; however, Notes held by the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer shall not be deemed to be outstanding for purposes of Section 3.07(a) hereof.
