(a) Until certificates representing Notes are ready for delivery, the Issuer may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate or cause the Authentication Agent to authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of definitive Notes but may have variations that the Issuer considers appropriate for temporary Notes and as such shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Without unreasonable delay, the Issuer shall prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes.
HN\1119595.7
(b) Holders of temporary Notes shall be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture.
Section 2.11 Cancellation.
The Issuer at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar, each Paying Agent and any Transfer Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee shall cancel Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and shall destroy canceled Notes in accordance with its applicable procedures (subject to the record retention requirement of the Exchange Act). Certification of the destruction of all canceled Notes shall be delivered to the Issuer following a written request from the Issuer. The Issuer may not issue new Notes to replace Notes that it has paid or that have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. So long as any Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules and regulations of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer undertakes to promptly inform the Irish Stock Exchange on any such cancellation.
Section 2.12 Defaulted Interest.
If the Issuer defaults in a payment of interest on the Notes, it shall pay the defaulted interest in any lawful manner plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest, to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special record date, which special record date shall be the fifteenth day next preceding the date fixed by the Issuer for payment, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee and Paying Agent as soon as practicable in writing of the amount of defaulted interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment. The Issuer shall fix or cause to be fixed each such special record date and payment date, provided that no such special record date shall be less than 10 days prior to the related payment date for such defaulted interest. At least 15 days before the special record date, the Issuer (or, upon the written request of the Issuer at least five Business Days or shorter period as may be agreed with the Trustee prior to when such notice is to be sent, the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuer) shall deliver to the Holders in accordance with Section 12.01 a notice that states the special record date, the related payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid. So long as any Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules and regulations of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer undertakes to promptly inform the Irish Stock Exchange of any such special record date.
Section 2.13 Further Issues.
(a) The Notes may be issued in one or more series. All Notes of any one series shall be substantially identical except as to denomination.
