If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note will state the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed. With respect to Notes that are held in certificated form, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note will be issued in the name of the Holder of Notes upon cancellation of the original Note. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes redeemed.
The Trustee will promptly notify the Issuer in writing of the Notes selected for redemption or purchase and, in the case of any Note selected for partial redemption or purchase, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed or purchased. Notes and portions of Notes selected will be in principal amounts of $1,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof (provided that Notes of $200,000 or less may only be redeemed in whole and not in part); except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder shall be redeemed or purchased. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption or purchase also apply to portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase.
Section 3.03 Notice of Redemption.
(a) At least 30 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Issuer shall deliver, pursuant to Section 12.01, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Articles 8 or 11. If the Trustee is to provide notice to the Holders of Notes on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer must make such written request to the Trustee no later than 5 Business Days prior to the date that such notice is to be delivered. For Notes which are represented by Global Notes held on behalf of DTC, notices may be given by delivery of the relevant notices to DTC for communication to entitled account holders in substitution for the aforesaid mailing. So long as any Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules and regulations of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, any such notice to the Holders of the relevant Notes shall also be published by the Issuer in a newspaper having a general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie) and, in connection with any redemption, the Issuer will notify the Irish Stock Exchange of any change in the principal amount of
43
HN\1119595.7
Notes outstanding. Any redemption or notice may, in the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent.
(b) The notice shall identify the Notes to be redeemed and corresponding CUSIP, ISIN or Common Code numbers, as applicable, and shall state:
(i) the redemption date;
