(viii) the paragraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for redemption are being redeemed; and
(c) At the Issuer's request at least five Business Days prior to the date that such notice of redemption is to be sent (or such shorter period as the Trustee in its sole discretion shall determine), the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Issuer's name and at the Issuer's expense in accordance with Section 12.01; provided, however, that the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice as provided in Section 3.03(b).
Section 3.04 Effect of Notice of Redemption.
Once notice of redemption is given in accordance with Section 3.03 and Section 12.01, Notes called for redemption become due and payable on the redemption date at the redemption price stated in
44
HN\1119595.7
the notice, subject to any conditions set out in the notice of redemption. On and after a redemption date, interest shall cease to accrue on such Notes or portion of them called for redemption, subject to any conditions set out in the notice of redemption. Failure to give notice or any defect in notice to any Holder shall not affect the validity of the notice to any other Holder.
Section 3.05 Deposit of Purchase or Redemption Price.
(a) No later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the purchase or redemption date, the Issuer shall deposit with the Paying Agent (or, if requested by the Trustee, the Trustee) money in U.S. dollars sufficient to pay the redemption price of, and accrued interest, premium and Additional Amounts (if any) on, all Notes to be redeemed or purchased on that date. The Trustee or Paying Agent shall, upon receipt of written instructions, including wire instructions, promptly return to the Issuer any money deposited with the Trustee or Paying Agent, as applicable, by the Issuer in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the redemption price of, accrued interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on, all Notes to be purchased or redeemed. The Trustee or Paying Agent shall inform the Issuer as to the existence of such excess amounts as soon as reasonably practicable after such excess amounts are deposited with the Trustee or Paying Agent.
