The Issuer is not required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.
If, pursuant to Section 4.10 hereof, the Issuer shall be required to commence an Asset Sale Offer (as defined in Section 4.10), it shall follow the procedures specified below.
The Asset Sale Offer shall remain open for a period of at least 20 Business Days following its commencement and not more than 30 Business Days, except to the extent that a longer period is required by applicable law (the "Asset Sale Offer Period"). No later than three Business Days after the termination of the Asset Sale Offer Period (the "Asset Sale Payment Date"), the Issuer shall apply all Excess Proceeds to purchase the principal amount of Notes and the other pari passu Indebtedness required to be purchased pursuant to Section 4.10 hereof (the "Offer Amount") or, if less than the Offer Amount has been tendered, all Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness tendered in response to the Asset Sale Offer. Payment for any Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness so purchased shall be made in the same manner as interest payments are made.
If the Asset Sale Payment Date is on or after a regular record date and on or before the related interest payment date, any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on such regular record date, and no additional interest shall be payable to Holders who tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer.
Upon the commencement of an Asset Sale Offer, the Issuer shall send, by first class mail, a notice to the Trustee and each of the Holders. The notice shall contain all instructions and materials necessary to enable such Holders to tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer. The Asset Sale Offer shall be made to all Holders.
On or before the Asset Sale Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful, accept for payment, on a pro rata basis to the extent necessary, the Offer Amount of Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness or portions thereof tendered pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer, or if less than the Offer Amount has been tendered or less than all of the Notes tendered pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer are accepted for payment by the Issuer for any reason consistent with this Indenture, all Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness tendered or accepted, and shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate stating that such Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness or portions thereof were accepted for payment by the
47
HN\1119595.7
Issuer in accordance with the terms of this Section 3.10. The Issuer, the Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly (but in any case not later than three Business Days after the termination of the Asset Sale Offer Period) mail or deliver to each tendering Holder an amount equal to the purchase price of the Notes properly tendered by such Holder and accepted by the Issuer for purchase, and the Issuer shall promptly issue a new Note, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order from the Issuer shall promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entity) such new Note to such Holder, in a principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered, if any; provided that each Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. Any Note not so accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by the Issuer to the Holder thereof. The Issuer shall publicly announce the results of the Asset Sale Offer on the Asset Sale Payment Date.
