HN\1119595.7
Other than as specifically provided in this Section 3.10, any purchase pursuant to this Section 3.10 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof.
ARTICLE 4 COVENANTS
Section 4.01 Payment of Notes.
No later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on a payment date, the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid the principal of, interest and premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes in the manner provided in the Notes. Principal, premium, if any, Additional Amounts, if any, and interest shall be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent, if other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary thereof, holds as of 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the due date, money deposited by the Issuer in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all principal, premium, Additional Amounts, if any, and interest then due.
Principal of, interest, premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on Global Notes will be payable at the corporate trust office or agency of the Paying Agent maintained in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York for such purposes and, for as long as any Notes are admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market and listed on the Irish Stock Exchange in the case of Definitive Notes, at the office of the Paying Agent appointed in London, United Kingdom. All payments on the Global Notes will be made by transfer of immediately available funds to an account of the Holder of the Global Notes in accordance with instructions given by that Holder.
Principal of, interest, premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on any Definitive Registered Notes will be payable at the corporate trust office or agency of any Paying Agent in any location required to be maintained for such purposes pursuant to Section 2.03. In addition, interest on Definitive Registered Notes may be paid by check mailed to the person entitled thereto as shown on the Register for such Definitive Registered Notes.
The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at the rate equal to 1% per annum in excess of the then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful. The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful.
48
