The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at the rate equal to 1% per annum in excess of the then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful. The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful.
HN\1119595.7
Section 4.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency.
The Issuer shall maintain the offices and agencies specified in Section 2.03. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Issuer shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.
The Issuer may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Issuer of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the City of New York and London, United Kingdom, for such purposes. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.
The Issuer hereby designates the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee (the address of which is specified in Section 12.01) as one such office or agency of the Issuer in accordance with Section 2.03.
Section 4.03 Provision of Information.
(a) So long as any Notes are outstanding and whether or not the Issuer is then subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer will furnish to the Trustee:
(i) within 70 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year, quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements (including a balance sheet and statement of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flow) for and as of the end of such fiscal quarter and year to date period (with comparable financial statements for the corresponding fiscal quarter and year to date period of the immediately preceding fiscal year);
