"Issuer" means eTRAVELi AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden (reg. no. 556821-9694, P.O. Box 1340, SE-7551 43 Uppsala, Sweden).
"Joint Bookrunners" means Nordea Bank AB (publ) (reg. no. 516406-0120, SE-105 71 Stockholm, Sweden) and Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE103 91 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on OMX or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with the undertakings set out in Clause 12, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent, of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) or (ii) the Group EBITDA according to the latest Financial Report.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any obligations under any counter indemnity undertaking in relation to guarantees issued and any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash and cash equivalents for which a corresponding amount is owed to IATA), including funds held on the Escrow Account, of the Group in accordance with the applicable accounting principles of the Group from time to time.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Joint Bookrunners for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account.
"New Share Issue in Kind" means a new share issue in kind in the Issuer to the current owners of ETIGH as partial payment to the current owners of all of the shares in ETIGFI.
