If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or
15
Documents, the Security Agent is obligated, subject only to Clause 15.3, to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the security created under the Security Documents. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Security Agent shall not enforce any of the security created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee/Security Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the security created under the Security Documents in accordance with the procedures set out in Clauses 17-19, the Bond Trustee/Security Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security created under the Security Documents, subject only to Clause 15.3. The Bond Trustee/Security Agent is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee/Security Agent considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee/Security Agent indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's/Security Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
Funds that the Security Agent receives on account of the Holders in connection with the enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Security Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The Security Agent shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. If the Bond Trustee/Security Agent deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Clause 5.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
For the puipose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Bond Trustee/Security Agent under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any security created under the Security Documents, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Bond Trustee/Security Agent to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 5.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee/Security Agent provide the Bond Trustee/Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's/Security Agent's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee/Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Clause 5.7. Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Bond Trustee's/Security Agent's request, provide the Bond Trustee/Security Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Bond Trustee/Security Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Bond Trustee/Security Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 5.7 to the Holders through the CSD.
THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY
Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or fonnalities to be complied with.
16
6.2
