The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on any Banking Day falling after the First Call Date but before the Final Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
11.3.3 11.4 11.5
11.6 11.6.1
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 20 Banking Days' notice to the Holders and the Bond Trustee. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Voluntary Partial Repayment
The Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding EUR 10,000 of principal debt outstanding per Bond (rounded off to a multiple of EUR 100) at one occasion per twelve month period during the first three years after the Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than 20 Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount, plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 3.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
Equity Claw Back
The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35 per cent, o f the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 65 per cent, of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering), and the Issuer shall give not less than 20 Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 5.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, or such lower amount as is set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
