The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35 per cent, o f the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 65 per cent, of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering), and the Issuer shall give not less than 20 Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 5.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, or such lower amount as is set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of 60 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.8.1(e). The 60 calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
20
11.6.2
11.6.3 11.6.4 12. 12.1
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.8.1(e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.8.1(e). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Banking Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.6 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
