"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Applicable Premium" means the higher of (a) 1.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, or (b) an amount equal to (i) the present value of 105.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount of the Bonds; plus (ii) the present value of all required scheduled interest payments due on the Bonds up to and including the First Call Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant redemption date); (iii) computed upon the redemption date using the discount rate equal to the Swedish Government Bond Rate at such redemption rate plus 50 basis points; minus (iv) the Nominal Amount.
1
"Bank" means Nordea Bank AB (publ), reg. no. 516406-0120, SE-105 71 Stockholm, Sweden or any credit institution replacing Nordea Bank AB (publ).
"Banking Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw.julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Banking Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Banking Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Banking Day.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date.
"Bond Trustee" means Swedish Trustee AB (publ) (reg. no. 556882-1879, c/o Stiftelsen Ackordscentralen, Strandvägen 35, SE-114 56 Stockholm, Sweden), or another party replacing it, as Bond Trustee, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
