15.8
reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Bond Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Bond Trustee according to Clause 15.5.
If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 15.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within 10 Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated, however, always subject to Clause 15.3. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 17 (.Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Bond Trustee to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated, however, always subject to Clause 15.3. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Bond Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default and whether such event has a Material Adverse Effect.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 17 {Decisions by Holders), the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated, however, always subject to Clause 15.3. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Bond Trustee harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Bond Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 15, the Bond Trustee shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 15 without relevant decision by the Bond Trustee or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 17 {Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with a redemption amount equal to 105.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount or such lower amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount, as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Bond Trustee:
