Any matter not covered by Clause 17.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than 50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any waiver of the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 20.1 (a) or (b)) or termination of the Bonds.
Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 20 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Bond Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Bond Trustee's consent, as appropriate.
A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
