"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Group EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" has the meaning set forth in Clause 13.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in a Group Company or any direct, or indirect, parent o f the Issuer, after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held with the Bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Bond Trustee) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Bond Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Bond Trustee).
"ETIGH" means European Travel Interactive Group Holding AB (reg. no. 556759-6233), P.O. Box 1340, SE-751 43 Uppsala, Sweden.
"EURIBOR" means:
