The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Bond Trustee, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE BOND TRUSTEE/SECURITY AGENT
Appointment of Bond Trustee/Security Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Bond Trustee/Security Agent to act as its bond trustee/security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Bond Trustee/Security Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Bond Trustee/Security Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee/Security Agent provide the Bond Trustee/Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee/Security Agent), as the Bond Trustee/Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee/Security Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee/Security Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee/Security Agent), that the Bond Trustee/Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee/Security Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents, the Agent Agreement and the Security Agent Agreement and the Bond Trustee's/Security Agent's obligations as bond trustee/security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Bond Trustee/Security Agent may act as bond trustee/security agent or Bond Trustee/Security Agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
