12.3 12 4 12.4.1
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 12.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. The Issuer shall, together with the financial statements or within 20 days from the request of the Agent, shall submit to the Agent a Compliance Certificate (i) containing a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it, and (ii) attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Note Loan is admitted to trading.
Information from the Agent
Subject to the restrictions of a non-disclosure agreement entered into by the Agent in accordance with Clause 12.2.2, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
If a committee representing the Noteholders' interests under the Finance Documents has been appointed by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Noteholders), the members of such committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information received from the Issuer, provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of such members, is beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders. The Agent shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the members of the committee.
Information among the Noteholders
Upon request by a Noteholder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Noteholders any information from such Noteholder which relates to the Notes. The Agent may require that the requesting Noteholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed.
Publication of Finance Documents
