7 Final redemption of the Notes and payments
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Notes at their Nominal Amounts on the Final Redemption Date. Payment of the Nominal Amounts and interest accrued but unpaid up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date will be made to the persons who are Holders on the Record Date.
8
7.2 Payments of principal and interest If a Holder has with its Account Operator registered that capital and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, deposits of principal and interest will be effected by the CSD on the relevant Interest Payment Date or Redemption Date (as applicable). In other cases, payments of principal and interest will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of the relevant amount, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person who was not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the CSD has acted with normal care.
8 Default interest
8.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount on the relevant due date, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to STIBOR plus 2.00 percentage units, from (but excluding) the relevant due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment. STIBOR shall be determined for each weekly period of delay. Default interest shall, however, subject to Condition 8.2, never be less than the Interest Rate plus 2.00 percentage units. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised.
8.2 If the delay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Agent or the CSD, respectively, as set out in Condition 18.1, the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
9 Early redemption in the event of change of control or Listing Failure 9.1 Provided that the Agent has given notice to the Holders that (i) someone is unconditionally
obligated to make an offer to the relevant stock market to acquire all of the shares of the Company pursuant to the Takeover Act (lag (2006:451) om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden på aktiemarknaden) or (ii) a Listing Failure has occurred, each Holder may individually within 30 Banking Days from being so notified call for an early redemption by the Company of all Notes of that Holder in their entirety. A call for early redemption shall be made by the Holders in writing in accordance with Condition 17.2. 9.2 The Company shall redeem the relevant Notes according to Condition 9.1 on the last Banking Day which falls in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which the relevant notice for an early redemption call was received, provided that the relevant Holder's Notes have been blocked for further transfer not later than on the fifth Banking Day preceding such date. Each Note shall be redeemed at the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Condition 5 (Interest). 9.3 Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 9 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold.
