creditors of the Company).
12.3 Termination for early redemption on the grounds mentioned in Condition 12.1 (b), (c), (h) or (i) and on grounds mentioned in Condition 12.1 (d)-(f) relating to a Group Company guaranteed by the Company, may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it will adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the termination.
12.4 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to exist.
12.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent of any circumstance of the type specified in Condition 12.1 or Condition 9.1 occurring immediately upon gaining knowledge of the relevant circumstance having occurred. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Condition 12.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may reasonably request regarding any circumstances referred to in Condition 12.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Condition provided that information made public to the shareholders of the Company shall be deemed to have been already delivered to the Agent.
12.6 If a right to accelerate the redemption of the Notes according to this Condition 12 (Acceleration of the Notes) exists, the Agent shall consider, within ten Banking Days of the day of gaining knowledge thereof, if the redemption of the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent has decided not to accelerate the redemption of the Notes, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that a circumstance described in Condition 12.1 exists and its decision to not take any action in relation thereto and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders
12
according to the provisions in Condition 13 (The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.).
13 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.
13.1 General
