(b) A demand by a Holder (or Holders) in accordance with Condition 13.2 (a) shall be made in writing to the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within 20 Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, rules or regulations or cannot be implemented due to technical restrictions at the CSD or Nasdaq Stockholm or (iii) it is clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.
(d) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder included in the definition of Adjusted Total Nominal Amount is entitled to vote. Each Note shall entitle its Holder to one vote per SEK 1,000,000 of the Nominal Amount held by such Holder. A Holder that holds more than one Note must vote in the same manner for all Notes held. However, a Holder that is also a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act may vote differently for different underlying accountholders. The resolution of the Holders shall, subject to the requirements for Qualified Majority set out in Condition 13.2 (e) below, be the opinion which represents the majority of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount for the Notes.
(e) In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds when (1) one of the situations from a special undertaking in accordance with Condition 11 (Special undertakings) is waived, (2) change of Agent upon demand by the Company or the Holders, (3) amendment of a condition in these Terms and Conditions, subject to (ii) below; or
(ii) three quarters when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount and (3) amendment of the conditions in this Condition 13.2 (e).
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure In writing, the Agent) will prevail.
14
(f) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within 15 minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Notes represented.
(g) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is led by that person until present and represented Holders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that has been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and draw up minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard from unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard from answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
