(f) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within 15 minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Notes represented.
(h) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate, a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
(i) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding on all Holders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
(j) The Company shall bear all cost for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
13.3 Replacement of Agent
13.3.1 Subject to Condition 13.3.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Company and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of written procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
15
13.3.2 Subject to Condition 13.3.6, if the Agent is subject to insolvency proceedings, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Company shall within ten Banking Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
13.3.3 A Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10 per cent, of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Company (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Holder on the Banking Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a meeting of Holders is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a meeting of Holders convened by it or by way of written procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
