13.3.2 Subject to Condition 13.3.6, if the Agent is subject to insolvency proceedings, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Company shall within ten Banking Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
13.3.4 If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within 90 days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Company shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
13.3.5 The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under these Terms and Conditions.
13.3.6 Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
13.3.7 Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Terms and Conditions but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Company and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
13.3.8 In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Condition 13.3 (Replacement of Agent), the Company shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions. Unless the Company and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
13.4 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent, the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 12.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding
16
