The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent, the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 12.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding
of Notes against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 12 (.Acceleration of the Notes) and 13.1 (General). 13.5 Funds received by the Agent Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Notes constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interestbearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds to the relevant person(s) as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt thereof.
14 Amendments of the Terms and Conditions 14.1 The Agent may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms
and Conditions if such amendment does not limit the obligation of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, in the Agents discretion, may adversely affect the interests of the Holders, materially or that the amendment is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions. Subject to requisite decision of the Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.), the Agent may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments. 14.2 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
15 Time limitations 15.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be time limited and become void ten
years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be time limited and become void three years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment has been time limited and has become void. 15.2 If such term of limitation periods are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Statutory Limitations (Preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period as such date is determined pursuant with the provisions of the Swedish Act on Statutory Limitations.
16 Allocation of payments 16.1 Payments prior to an acceleration
If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment of the Nominal Amount.
17
