(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Obligors of their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or Profit, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Obligors), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Obligors' financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Loan Agreement.
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(c) The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Loan Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement.
(d) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1(c); provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders of such Issue. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in the event that any Bondholder of such Issue submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
(e) The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1(c) or 17.1(d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.
(f) The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of such Issue.
(g) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
