(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuers shall be given the opportunity to state their views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(e) Any changes to this Bond Loan Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Loan Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee and each of the Obligors.
(f) If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Bond Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Obligors.
(g) If (1) a Buy Out Notice is provided (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and (2) the Security Agent receives from the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or its nominee or nominees an amount equal to the Buy Out Amount (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent shall without undue delay transfer all the rights and obligations under the Bonds to the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or its nominee or nominees. The Security Agent is authorised and instructed by the Bondholders to
58
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
take all steps necessary to effect such transfer, including instructing the account manager or custodian of each Bondholder to transfer the Bonds registered with the Securities Depository to the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or it nominee or nominees.
(h) Without limiting the generality of Section 17.4(a), the Bond Trustee is hereby appointed to act as the holder of an irrevocable power of attorney (fonde de pouvoir within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec) of the Bondholders in order to hold hypothecs and security granted by any Obligor on property pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec. The execution by the Bond Trustee, acting as fonde de pouvoir of the Bondholders, prior to this Bond Loan Agreement of any deeds of hypothec or other security documents is hereby ratified and confirmed. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 32 of An Act respecting the special powers o f legal persons (Quebec), the Bond Trustee may acquire and be the holder of any Bonds. The constitution of the Bond Trustee as fonde de pouvoir shall be deemed to have been ratified and confirmed by each Bondholder by its subscription, purchase or other transfer of the Bonds and by each successor Bond Trustee upon it becoming a successor Bond Trustee in accordance with this Bond Loan Agreement.
