(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Banking Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Banking Day.
(a) This Bond Loan Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
(c) Clause 18.7(b) is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
19 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions
19.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A. Each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Parent Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Obligors stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased on any Issue Date by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
19.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S in a transaction on
63
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16
