8.5 The Bonds, including Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and expenses, shall be secured by the Bond Security and shall be guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantees.
9.1 Tranche A. Interest on the Tranche A Bonds shall equal the Tranche A Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche A Bonds or the Tranche B Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.1, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche A Bonds or the Tranche B Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
9.2 Tranche B. Interest on the Tranche B Bonds shall equal the Tranche B Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche B Bonds or the Tranche A Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.1, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche B Bonds or the Tranche A Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
9.3 Tranche C. If the Tranche C Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche C Bonds shall equal the Tranche C Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche C Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.2, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche C Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche C Maturity Date.
9.4 Tranche D. If the Tranche D Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche D Bonds shall accrue at a rate of 20.0% per annum from and including the Tranche D Issue Date and shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche D Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.3, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche D Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche D Maturity Date.
33
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
9.5 Additional Bonds. In the event that any Additional Bonds are issued, interest on such Additional Bonds shall equal the Additional Bonds Profit, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Additional Bonds applicable to that Additional Bond issue. The Additional Bonds Profit applicable to a particular Additional Bond issue shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the applicable Additional Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.4, (ii) the acceleration of the applicable Additional Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the relevant Additional Bonds Maturity Date.
