Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees and agrees to pay, without any set-off or counterclaim whatsoever, on first demand: all amounts expressed by the Bond Trustee to be payable under or in connection with the Bond Agreement (as amended from time to time) up to a maximum amount of USD 150,000,000 (with the addition of any and all interests, default interests, costs and expenses).
This Guarantee is an "on demand'' guarantee, by its nature independent of the underlying relationship between the parties to the Bond Agreement, and the Guarantor is in no way concerned with or bound by any such relationship. Any payments by a Guarantor under this Guarantee is to be made forthwith upon first demand, without being subject to any defence, objection or similar action based on (and/or arising from) the Bond Agreement or other underlying relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever (to the extent permitted by law). Reference in this Guarantee to the Bond Agreement is only made for identification purposes.
8.3.3
A statement in writing by the Bond Trustee setting out the amount due and payable hereunder is binding and conclusive evidence against such Guarantor as to the obligation to pay such amount subject to the maximum amount stated in clause 8.4.1.
8.3.4
This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect from the date of the Bond Agreement and until all of the liabilities and obligations of the Issuer to the Bond Trustee under the Bond Agreement have been fully satisfied.
8.3.5 Multiple drawings can be made under this Guarantee subject to the maximum amount stated in clause 8.4.1.
8.3.6
The obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Agreement will be secured to the extent set out in Schedule 3 to this Bond Agreement. Such list of security is included for information purposes only. If and to the extent applicable, the provisions of (and/or principles derived from) the Norwegian Financial Contracts Act 1999 (the "FCA") § 62 to and including S 74 shall not apply to this Guarantee.
