Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1 (The Community of Bondholders). This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
The Bonds may be issued on different issue dates and the Initial Bond Issue will be in the amount of up to USD 5,000,000 (US Dollar five million). The Issuer may, at any time prior to the Maturity Date of the Bonds and without the approval of the Bondholders (or any other person) issue additional tranches of super senior bonds (the "Tap Bonds") in an aggregate principal amount of up to USD 5,000,000 (US Dollar five million) (each a "Tap Issue").
The Issuer may at any time after the Long Stop Date issue Bonds to the Rig Manager as settlement for the fixed settlement fee due to the Rig Manager for services rendered pursuant to the Management Agreement(s) at par.
The terms and conditions of the Tap Bonds and any Rig Manager Bonds will be identical to the terms of the Initial Bond Issue, save for their principal amount, and, following their issuance, the Tap Bonds and any Rig Manager Bonds shall (without limitation to their being a separate tranche) form part of the same issuance of bonds as the Bonds for all purposes, including voting, ranking and distributions, and all references herein to the Bonds shall thereafter be deemed to include the Tap Bonds and any Rig Manager Bonds.
The Bond Trustee shall prepare an addendum to these Bond Terms evidencing the terms of the Tap Issue or the issue of any Rig Manager Bonds (a "Tap Issue Addendum").
2.2.2
The Bonds are denominated in US Dollars (USD), being the legal currency of the United States of America.
2.2.3 The Face Value is USD 1.00. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.
2.2.4
