3,129 private investors
Odin Energi, Tethys Oil,
25
884 GeoNafta
41,309
*Tethys Oil's interests in Lithuania are held together with Odin Energi (see further Section "Odin Energi"below).
In Tethys Oil's oil and natural gas operations there are two main categories of agreements; one that governs the relationship with the host country and one that governs the relationship with partners. The agreements that govern the relationship with host countries are referred to as licences or exploration and production sharing agreements. Tethys Oil holds its interest directly through aforementioned agreements in Oman, France and Sweden. The agreements with host countries have a time limit and are normally divided into periods. Financial commitments and or work commitments normally relates to the different periods. Tethys Oil has fulfilled its commitments on Block 15 and Blocks 3 and 4 in Oman for the current period. In the other areas of operations the commitments are either fulfilled or there are no commitments of which Tethys Oil can be held liable for. In some of Tethys Oil's areas of interest there are requirements of work to be done or minimum expenditures in order to retain the licences, but no commitments of which Tethys Oil can be held liable for. The agreements that govern the relationship with partners are referred to as joint operating agreements. Except for Sweden where Tethys Oil is the sole licence holder, Tethys Oil has joint operating agreements with its partners in all areas of operation. Other than the aforementioned agreements, there are no individual agreements or similar circumstances relating to the business which are of crucial significance for the group's operations or profitability.
17
Oman Oman is Tethys Oil's core area and the Company has interests in three onshore licences covering an area exceeding 30,000 square kilometres, which makes Tethys Oil one of the largest onshore oil and gas concession-holder in Oman. For detailed information regarding partners and interests, please see the table above. Block 3 and 4 Block 3 and 4 are situated in the eastern part of Oman and covers a combined area of more than 30,000 square kilometres. Tethys Oils' share of the production, before government take, amounts to 30 per cent and its share of the production in 2011 amounted to 423,469 barrels of oil. 22 new wells, including 18 production & appraisal wells, were drilled on the Blocks in 2011. There are two drillings rigs in operation currently working the Farha trend on Block 3, focusing on expanding into new fault blocks, as well as drilling new production and water injection wells in already producing areas.
