17
The oil from the Farha South and Saiwan East oil fields on Block 3 and 4 has so far been produced under the Early Production System. The Field Development Plan, focused on the Farha South and Saiwan East oil fields, has been submitted to the Omani government for review and approval. Production will continue under the Early Production System until the Field Development Plan has been approved. The work on a more permanent system is making good progress with infrastructure developments. Several major units have been constructed. Tethys Oil has contingent resources on Block 3 and 4 onshore Oman. The contingent resources are only contingent on the finalization and the final approval of the Field Development Plan. In 2009, a test was conducted to verify the mobility of the heavy oil on Saiwan East on Block 4. Liquid samples were obtained from three of the four zones tested. The Company believes that the results are cautiously encouraging, however any potential production of heavy oil in Saiwan East will require enhanced oil recovery techniques. Agreement with Mitsui During 2010, Tethys Oil entered into an agreement with Mitsui E&P Middle East B.V. ("Mitsui"), whereby Mitsui acquired 20 per cent in Block 3 and 4 onshore Oman. Apart from the cash consideration amounting to USD 20,000,000, Mitsui undertook to fund Tethys Oil's share of non-exploration related capital expenditure up to USD 60,000,000 on Blocks 3 and 4 effectively from 1 January 2010. As per 31 December 2011, Mitsui had fulfilled the undertaking and there were no remaining carry value outstanding. Mitsui will recover the USD 60,000,000 paid on behalf of Tethys Oil from the proceeds of Tethys' share of future cost recovery production entitlement. As part of the agreement Mitsui will pay to Tethys Oil a production bonus amounting to USD 10,000,000 if commercial production exceeds 10,000 barrels of oil per day for 30 consecutive days. Given that this volume has already been achieved during test production, the Company is hopeful that the rate will also be met once commercial production has been established and that the bonus payment will be paid out during 2012.2For further information, please see Section "Recent events'"below.
2The consolidated, unaudited interim report of the Company for the period 1 January 2012 - 30 June 2012.
18
Block 15 Block 15 is situated in the north western part of central Oman and covers an area of about 1,400 square kilometres. Two wells have been drilled since Tethys Oil entered the licence. The JAS-2 well flowed only water when tested in 2008. In December 2011, a test was launched with the attempt to pump off the water with jet pumps and enable the well to flow hydrocarbons. The test yielded small amounts of oil and gas, but the water did not diminish. The results suggest that the hydrocarbons trapped in the JAS-2 sidetrack cannot be economically produced due to the low porosity of the reservoir rock together with the permeable water bearing fractures. Therefore the JAS 2 horizontal section is now suspended and will probably be abandoned in the future. Work will still be done on the vertical part of the well, in order to better understand the geology of the potentially hydrocarbon bearing lower Shuaiba formation, below the Natih formation. The Shuaiba formation produces gas condensate from the Wadi Rafash field in the adjacent Block 9.
The main efforts on Block 15 will focus on finding the most economic method of putting the JAS-1 well in production. JAS-1 flowed gas and condensate when tested in 2007. An extension of the 3D seismic survey shot in 2008 is also planned before drilling activities will resume.
Lithuania Tethys Oil holds interests in three Lithuanian licences. All licences are onshore and cover some 4,000 square kilometres of the Baltic Sedimentary Basin. For detailed information regarding partners and interests, please see the table above.
The Gargzdai licence The Gargzdai licence is located in western Lithuania. The daily gross production amounts to about 700 barrels of around 42 degree API oil. In total, 15 million barrels of oil have been produced from Cambrian sandstone reservoirs. The Gargzdai licence's proven and probable oil reserves are in excess of 6 million barrels and proven, probable and possible reserves amount to more than 12 million barrels. A reservoir study made on the licence area suggests that the reserves could be significantly increased with the use of modern alternative oil recovery techniques. The licence also holds significant unconventional hydrocarbon potential, including exposure to Silurian/Ordovician shale sections. The interest will be held in partnership with Odin Energi, giving the Company a net indirect interest of 25 per cent. For further information, please see Section "Odin Energi" below.
The Rietavas and Raiseiniai licences The Rietavas licence is located close to the Gargzdai licence, with a known oil discovery in the Cambrian sandstones, the same reservoir layer which is in production in Gargzdai. The Rietavas licence is for the moment quite unexplored. The Raiseiniai licence covers a so far unexplored trend of Silurian reefs similar to, but expected to be of larger size, to the Ordovician reefs found on Gotland. The Silurian/Ordovician shale section is present also in the Rietavas and Raiseiniai licences. The interests will be held in partnership with Odin Energi, giving the Company a net indirect interest of 20 per cent. For further information, please see Section "Odin Energi" below.
