The Gargzdai licence The Gargzdai licence is located in western Lithuania. The daily gross production amounts to about 700 barrels of around 42 degree API oil. In total, 15 million barrels of oil have been produced from Cambrian sandstone reservoirs. The Gargzdai licence's proven and probable oil reserves are in excess of 6 million barrels and proven, probable and possible reserves amount to more than 12 million barrels. A reservoir study made on the licence area suggests that the reserves could be significantly increased with the use of modern alternative oil recovery techniques. The licence also holds significant unconventional hydrocarbon potential, including exposure to Silurian/Ordovician shale sections. The interest will be held in partnership with Odin Energi, giving the Company a net indirect interest of 25 per cent. For further information, please see Section "Odin Energi" below.
Odin Energi The Company has agreed with Odin Energi to acquire interests in the Lithuanian oil companies UAB Minijos Nafta, which holds the Gargzdai license, and UAB LL Investicos, wich holds the Rietavas and Raiseiniai
19
licenses. The interests will be held in partnership with Odin Energi, giving Tethys Oil a net indirect interest of 25 per cent in UAB Minijos Nafta and 20 per cent in UAB LL Investicos. Tethys Oil acquired its 20 per cent indirect interest for USD 3,500,000, equivalent of SEK 23,951,000. The Company has received newly issued shares in an Odin group company for the holding of UAB LL Investicos. In order to enable the transfer of shares in Odin group companies for Tethys Oil's holding in UAB Minijos Nafta, a reconstruction of the Odin group is ongoing.
France Tethys Oil has interests in two French licences, Permis du Bassin D'Ales, which is an exploration and production licence in the Ales basin in southern France and the Attila licence, located in the oil and gas producing Paris basin, some 250 kilometres east of Paris. For detailed information regarding partners and interests, please see the table above.
Permis du Bassin D 'Ales In April 2011, Tethys Oil acquired 37.5 per cent interest in a second French licence, Bassin D'Ales, from private Swiss company MouvOil S.A. Bassin D'Ales is an exploration and production licence covering 215 square kilometres in the department of Gard in southern France. The licence area covers part of the Ales basin including the Maruejols heavy oil field discovered in 1947. The field is delineated by nine wells and has produced small amounts of 14 degree API oil, during 1947-1950 and 1980-1982. The licence also covers at least two prospects with potential for conventional oil at respective depths of 1,400 and 2,000 metres. A feasibility study of a heavy oil field on the Ales licence has been launched, with a view to recommend the most suitable pilot productions system. Further, a seismic interpretation as well as reprocessing of old seismic is ongoing and a 2D seismic study as well as a first exploration well is planned for at the end of 2012.
The Attila licence One well has been drilled on the Attila licence. The Company'sobjective was to find natural gas accumulations. PLM-2 spudded in 2007, and the well was drilled to a depth of 1,310 metres. During drilling, gas shows were recorded and wireline logging confirmed the indications of gas, but the well tested only a minor gas flows. The PLM-2 well is not commercial in its current state.
Sweden The Company holds two licences in Sweden called Gotland Större and Gotland Mindre. The licences covers an area of about 581 square kilometres over the northern part of the Baltic island Gotland. For detailed information regarding partners and interests, please see the table above.
Gotland The 2011 soil sampling survey over parts of the license area on Gotland gave encouraging results. The analysis was focused on interpreting the data from samples taken from above known reefal prospects that have been identified on existing seismic lines and have not been drilled. So far some 10 potential locations for exploratory drilling have been identified and the Company is investigating the possibility to conduct drilling operations on Gotland.
