SIGNIFICANT ADVERSE CHANGES No significant changes in the financial or trading position of the Group have occurred since the end of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of its last published audited financial statements. MATERIAL AGREEMENTS The Company has not entered into any material agreement not in the ordinary course of its business and which may affect the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds. LITIGATION The Company is not aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened) during the previous twelve months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Company's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability.
Board of directors, senior management and auditors
The board of directors of the Company currently consists of seven members. Information on the members of the board of directors and the senior management, including significant assignments outside the Company, is set out below. The business address for all members of the board of directors and the senior management is Tethys Oil AB, Hovslagargatan 5 B, first floor, SE-111 48 Stockholm, Sweden. Telephone number to the Company's headquarter is: +46 (0)8 679 49 90
BOARD OF DIRECTORS Vincent Hamilton (born in 1963) Chief Operating Officer and Chairman o f the board o f directors since 2004 (member o f the board since 2001) Mr. Hamilton holds a Master of Science in Geology from Colorado School of Mines in Golden, Colorado. Mr. Hamilton is also a member of the board of directors of Aladdin Middle East Ltd.4 Mr. Hamilton holds 2,326,955 shares in the Company through his wholly-owned company Victory Finance Ltd. Magnus Nordin (born in 1956) Member o f the board o fdirectors and Managing Director since 2001 Mr. Nordin holds a Bachelor of Arts from Lund University and a Master of Arts from the University of California in Los Angeles, California. Mr. Nordin is also a member of the board of directors of the following companies: Cassandra Oil AB, Minotaurus Aktiebolag, Minotaurus Energi AS and Minotaurus Fastigheter AB. Mr. Nordin is also Chief Executive Officer of Minotaurus Fastigheter AB. Mr. Nordin holds 1,459,127 shares in the Company (including holdings through the company Minotaurus Energi A/S). Håkan Ehrenblad (born in 1939) Member o f the board o f directors since 2003 Mr. Ehrenblad holds a Mechanical Engineer HTLS, Chemical/Paper Manufacturing from the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm and a PED from the Institute for Management Development (IMD), Lausanne. Mr. Ehrenblad has no current assignments in other companies. Mr. Ehrenblad holds 334,511 shares in the Company.
4Appointments in the subsidiaries of Tethys Oil are not stated here, nor below.
24
John Hoey (born in 1939) Member o f the board o f directors since 2001 Mr. Hoey holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Notre Dame, Indiana and an MBA from Harvard University, Boston, Massachusetts. Mr. Hoey is also Chairman of the board of directors of Mundoro Capital Inc. Mr. Hoey holds 821,393 shares in the Company through his wholly-owned company Capge Limited. Staffan Knafve (born in 1958) Member o f the Board o fDirectors since 2012 Mr. Knafve holds a Bachelor of Laws from Stockholm University. Mr. Knafve is also member of the board of directors of Staffan Knafve Rådgivning AB and a deputy member of the board of directors of Hult & Knafve AB. Mr. Knafve is also Chairman of the Investment Committee at Coeli Asset Management and Member of the Finance Committee at the Royal Swedish Automobile Club. Mr. Knafve holds 40,000 shares in the Company through capital insurance. Jan Risberg (born in 1964) Member o f the board o fdirectors since 2004 Mr Risberg holds a degree in Economics and Business Administration from Stockholm University. Mr. Risberg has no current assignments in other companies. Mr. Risberg holds 838,419 shares in the Company. Katherine H. Støvring (born in 1965) Member o f the Board o fDirectors since 2012 Ms. Støvring holds a Master of Laws from Oslo University and an MSc in Business Management from London Business School (Sloane Programme). Ms. Støvring is also a non-executive director at Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA and Panoro Energy ASA. Ms. Støvring holds no shares in the Company. SENIOR MANAGEMENT Vincent Hamilton (born in 1963) Chief Operating Officer Mr. Hamilton is the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. For further information, please see Section "Board o fDirectors" above.
25
Magnus Nordin (born in 1956) Managing Director Mr. Nordin is the Managing Director of the Company. For further information, please see Section "Board o f Directors' above. Morgan Sadarangani (born in 1975) ChiefFinancial Officer Mr. Sadarangani is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and has been employed since 2004. Mr. Sadarangani holds a Master of Economics in Business Administration from Uppsala University. Mr. Sadarangani has no current assignments in other companies. Mr. Sadarangani holds 139,200 shares in the Company. AUDITOR PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is the registered accounting firm of the Company and has been the registered accounting firm of the Company for the period covered by the historical financial information. Klas Brand, born in 1956 and member of FAR SRS, is the auditor-in-charge. PricewaterhouseCoopers AB's and Klas Brand's business address is Torsgatan 21, SE-113 97 Stockholm, Sweden. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST None o f the members o f the board o f directors or the senior management o f the Company has a private interest that may be in conflict with the interests o f the Company. FINANCIAL INTERESTS Many o f the members o f the board o f directors and the senior management have a financial interest in the Company through their direct and/or indirect holding o f shares in the Company. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS As of 31 August 2012, the number of shareholders in the Company was approximately 2,200. There are no single shareholders o f the Company that have a shareholding which exceeds 30 per cent o f the total number of issued shares. To the extent known to the Company, the Company is not directly or indirectly controlled by any single person or entity.
