25
26
Financial overview
The accounting principles applied in the preparation of the Group's consolidated financial statements are set out below and have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. The financial information for the financial years ended 31 December 2010 and 31 December 2011 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, the Annual Accounts Act (Sw. arsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)) and RFR 1 "Supplementary rules for groups". The annual report for the parent company has been prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act and Swedish Financial Accounting Standards Council's RFR 2 "Accounting for legal entities". RFR 2 means that the parent company in the annual report for the legal entity shall apply IFRS' rules and statements as adopted by the EU, so far this is possible within the framework of the Annual Accounts Act and with regard to the connection between accounting and taxation. The recommendation states which exceptions and additions that shall be or are allowed to be made from IFRS. The accounting principles of the parent company are the same as for the Group, unless otherwise stated. The annual reports for the financial years ending on 31 December 2010 and 31 December 2011, respectively, have been approved by the board of directors and audited by the Company's auditor. The Company's annual reports for the financial years 2010 and 2011 have been incorporated in this Prospectus by reference; please see Section "Documents incorporated by reference". The Auditor's reports for the financial years ended 31 December 2010 and 31 December 2011 are incorporated through the annual reports by reference; see Section "Documents incorporated by reference". Since the date o f the last annual report, the Company has prepared and made available consolidated, unaudited interim reports of the Group for the period 1 January 2012 - 31 March 2012 and for the period 1 January - 30 June 2012. The consolidated, unaudited interim reports of the Group for the above periods can be obtained at the Company's website www.tethysoil.com.
27
Documents incorporated by reference
In this Prospectus the following documents are incorporated by reference. The documents have been handed to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority.
Reference
Document
