uncontrolled spillage of oil, gas or water from an oil well), sour gas emissions, burst pipelines and oil spills. Each of these risks may result in extensive damage to oil and gas wells, production facilities, other property or the environment, and may cause considerable personal injury. This may in turn result in extensive liability for damages and the like. Collection systems and processing facilities are also exposed to many of these risks. Each instance where there is significant damage to the systems and facilities on which the Group depends can have a negative impact on the Group's ability to sell the oil and gas it produces. The oil and gas business is also exposed to the risk of a premature decline in reserves for natural reasons or an inflow of water into producing formations. If any of the above risks and uncertainties should occur it may result in significantly increased costs and liabilities which in turn may adversely affect the Company's financial position and prospects.
Oil price
The oil price is of significant importance to Tethys Oil as income and profitability is and will be dependent on prices prevailing from time to time, which are influenced by a considerable number of factors outside of the Company's control. Examples of such factors are market fluctuations, closeness to and capacity of oil and natural gas pipelines and decisions by public authorities. The prices of oil and natural gas have historically fluctuated considerably, and can be expected to continue to do so in the future. In whole, this entails that the possibility to forecast future oil and natural gas prices is limited. A significant, long-term decrease in the market prices of oil and natural gas could have a considerably negative effect on Tethys Oil's income and results. When oil and natural gas prices are decreasing, this may affect the financial conditions for oil production. A considerable price decrease might result in a reduction in worth of Tethys Oil's oil and natural gas reserves and it would no longer be profitable to carry out prospecting and production in certain locations. This may entail both considerably lower income and results, and downsizing of the Company's potential exploration and expansion projects. A considerable price decrease for oil and natural gas may also negatively affect Tethys Oil's ability to attract financing in the form of loans or issue of shares. Lower oil prices could also decrease the industry interest in Tethys Oil's projects regarding farmouts or sale of assets. Tethys Oil does not currently hedge oil prices.
5
Access to equipment An operational risk factor is access to equipment in Tethys Oil's projects. Especially in the drilling/development phase of a project the group is dependent on advanced equipment such as rigs, casing, pipes etc. It cannot be excluded that there might be a shortage of drilling equipment and/or other necessary equipment, or that such equipment would require additional investments which might cause delays and increased costs for the prospecting and development activities.
Political risk Tethys Oil has operations, alone or with partners, in several different countries and can therefore be subject to political risk. Changes in legislation or other regulations related, for instance, to foreign ownership, state participation, taxes, allocation of licenses and concessions, royalties, environmental regulations, customs duties or exchange rates can affect the Company's operations or results. Tethys Oil holds its oil and gas interest through licences, directly or indirectly, which are granted by national governments. Tethys Oil's operations are often also subject to local permits. Therefore Tethys Oil and the industry are subject to a wide range of political risks on different levels and the business is highly sensitive to political changes. Furthermore, Company's financial position and earnings can be affected by internal conflicts, acts of war, terrorism and insurrection, as well as political and economical insecurity.
Environment Oil and gas operations can be environmentally sensitive. The Company's operations are subject to extensive regulatory control with regard to environmental matters, both on national and international levels. Environmental legislation regulates inter alia the control of water and air contamination, waste material, licensing requirements, restrictions on carrying out operations in environmentally sensitive and littoral areas. Environmental regulations are expected to become even more severe in the future, with the consequence that the costs of compliance in all probability will increase. If Tethys Oil fails to comply with applicable environmental rules, there is a risk that the Company will not obtain necessary permits to retain its existing, or acquire new licenses or interests in licenses and/or be obliged to pay fines or be subject to other sanctions, which could have a significant negative effect on the Company's financial position and earnings. Combustion of fossil fuel, such as oil and natural gas, creates among others carbon dioxide, increasing the total carbon dioxide level in the atmosphere, which may contribute to the so called greenhouse effect and might also cause acidification. With regard to these environmental aspects, discharges of this kind may be subject to special fiscal regulations or fees. This could decrease the demand for oil and natural gas, which may have a negative effect on Tethys Oil's future financial position and earnings.
Key personnel Tethys Oil is dependent on certain key personnel, some of whom have founded the company at the same time as they are existing shareholders and members of the board of directors of the company. These people are important for the successful development and prospects of Tethys Oil. If key personnel leave Tethys Oil, this might have a negative effect on the Company's business and operations, at least in the short term. There is no guarantee that Tethys Oil will be able to recruit or retain the personnel required to operate and develop Tethys Oil's activities. A shortage of such operational personnel may significantly impair the Company's ability to fulfil its projects.
6
