Key personnel Tethys Oil is dependent on certain key personnel, some of whom have founded the company at the same time as they are existing shareholders and members of the board of directors of the company. These people are important for the successful development and prospects of Tethys Oil. If key personnel leave Tethys Oil, this might have a negative effect on the Company's business and operations, at least in the short term. There is no guarantee that Tethys Oil will be able to recruit or retain the personnel required to operate and develop Tethys Oil's activities. A shortage of such operational personnel may significantly impair the Company's ability to fulfil its projects.
Licenses It cannot be guaranteed that Tethys Oil has obtained a correct picture of the ownership of its licenses and concessions, which could lead to the Company's rights being questioned in whole or in part. Therefore, despite the fact that the Company obtained license for each concession, the risk that the Company's right in regards to each concession can be limited in part or as a whole, cannot be disregarded. Should this occur, it could have a considerably negative effect on the Company's financial position and earnings. Tethys Oils direct interests are held through agreements with host countries, for example licenses or production sharing agreements. These agreements are often limited in time and there are no guarantees that the agreements can be extended when a time limit is reached. Should such a license or agreement not be extended, it may have a significantly adverse effect to the Company's financial position and result. The licenses regarding Block 3 and 4 expire in its current shape before the end of 2012. Tethys Oil has submitted a Field Development Plan which may result in new terms governing the extent for all or parts of the license area. There are no guarantees that an extension will cover all the current license area. The Company's production levels may be significantly reduced if such extension only covers parts of the license area.
Competition The oil and natural gas market is characterised by severe competition, especially as regards to acquisition of proven reserves. Many of Tethys Oil's competitors have larger financial reserves than Tethys Oil. This entails that Tethys Oil's ability to find new reserves in the future will depend on the Company's ability to exploit existing assets, select and acquire suitable oil and natural gas producing assets or prospecting licenses, which allow for future prospecting and cost efficient distribution and sale of oil and natural gas. Increased competition could adversely affect the Company's business, financial position and result. Development of alternative sources of energy, such as wind energy and fuel cells, which are equally or more cost-efficient compared to oil and natural gas may have a considerably negative effect on Tethys Oil's future financial position and earnings.
Collaborations In cases where Tethys Oil does not hold the license and/or is the operator of the assets, the Company's operations are conducted through collaboration methods with different parties. Thus, the Company is dependent on the acts of its partners/operators, which may result in reduced flexibility on the part of the Company's possibility to control operations. The Company and its partners have undertakings and liabilities, which may entail joint and in some cases several liability. This means that if a partner cannot fulfil its obligations or meet its liabilities, other partners are not relieved of their respective obligations and responsibilities and may even be responsible for the obligations of the defaulting partner. In situations where the Company's rights originate from third party agreements entered into by the Company's partners/ operators, there may be a risk that through negligence or omission by such partner/operator, the Company will not be able to obtain or fulfil its contractual rights and/or result in situation occurring, whereby Tethys Oil loses its rights. Should this occur, it could have a considerably negative effect on the Company's financial position and earnings.
7
Taxation Tethys Oil will carry out operations in a number of different countries. Fiscal regulations in different countries are often complicated, and subject to changes over time. As a consequence it cannot be excluded that changes in taxation legislation may negatively affect Tethys Oil's financial position and earnings.
Infrastructure The Group is dependent on accessible and well-developed infrastructure in the areas where it has operations. This includes roads, electricity and water supply, pipelines and collection systems. If there are disruptions or damage to infrastructure, the Group's business may suffer considerably, which may lead to lower production and sales and/or higher costs. Also, inclement weather conditions may interfere with or delay shipments and deliveries of oil by sea.
Foreign currency risk The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the foreign exchange markets as fluctuations in exchange rates can negatively affect the operating profit, cash flow and equity. The major proportion of the Group's assets relate to international oil and gas discoveries valued in USD and which generate revenues in USD. The exchange risk effect the Group by transaction risk and translation risk.
Transaction risk Transaction exposure arises in the cash flow when invoicing or the costs of invoiced goods and services are not in the local currency. By operating in several countries, Tethys Oil is exposed to fluctuations in a number of currencies. USD was the main currency with regard to invoices paid and revenues received during 2011. Income will also most likely be denominated in foreign currencies, especially USD. Tethys Oil does not currently hedge exchange rates.
