Foreign currency risk The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the foreign exchange markets as fluctuations in exchange rates can negatively affect the operating profit, cash flow and equity. The major proportion of the Group's assets relate to international oil and gas discoveries valued in USD and which generate revenues in USD. The exchange risk effect the Group by transaction risk and translation risk.
Translation risk Exchange-rate changes affect the Group in conjunction with the translation of the income statements of foreign subsidiaries to SEK as the Group's operating profit is affected and when net assets in foreign subsidiaries are translated into SEK which can negatively affect the Group's operating profit and statement of financial position. The Group does not hedge its translation exposure and fluctuating currency rates might negatively affect the operating profit and financial position of the Group.
Liquidity risks and capital risk By operating in several countries, Tethys Oil is exposed to fluctuations in a number of currencies. Income is and will also most likely be denominated in foreign currencies, USD in particular. Furthermore, Tethys Oil has since inception been equity financed through share issues and financed by asset divestment. Additional capital may be needed to finance Tethys Oil's future operations and/or for acquisition of additional licences. The main risk is that this need may occur during less favourable market conditions.
Financial risk As part of an investment agreement with Odin Energi SA ("Odin Energi") regarding investments in Lithuania, Tethys Oil has lent EUR 15,200,000, equivalent of SEK 136,278,000, to Odin Energi. The loan is secured by a pledge of 30 per cent of the share capital of Odin Energi. The receivable on Odin Energi is subject to counterparty risks and the Company's ability to receive payment of the receivable is dependent on
8
the performance of Odin Energi's operations and its financial position. In the event of bankruptcy, re organisation or wind-up of Odin Energi, the Company may not receive full, or any, payment.
RISKS RELATING TO THE BONDS Credit risks Investors in the Bonds carry a credit risk relating to the Company. The investor's ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions is therefore dependent on the Company's ability to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent upon the performance of the Company's operations and its financial position. The Company's financial position is affected by several factors of which a number have been discussed above.
An increased credit risk may cause the market to charge the Bonds a higher risk premium, which would negatively affect the Bonds' value. Another aspect of the credit risk is that a deteriorating financial position of the Company may reduce the Company's possibility to receive debt financing at the time of the maturity of the Bonds.
Interest rate risks The Bonds' value depends on several factors, one of the most significant being the level of market interest. Investments in the Bonds involve a risk that the market value of the Bonds may be adversely affected by an increase in market interest rates.
