(j) to prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Company's board of directors, on its website not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year. When the Bonds have been listed on OMX, the report shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IFRS and made available in accordance with the rules and regulation of OMX (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden);
(l) to issue a Compliance Certificate to the Bond Trustee (i) in connection with that the quarterly interim unaudited report is made available, and (ii) within twenty (20) days from the Bond Trustee's request.
45
14.2 The Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Holders) is entitled to waive, partly or in full, the provisions in Section 14.1 if satisfactory collateral or other security arrangements, in the Bond Trustee's absolute discretion, are provided in respect of the Company's proper discharge of its obligations under the Bonds.
14.3 The Company undertakes to notify the Bond Trustee of any transaction mentioned in Section 14.1(g) and to, upon request by the Bond Trustee, provide the Bond Trustee with any information relating to the transaction which the Bond Trustee deems necessary.
15 Escrow and conditions precedent for disbursement of the net proceeds 15.1 If the Tethys Oil Block Pledge Agreement has not been duly executed and/or if the Perfection
Measures have not been completed on the Issue Date, the Net Proceeds shall be transferred to the Escrow Account by the Issuing Agent. For the purpose of securing that the Tethys Oil Block Pledge Agreement will be duly executed and that the Perfection Measures will be completed, the Escrow Account has been pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and the Holders (as represented by the Bond Trustee) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement. 15.2 When the Tethys Oil Block Pledge Agreement has been duly executed and the Perfection Measures have been completed to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall release the pledge created under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
16 Change of Control 16.1 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Holder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of
its Bonds at a price of 101.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 11 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date) up to and including the relevant settlement date of the Put Option (the "Put Option Redemption Amount"). 16.2 The Company shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Holders of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event as soon as possible after the Company has become aware of the Change of Control Event. The Put Option must be exercised by the Holders, by giving the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent written notice in accordance with Section 24, within sixty (60) calendar days after the Company has given such notification to the Bond Trustee and the Holders (the "Exercise Period"). Bonds held by a Holder who has exercised the Put Option shall be blocked from transactions by way of transferring the Bonds to the Issuing Agent (to an account specified by the Issuing Agent in a notice given to the Holders). 16.3 The Bond Trustee shall notify the Company of any pre-payment request made in accordance with this Section 16 as soon as possible after the request has been made. The Company shall redeem all Bonds to be redeemed pursuant to this Section 16 on the settlement date of the Put Option which shall occur twenty (20) Banking Days following the Exercise Period.
