(j) the Company or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business (except if due to a merger or demerger as stipulated in (g) above).
17.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Sections 17.1 (b), (c) and (d), above or, regarding any of the Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Sections 17.1 (e), (f), (g),
48
(h), (i) and (j) may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Bond Trustee's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned in Section 17.1 (e).
17.4 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
17.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Bond Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 17.1 should occur. Should the Bond Trustee not receive such information, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Bond Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance, and the Bond Trustee is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Section 17.1. The Company shall further provide the Bond Trustee with such details as the Bond Trustee may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 17.1 and provide, at the request of the Bond Trustee, all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 17.
17.6 The Company is only obliged to inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 17.5 if informing the Bond Trustee would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX.
17.7 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 17.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 19. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased.
17.8 If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 19, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
