17.7 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 17.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 19. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased.
17.9 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Section 17, the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts under the Bonds.
17.10 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 17 without relevant decision by the Bond Trustee or by the Holders' meeting pursuant to Section 19.
49
18 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Bond Trustee etc.
18.1 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders
(k) Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holders' consent (if not required to do so under these Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds and the other Finance Documents).
(l) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Bond Trustee.
(m) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions, no Holder may take any actions whatsoever on its own against the Company in matters relating to the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Company or the making of an administration order in relation to the Company or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Company in respect of any of the liabilities of the Company whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
