An increased credit risk may cause the market to charge the Bonds a higher risk premium, which would negatively affect the Bonds' value. Another aspect of the credit risk is that a deteriorating financial position of the Company may reduce the Company's possibility to receive debt financing at the time of the maturity of the Bonds.
Liquidity risks The Company intends to apply for listing of the Bonds on OMX. However, the Company cannot guarantee that the Bonds will be admitted to trading. Further, even if securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market, active trading in the securities does not always occur and hence there are no guarantees that a liquid market for trading in the Bonds will occur or be maintained even if the Bonds are listed. The result may be that the bondholders cannot sell their Bonds when desired or at a price level which allows for a profit comparable to similar investments with an active and functioning secondary market. Lack of liquidity in the market may have a negative impact on the market value of the Bonds. Furthermore, the nominal value of the Bonds may not be indicative compared to the market price of the Bonds if the Bonds are admitted for trading on OMX.
It should also be noted that during a given time period it may be difficult or impossible to sell the Bonds (at all or on reasonable terms) due to, for example, severe price fluctuations, close down of the relevant market or trade restrictions imposed on the market.
Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in Euroclear's book-entry system The Bonds are affiliated to Euroclear's account-based system, and no physical notes have been, or will be, issued. Clearing and settlement relating to the Bonds is carried out within Euroclear's book-entry system as well as payment of interest and repayment of principal. Investors are therefore dependent on the functionality of Euroclear's account-based system for timely and accurate payment.
Risks relating to early redemption Under the Terms and Conditions, the Company has reserved the ability to redeem all outstanding Bonds before the final redemption date. If the Bonds are redeemed before the final redemption date, the
9
bondholders have the right to receive an early redemption amount which exceeds the nominal amount. However, there is a risk that the market value of the Bonds is higher than the early redemption amount. Preferential rights Other than a SEK 500,000 security related to the Company's lease agreement, the Company currently has no other material undertakings with regard to loans from banks or other credit institutions. The Company may however in the future decide to take up loans from such institutions. Such loans may constitute a priority claim on the Company. Subject to possible restrictions in the Terms and Conditions, the Company may further decide to issue other market loans. The Bonds are secured through a pledge over all shares in Tethys Oil Block 3&4 Ltd. granted by the Company. There can be no guarantee that the pledged assets will be sufficient for the bondholders should the pledge be realised. Other than the security created under the aforementioned pledge, the bonds represent an unsecured obligation of the Company. This means that in the event of bankruptcy, re-organisation or wind-up of the Company, the holders of the bonds normally receive payment after any priority creditors have been fully paid. Each investor should be aware that there is a risk that an investor in the Bonds loses all or part of their investment if the Company becomes bankrupt, carries out a re-organisation or is wound-up Bondholders ' meetings The Terms and Conditions include certain conditions regarding bondholders' meetings. Such meetings may be held in order to resolve on matters relating to the bondholders' interests. The Terms and Conditions allow for stated majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who have not taken part in the meeting and those who have voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened and conducted bondholders' meeting. Amended or new legislation This Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions are based on Swedish law in force at the issue date. No assurance can be given on the impact of any possible future legislative measures or changes or modifications to administrative practices. Amended or new legislation and administrative practices may adversely affect the investor's ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.
10
Responsibility for the information in the Prospectus
