(q) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of another Holder or Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until the matter has been decided upon at a Holders' meeting.
(s) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Bond Trustee does not limit the Bond Trustee's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(t) The Bond Trustee may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The costs
51
for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Bond Trustee is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
18.3 Replacement of Bond Trustee and Issuing Agent
(u) The Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent can be replaced by another Bond Trustee and/or Issuing Agent by the Holders in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 19.
(v) The Bond Trustee may resign as agent and security trustee and/or transfer its position as agent and security trustee at any time, provided that no resignation by the Bond Trustee shall take effect until a new Bond Trustee has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Bond Trustee within thirty (30) days after the Bond Trustee has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Bond Trustee has the right to appoint a new Bond Trustee. Until the resigning Bond Trustee has been replaced by a new Bond Trustee, the resigning Bond Trustee shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. When a new Bond Trustee has been appointed, the resigning Bond Trustee shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Bond Trustee but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Bond Trustee.
(w) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within thirty (30) days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. Until the resigning Issuing Agent has been replaced by the new Issuing Agent, the resigning Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Bond Trustee and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
