The Bond Trustee is, according to the Agent Agreement, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. If the Bond Trustee, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent and not be able to reimburse the Bond Trustee for its costs and expenses (taking into account Section 23.1), the Bond Trustee is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Sections 17.7 - 17.8 without first having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
(aa) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and notified in accordance with Section 24, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Bond Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Company shall assist the Bond Trustee and take any measures that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are required to convene the Holders'meeting or procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders'
53
meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
(bb) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 24 not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. Further, the notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content of each proposal (if any). The Bond Trustee shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to OMX for publication.
(cc) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders'meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote at the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing). The Bond Trustee shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders'meeting (or the procedure in writing).
(dd) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 19 (bb) may be resolved upon by the Holders' meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group Company shall not entitle any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds (2/3) when (1) one of the situations from a special undertaking in accordance with Section 14 is waived, and (2) an amendment of a provision in these Terms and Conditions or the other Finance Documents is made or if a waiver is provided in relation to any breach or proposed breach of the provisions in the other Finance Documents, subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters (3/4) when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount, (3) release of the security created under the Pledge
