55
(hh) e completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Bond Trustee.
(ii) If the Company and the Bond Trustee deem it appropriate, a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
(jj) If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Bond Trustee at the address notified by the Bond Trustee in the notice which shall be sent to the Holders according to Section 19 (bb). For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that do not follow listed alternatives (in a decision form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section 19 (gg).
(kk) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution passed, or due to that no resolution was passed, at the Holders' meeting.
(ll) If the Bond Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' meeting within twenty (20) Banking Days after having received such request, the requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person referred to in Section 19 (gg) exist, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting Holder.
(mm)
When applying this Section 19, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 25 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee (i) certifying that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 25 and this Section 19 (l).
(nn) The Company shall bear all costs for the Company and the Bond Trustee in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to
