25 Nominee registration In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting rights of the Holders in Section 19).
caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict. 26.2 The Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, or any affiliates to the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, or any affiliates to the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, be liable for indirect damage. 26.3 The Bond Trustee shall not be liable for damage caused in connection with the enforcement of the Finance Documents (irrespective if such claim would have been made under these Terms and Conditions or the terms and conditions of the other Finance Documents, unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. 26.4 Should the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any of the circumstances mentioned in Section 26.1, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event. 26.5 The provisions in this Section 26 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
27 Listing The Company intends to list the Bonds on OMX within thirty (30) days after the Issue Date and not later than sixty (60) days after the Issue Date. Further, the Company undertakes to list the Bonds not later than one (1) year after the Issue Date in accordance with Section 14.1 (b).
28 Governing law and jurisdiction 28.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
Sweden. 28.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to Section 28.3,
be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.
59
28.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Holders and the Bond Trustee to take proceedings against the Company in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets.
60
