10
The Company issued the bond loan referred to in this Prospectus on 7 September 2012. The Prospectus has been prepared for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list on OMX and in accordance with the Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and the rules and regulations in Chapter 2 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. The Company is responsible for the information given in this Prospectus. The Company confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of the Company's knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import. Any information in this Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference which derive from third parties has, as far as the Company is aware and can be judged on basis of other information made public by that third party, been correctly represented and no information has been omitted which may serve to render the information misleading or incorrect. The board of directors is responsible for the information given in this Prospectus only under the conditions and to the extent set forth in Swedish law. The board of directors confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information in this Prospectus is, to the best of the board of directors' knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import.
5 October 2012 TETHYS OIL AB (PUBL)
The Board of Directors
11
The Bonds in brief
This Section contains a general and broad description o f the Bonds. It does not claim to be comprehensive or cover all details o f the Bonds. Potential investors should therefore carefully consider this Prospectus as a whole, including documents incorporated by reference, before a decision is made to invest in the Bonds. The full terms and conditions for the Bonds can befound in the Section "Terms and Conditionsfor the Bonds".
Concepts and terms defined in the Section "Terms and Conditionsfor the Bonds"are used with the same meaning in this summary unless otherwise is explicitly understoodfrom the context.
The issue of the Bonds was resolved by the Company's board of directors on 31 August 2012. The Bonds were issued through a so called private placement. The issue date for the Bonds was 7 September 2012 and the Bonds will mature on 7 September 2015 (the Final Redemption Date). No Bonds have been issued, or will be issued, after 7 September 2012 and the bond loan was subscribed in full on the Issue Date.
