Concepts and terms defined in the Section "Terms and Conditionsfor the Bonds"are used with the same meaning in this summary unless otherwise is explicitly understoodfrom the context.
The Bonds have been issued in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing av finansiella instrument) in electronic book-entry form and are registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes have been or will be issued. The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among them. The main purpose of the Bond Issue is to raise funds to be applied towards general corporate purposes, whereof not less than SEK 200,000,000 shall be applied towards capital expenditures in relation to the Oman Block 3 and 4.
The bond loan amounts to a maximum of SEK 400,000,000 and is represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof. The Bonds are denominated in SEK. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0004808129. Payment of principal, interest and, if applicable, withholding of preliminary tax will be made through Euroclear's book-entry system.
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at 100.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest on the Final Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed, pre-paid or repurchased and cancelled in accordance with Section 9 (Early redemption by request o f the Company), Section 10 (Mandatory Redemption), Section 13 (The Group Companies'purchase o f Bonds), Section 16 (Change o f Control) or Section 17 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) of the Terms and Conditions. Payment in respect of principal and interest shall be made to the person who is a Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date. The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount is time-barred and becomes void ten years from the relevant Redemption Date.
The Bonds bear interest from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to, and including, the relevant redemption date at an interest rate of 9.50 per cent per annum. The interest is paid semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated on a 30/360-days basis. The Interest Payment Dates are 7 March and 7 September each year (with the first Interest Payment Date being 7 March 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date). The right to receive payment of interest is time-barred and becomes void three years from the relevant due date for payment. Swedish Trustee AB (publ) is initially acting as Bond Trustee in relation to the Bonds and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents. Even without separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holder's consent (if not required to
12
do so under the Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds and the other Finance Documents). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such a request of the Bond Trustee.
Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders, see further Section 19 (Holders'meeting and procedure in writing) of the Terms and Conditions. Such meetings or procedures in writing can lead to that a majority decision is passed, binding on all Holders.
The Agent Agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Company on or about the Issue Date regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee is available to the investors at the Company's office. As a continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Company's obligations under the Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, the Company has entered into or will enter into the Pledge Agreements set out in Section 4 (Security) of the Terms and Conditions for the benefit of the Holders and the Bond Trustee.
