Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders, see further Section 19 (Holders'meeting and procedure in writing) of the Terms and Conditions. Such meetings or procedures in writing can lead to that a majority decision is passed, binding on all Holders.
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, the available funds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds originating from the enforcement of the security under the Finance Documents) shall, unless otherwise stipulated in the Finance Documents, firstly be applied towards payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee, and any remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee, under the Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, and secondly towards payment of interest owed by the Company to the Holders under the Terms and Conditions, and thirdly towards payment of principal owed by the Company to the Holders under the Terms and Conditions. The surplus, if any, shall promptly be transferred to the Company.
The Bonds are freely transferable and trading can occur from the Issue Date. Holders may however be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at their own cost and expense. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of the Terms and Conditions and the Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
To simplify trading in the Bonds, the Company intends to apply for listing of the Bonds on the corporate bond list on OMX in connection with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's approval of this Prospectus. The total number of Bonds being admitted to trading if the application is approved by OMX is 400. The earliest date the Bonds may be admitted to trading is on or about 12 October 2012. The fact that an application regarding listing of the Bonds on OMX has been submitted to OMX does not mean that the
13
application will be approved. The Terms and Conditions include an undertaking for the Company to list the Bonds on the corporate bond list on OMX not later than one year after the Issue Date and to take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds, if listed on OMX, continue to be listed on OMX for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of OMX and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds). The expenses of the admission of trading of the Bonds are estimated to amount to SEK 38,000 in relation to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, SEK 10,500 in relation to OMX and fees to advisors. Pareto Öhman has acted as Issuing Agent and financial advisor to the Company in connection with the issue of Bonds and has received remuneration for its assistance from the Company.
14
The Company and its operations
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT The Company's name is Tethys Oil AB (publ) and its corporate registration number is 556615-8266. The Company was formed on 2 August 2001 and was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 6 September 2001. The Company is a public limited liability company with its registered office in Stockholm, Sweden, and its legal form is regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The registered address of the Company is Hovslagargatan 5 B, first floor, SE-111 48 Stockholm, Sweden. The shares of the Company are listed on First North (TETY) in Stockholm. Remium AB is Certified Adviser.
