Execution Version
16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 (ten) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
16.2.4 The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 (ten) Business Days prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.
16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. I f amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall he stated in the summons.
16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.
16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.
16.2.S The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. I f the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shaft be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shaft be available to the Bondholders.
16.2.10The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the B ondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
