"Assignments of Collection Rights" means, in the case of a Mexican Drilling Contract (if and when applicable), the assignment of collection rights agreement(s) to be executed pursuant to which the Charterer shall assign to the Fiduciary Bank all o f the collection rights under the Mexican Drilling Contract.
L_S619473_V1 03.12.14 »2656-124
Execution Version
4/59
"Assignment of Insurances" means the assignment o f the Issuer's rights under any Insurances (whether taken out prior to or after the Delivery Date) related to the Rig, other than third party insurances.
"Assignments of Service Agreements" means an assignment of the rights of the Issuer and/or the Charterer under any Service Agreements related to the Rig to which the Issuer and/or the Charterer (as applicable) is a party, subject to the terms o f the Service Agreement if such Service Agreement is entered into with a company outside the Ultimate Parent Group, and the Issuer and/or Charterer (as applicable) shall give notice and obtain consent (if required thereunder) and acknowledgement of such assignment from the relevant contract party to such Service Agreements;
"Assignments of Subordinated Loans" means the pledge or an assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) of the Ultimate Parent's and/or the Parent's (as applicable) rights under any Subordinated Loans to which it is a party, and the Ultimate Parent and/or the Parent (as applicable) shall give notice to and obtain consent (if required) and acknowledgement from the relevant debtors in respect of such assignment.
"Assignment of W arranties" means to the extent, (i) permitted under applicable law, and (ii) not included under the Issuer Floating Charge, an assignment of the rights o f the Issuer in respect of all warranty rights and all guarantees related to the Construction Contract and/or otherwise to the construction of the Rig, and the Issuer shall give notices and obtain consent and acknowledgements of such assignment from the Yard and any other related parties. "A ttachm ent" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement. "A uthorization" means, in the case o f a Mexican Drilling Contract (if and when applicable), the authorization granted by the Client to assign the collection rights under the Mexican Drilling Contract in favour of the Fiduciary Bank. "A uthorised Payments" means any authorised deductions from the proceeds of the Bonds and/or the Escrow Account permitted to he made by the Manager or the Bond Trustee in respect o f legal costs, fees o f the Manager, the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent. "B areboat C h arter" means any bareboat charter agreement in respect o f the Rig entered into or to be entered into between the Issuer (as owner o f the Rig) and a Charterer, on such terms as set out in Clause 13.3(k)(vii). "B areboat R ate" means an agreed bareboat rate which is in accordance with the terms set out in Clause I3.3(k)(vii).
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments each as amended from time to time. "Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2. "Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds. "Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
