"Assignment of W arranties" means to the extent, (i) permitted under applicable law, and (ii) not included under the Issuer Floating Charge, an assignment of the rights o f the Issuer in respect of all warranty rights and all guarantees related to the Construction Contract and/or otherwise to the construction of the Rig, and the Issuer shall give notices and obtain consent and acknowledgements of such assignment from the Yard and any other related parties. "A ttachm ent" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement. "A uthorization" means, in the case o f a Mexican Drilling Contract (if and when applicable), the authorization granted by the Client to assign the collection rights under the Mexican Drilling Contract in favour of the Fiduciary Bank. "A uthorised Payments" means any authorised deductions from the proceeds of the Bonds and/or the Escrow Account permitted to he made by the Manager or the Bond Trustee in respect o f legal costs, fees o f the Manager, the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent. "B areboat C h arter" means any bareboat charter agreement in respect o f the Rig entered into or to be entered into between the Issuer (as owner o f the Rig) and a Charterer, on such terms as set out in Clause 13.3(k)(vii). "B areboat R ate" means an agreed bareboat rate which is in accordance with the terms set out in Clause I3.3(k)(vii).
L_56L9473_V1 03.12,1« 92656-124
Execution Version
5/59
"Bondholders' M eeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders' meeting).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement in the maximum aggregate amount o f USD 175,000,000 (US Dollars one hundred and seventy five million), representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments o f interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2 (Call Option).
