22.2.10
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent/Security Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent/Security Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent/Security Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent/Security Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent/Security Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent/Security Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent/Security Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent/Security Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent/Security Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent/Security Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent/Security Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Agent/Security Agent is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent/Security Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution o fproceeds).
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent/Security Agent is not obligated to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's/Security Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent/Security Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent/Security Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent/Security Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any
