(b) The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of more than four (4) months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
(c) The Issuer makes no representation as to the availability of an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 of the Securities Act.
6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
(b) Each Bondholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Bondholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Bonds registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 6 of the Book-Entry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Bonds Agent, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Bonds Agent, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, as applicable.
(c) The Bonds Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in paragraph (b) above from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Bonds Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in paragraph (b) above from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Bonds Agent or the Paying Agent, as notified by the Bonds Agent or the Paying Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney given to the Bonds Agent unless directed by the Bonds Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
(e) The Issuer, the Bonds Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent may use the information referred to in paragraph (b) above only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Bonds and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for the beforementioned purposes.
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
