(e) The Issuer, the Bonds Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent may use the information referred to in paragraph (b) above only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Bonds and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for the beforementioned purposes.
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
17
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Bonds Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or is otherwise notified to the Bonds Agent.
8. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payments under or in respect of the Bonds pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall be made to the person who is registered as a Bondholder at the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the Book-Entry Securities System and book-entry accounts as well as the regulations of the CSD.
(b) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Any such postponement shall not affect the Record Date. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9(c) during such postponement.
(c) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
