(b) Prepayment in accordance with Clause 10.6(a) shall be made by the Issuer without undue delay (but in any case within sixty (60) Business Days) following the event set out in Clause 10.6(a) and giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Bonds Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
Should a Change of Control occur, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment ("Change of Control Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 101 per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) by giving the Issuer notice of its intention to invoke its Change of Control Put Option during a period of 30 days following the notice of a potential Change of Control (the "Exercise Period"), being e.g. receipt of an offer or signing of a sale and purchase agreement in respect of the shares of the Issuer. The settlement date of the Change of Control Put Option shall occur 30 Business Days after the expiry of the Exercise Period.
21
10.8 Change of Control Call Option
If Bondholders representing more than 75 per cent, of the outstanding Bonds at the time of the Change of Control choose to exercise their Change of Control Put Option, the Issuer shall have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds at a price of 101 per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) (the "Change of Control Call Option") during a period of ten (10) days following the expiry of the Exercise Period. The settlement date of Change of Control Call Option shall same as the settlement date of the Change of Control Put Option.
10.9 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
11. Transaction Security
