(e) The retiring Bonds Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Bonds Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Bonds Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Bonds Agent under the Finance Documents.
39
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Bonds Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bonds Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Bonds Agent.
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Bonds Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Bonds Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Bonds Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Bonds Agent and releasing the retiring Bonds Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.
22. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent may retire from their respective assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent or Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent or Paying Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
23. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation {Fm: yrityssaneeraus) or bankruptcy (Fin: konkurssi) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
