"Initial Escrow Accounts" means a SEK bank account, a NOK bank account and a USD bank account opened by the Arranger with a reputable bank, into which the Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds will be held by the Arranger until the conditions precedent for the issuance of the Initial Bonds have been fulfilled.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Bondholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" the Bonds shall carry interest at a fixed rate of 10 per cent. per annum.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 11 January, 11 April, 11 July and 11 October of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 11 January 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
6
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 10 per cent. per annum.
"Issuer" means Hancap AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556789-7144.
