(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(iii) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(iv) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted; and
(v) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
(b) An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
(c) Subject to paragraph (d) below, when ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(d) Notwithstanding paragraph (c) above, at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, the calculations of whether a quorum exist and if the relevant consent has been obtained pursuant to Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders), shall be made in SEK. Each Bond shall always entitle to one vote at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. The value of the vote of each SEK Bond shall be the Nominal Amount and the value of the vote of each NOK Bond and USD Bond, respectively, shall be the Nominal Amount of the NOK Bond or USD Bond converted into SEK at the Initial Exchange Ratio. For the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted Nominal Amount shall at all times be calculated based on the Initial Exchange Ratio.
(e) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(f) No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
