(e) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The SEK Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor, the NOK Bonds are denominated in NOK and the USD Bonds are denominated in USD and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
13
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each (i) SEK Bond is SEK 10,000, (ii) NOK Bond is NOK 10.000, and (iii) USD Bond is USD 1,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The minimum permissible investment upon issuance of (i) SEK Bonds is SEK 1.000. 000, (ii) NOK Bonds is NOK 1,000,000, and (iii) USD Bonds is 200,000. The minimum Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 335,000,000 (or its equivalent in NOK or USD). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that (i) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one occasion, issue First Subsequent Bonds.
(e) Provided that (i) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and (ii) the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma including such Financial Indebtedness), the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Further Subsequent Bonds.
(f) Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The issue price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 650,000,000 (or its equivalent in NOK or USD) unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 18(g)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 9(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
