(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act and the CSD Regulations. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(c) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act.
(d) The Issuer and the Trustee shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Trustee.
(e) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 19 (Bondholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the Bondholders under Clause 20 (Written Procedure), the Paying Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(f) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Trustee, as notified by the Trustee, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Trustee or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
(g) The Issuer and the Trustee may use the information referred to in Clauses 5(d) through 5(f) only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
19
