10.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4(a).
22
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled shall be promptly cancelled by the Issuer.
11. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on the date of the disbursement of the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue the Initial Bond Issue Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Trustee.
(b) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on the date of the disbursement of the proceeds from the First Subsequent Bond Issue the First Subsequent Bond Issue Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Trustee.
(c) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on the date of the disbursement of the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue the Further Subsequent Bond Issue Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Trustee.
