"Business Day Sweden" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday and on which day the CSD settlement system is open. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Call Option" means the Issuer's right to redeem outstanding Bonds in full in accordance with Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)).
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 104 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised before, but not including the date falling 12 months after the First Issue Date;
(b) 102 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on, and including, the date falling 12 months after the First Issue Date until, but not including the date falling 24 months after the First Issue Date;
(c) 101 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on, and including, the date falling 24 months after the First Issue Date until, but not including the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date; and
(d) 100 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby any person or group of persons, other than Per Helander, acting in concert gains control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the shares or votes of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer, and where "acting in concert" means, a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) the satisfaction of the Maintenance Covenants or the Incurrence Test (as applicable) (including figures in respect of the relevant financial covenant(s) and the basis on which they/it has/have been calculated), and (ii) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.
