(a) If there is a breach of the Maintenance Covenants, no Event of Default will occur if, within twenty Business Days of a delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate
evidencing that breach, the Issuer has received equity injection in cash in the form of a share issue or an unconditional shareholder contribution and has deposited such equity injection in an amount sufficient to ensure compliance with the Maintenance Covenants, as at the relevant test date (the "Cure Amount") on a bank account (the "Cure Account") pledged in favour of the Bondholders and the Trustee. The Issuer shall notify the Bondholders of any deposition of the Cure Amount on the Cure Account.
(b) The Issuer shall at any time (upon the request by the Trustee (upon the instruction by the bondholders)) apply the deposited Cure Amount towards prepayment of the Bonds pro rata with minimum SEK 1 per Bond and shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor and rounded down to the nearest SEK 1. If prepayment of the Bonds can not be made with minimum SEK 1, the amount shall be deposited to a blocked account to be used upon the next following prepayment. Any such repayment shall be made with with a premium on the due and payable amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period.
(c) Upon a repayment of a Cure Amount or as long as any Cure Amount is deposited on the Cure Account, the calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be adjusted so that the Net Finance Charges for the Reference Period is reduced with an amount equal to the Cure Amount, multiplied with the average interest rate paid by the Company under the Bonds after taken into account payments and receipt under the hedging arrangements during the previous 12 month period. Any Equity Cure shall for the calculation of Interest Coverage Ratio be counted in any calendar quarter and shall be included in the financial covenant calculations until such time as that calendar quarter falls outside the Reference Period.
(d) Upon a repayment of a Cure Amount or as long as any Cure Amount is deposited on the Cure Account, the calculation of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be adjusted so that the Net Interest Bearing Debt for the Reference Period is reduced with an amount equal to the Cure Amount.
(e) Any Equity cure must be made in cash and no more than three (3) Equity cures are to be made over the life of the Bonds. Equity cures may not be injected in respect of any consecutive calendar quarters.
14. General Undertakings
14.1 General
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that each other Group Company will) comply with the undertakings set out in this Clause 13 for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding.
