33
The Issuer or any other Group Company ceases to carry on its business or in the case of a merger or a demerger as stipulated in Clause 15.7 above.
15.11 Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee is entitled to, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the Bonds due for payment together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Trustee determines (but such date may not fall after the Final Maturity Date), and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Trustee may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15.11(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(c) The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be accelerated. If the Trustee decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
(d) If the Bondholders (in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) instruct the Trustee to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as, in the opinion of the Trustee, may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 15.11, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 10.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption (call option)), as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs.
