(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (v) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 16(a)(i) or ((a)(ii)), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 16(a)(i)or ((a)(ii)).
35
(c) Funds that a Bondholder receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Trustee shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 15.11(f) as soon as reasonably practicable.
(d) If the Issuer or the Trustee shall make any payment under this Clause 15.11(f), the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8(a) shall apply.
17. Bondholders' Committee
(a) The Bondholders may appoint a committee (a "Bondholders' Committee") to represent the interests of the Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee shall consist of no less than three (3) natural persons. All members of a Bondholders' Committee shall be elected at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(b) Each Bondholder is entitled to nominate candidates to the Bondholders' Committee by notice to the Trustee no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. At the Bondholders Meeting all candidates so nominated shall be presented to the Bondholders. Each Bondholder that is entitled to vote shall for such election have the same number of votes to cast for each Bond as the total number of persons to be elected. A Bondholder may cast its votes for one or several of the candidates. The candidates that receive the most votes shall be elected to the Bondholders' Committee.
