(a) The Bondholders may appoint a committee (a "Bondholders' Committee") to represent the interests of the Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee shall consist of no less than three (3) natural persons. All members of a Bondholders' Committee shall be elected at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A Bondholders' Committee may enter into discussions with the Issuer and other creditors of the Issuer and by majority decision among its members (i) adopt such procedural rules as it considers appropriate and (ii) prepare proposals and recommendations to the Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee may not bind the Bondholders to any agreement or decision. The Trustee shall provide reasonable assistance to the Bondholders' Committee and participate in its meetings.
(d) The Bondholders' Committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information received from the Issuer provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of the Bondholders' Committee, is beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the Bondholders' Committee.
(e) The Bondholders' Committee and the Issuer may agree that the Issuer shall pay certain costs and expenses incurred by the Bondholders' Committee. Otherwise the Bondholders' Committee is not entitled to be reimbursed for any costs or expenses.
36
18. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Trustee for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Trustee) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Trustee and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Trustee. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the appointment of a Bondholders' Committee shall always be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Trustee may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Trustee that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
