Trustee nor the Security Agent is under any obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(e) The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Trustee's obligations as Trustee under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Trustee may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
22.2 Duties of the Trustee
(a) The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, if relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders. Except as specified in Clause 3(b) (Conditions Precedent), the Trustee is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(d) The Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(e) The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all reasonable costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Trustee
