(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
8. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Agent and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Terms and Conditions at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Agent and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.
(b) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on a Securities Account on the Relevant Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date, by crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its Securities Account in the CSD.
(c) If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the Paying Agent on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the Paying Agent to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the relevant Record Date. Should the Paying Agent, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the Paying Agent will pay such amount to the relevant Bondholder being registered as such on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
14
(d) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD or the Paying Agent, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9(c) during such postponement.
(e) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the Paying Agent shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
