(d) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD or the Paying Agent, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9(c) during such postponement.
(f) If the Issuer is required to withhold any tax from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer will be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Agent, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Agent, the Issuer will deliver to the Agent evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(g) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
(h) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (through its account manager in the CSD) within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.
9. Interest
(a) Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from (and including) the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will carry Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance (or the First Issue Date if there is no such Interest Payment Date) up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
