"Bond" means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount of the type set forth in section 2-2(2)(2) of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (modified following business day convention).
"Call Option" means the Issuer's right to redeem outstanding Bonds in full accordance with Clause 10.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption).
"Call Option Amount" means 100.22 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means the cash and cash equivalents as reported in the Group's balance sheet in accordance with the applicable accounting principles of the Group from time to time.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons acting together acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means:
(a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or
(b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) the satisfaction of the Maintenance Test and (ii) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with the publishing of a Financial Report, the Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test and if the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Restricted Payment and/or incurrence of Financial Indebtedness include calculations and figures in respect of such Restricted Payment and/or incurrence of Financial Indebtedness.
