"First Issue Date" means 26 October 2016.
"Floating Rate Margin" 3.50 percentage points per annum.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of the Icelandic Act on Bankruptcy No. 21/1991 (as amended from time to time) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under Icelandic law) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 9 (Interest).
"Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt of the Group in accordance with the applicable accounting principles of the Group from time to time (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding guarantees, bank guarantees, operational lease debt and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company).
"Interest Payment Date" means 26 January, 26 April, 26 July and 26 October of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 26 January 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Maturity Date (or any Redemption Date prior thereto).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
