"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) omforetagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
8
"Interest Cover" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges in respect of any Relevant Period.
"Interest Payment Date" means 18 March, 18 June, 18 September and 18 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 18 September 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3-months STIBOR plus seven (7) per cent, per annum.
"Intra-group Debt" means the intragroup debt arising as a result of the on-lending of the proceeds under the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes by the Issuer to Target.
"Intra-group Loan Agreement" means the intragroup loan agreement relating to the Intra-group Debt.
"Investors" means CapMan Buyout X Fund A L.P. and CapMan Buyout X Fund B Ky.
