"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of each Obligor for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Issue Date" means 7 July 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by any of the Obligors, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over an Obligor or any person or persons over whom an Obligor has Decisive Influence.
"Junior Capital" means (i) new equity capital in the Parent, registered as equity capital as per local company law, (ii) Subordinated Loans or (iii) increased equity by way of sale of non-core assets above book value; in each case the proceeds thereunder received in cash by the Parent.
"JV Company" means any current and/or future company or partnership in which the Parent (directly or indirectly) holds an ownership interest incorporated or established for the purpose of directly or indirectly owning, developing and/or constructing any maritime operating vessel or any other operation which is substantially within the business that the Group is conducting at the date of this Bond Agreement, and which is not a Subsidiary of the Parent.
"LIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen LIBOROl Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Interest Quotation Day and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period, or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of commercial banks on the interbank market in New York City or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer is equal to what is offered to commercial banks in the New York city interbank market, for the relevant Interest Period. If any such rate is below zero, LIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Managers" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, NO-0021 Oslo, Norway and Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment" means a mandatory prepayment made as a result of a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring pursuant to Clause 10.4.
"Mandatory Prepayment Date" means the date of a Mandatory Prepayment.
