"Mandatory Prepayment" means a mandatory prepayment made as a result of a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring pursuant to Clause 10.4.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if the Group enters into a binding agreement to directly or indirectly sell or otherwise dispose of the Caribbean FLNG (wholy or partly).
"Margin" means the NOK Margin for the NOK Tranche and the USD Margin for the USD Tranche.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Parent and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or the Parent's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Material Adverse Effect includes, without limitation, any material adverse effect on the Parent or the Group taken as a whole, as a result of any material adverse effect in any JV Company.
"MLP" means any future "master limited partnership" whose limited partnership shares are traded on a regulated market place or a securities exchange established by a sponsor and which is managed and controlled by a General Partner with a number of limited partners as investors in which the profit is paid to the limited partners based on "available cash" with an aim of maximizing the MLP's distributions, but so that the actual distributions are based on the General Partner's discretion.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" or "NIBD" means on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate consolidated interest bearing Financial Indebtedness less Free Cash.
"Net Interest Expense" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest-bearing debt less the aggregate gross cash interest income of the Group, including dividend received from financial assets held for sale (according to IFRS) (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis).
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Oslo Børs1webpage (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.15 (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered
by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
