(d) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of any Group Companies (if applicable);
(f) Security in an aggregate amount of up to USD 10 million not otherwise permitted above.
"Proportional Consolidation" means the pro-forma consolidation of any JV Company as if such JV Company was a Subsidiary of the Parent but adjusted for any ownership interest not directly or Indirectly held by the Parent, such consolidation to include an auditor's opinion for annual and semi-annual accounts.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2.
"Qualifying Contract" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 14.12(c).
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the date for repayment in relation to a Buy-Back Offer, a Mandatory Prepayment Date and the Final Maturity Date.
Restricted Cash" means cash which is pledged and/or blocked. "Saverex NV" means Saverex NV, a company existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium with registration number 0436.287.291. "Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement" means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 7 July 2017 (whereby this Bond Agreement forms an integral part as Schedule 1 (Form of Amended and Restated Bond Agreement). "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 19.2. "Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway. "Spot Rate of Exchange" means the spot rate of exchange from NOK to USD as published by Norges Bank on www.norgesbank.no at such date as will be specified in an Exchange Offer. "Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Subordinated Loan" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 14.12(i). "Subsidiary" means an entity over which the Parent directly or indirectly has a Decisive Influence. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America. "USD Bonds" means the Bonds denominated in USD. "USD Margin" means 8.50 per cent (8.50%) per annum. "USD Tranche" means the aggregate amount outstanding under the USD Bonds. "Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after the Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.5. "Total Assets" means the book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds. "Working Capital" means Current Assets less Current Liabilities.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;
