Ma n a g e m e n t o f i n v e s t m e n t s
Under the Management Agreement, the Parent may charge the Issuer as follows for management of the Investments.
a) Excluding the First Investment, a one-time payment per Investment of 1.5 per cent of the Agreed Property Value of the Investment, plus, where applicable, VAT, among other things to cover the Parent's overhead costs in making Investments. External transaction costs, such as costs for legal and financial due diligence, are not included in the fee. If the Parent acts as project manager in relation to refurbishments and/or tenant fit outs on any acquired real property constituting the Investments whereby the lettable area is increased, the Parent will be entitled to charge a fee of 1.5 per cent of the increase in market value as a result of the refurbishment and/or tenant fit outs, determined by an independent property appraiser.
b) An annual management fee for financial, administrative and central property administration, currently being 0.75 per cent of the Agreed Property Value of each Investment, plus VAT. The percentage rate of 0.75 per cent will be adjusted in line with changes in the consumer prices index (Sw; konsumentprisindex) (total index with 1980 as the base year), based on the index figure for October 2013.
c) Reimbursement of the Parent's disbursements and other transaction costs in conjunction with management of the Investments, limited, however, to the costs expressly provided for in the Management Agreement.
The one-time payment under Clause 12.2a) must be paid to the Parent within five (5) Business Days from the date on which the Issuer completes an Investment. The Management Fee under Clause 12.2b) must be paid quarterly in advance on the last Business Day of previous quarter. Following the completion of a new Investment, the next payment to the Parent will comprise both (i) the management fee for the period from and including the completion date of the Investment up to and including the last day of the then current quarter and (ii) the management fee payable for the next quarter. If an Investment is divested during same quarter it was completed, the
18
12.4 12.5
Parent will repay the management fee paid for the period from the purchaser's completion of the Investment up to and including the last day of the relevant quarter. This repayment will in the first place be made by set-off against the next payment of the management fee.
