"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of the Notes.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means CorpNordic Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556625-5476, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Agreed Property Value" means (i) SEK 713,000,000 for the First Investment (portfolio value of properties acquired), and (ii) the market value agreed between the Issuer and a third party in the contract of sale and purchase of the property that the Issuer directly or indirectly acquires in an Investment.
"Associated Person" means (a) directors of the Issuer or other enterprise in the same group; (b) the managing director of the Issuer or other enterprise in the same group; (c) other employees of the Issuer or other enterprise in the same group; (d) a spouse or cohabitee of anyone falling within the scope of a-c; (e) any person under the guardianship of anyone falling within the scope of a-c; or (f) a legal entity over which anyone falling within the scope of a-e has control, alone or together with another person.
4
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw.; midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw.; julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw.; nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
