(A) The Issuer, Polarcus, Polarcus Shipholding, Polarcus 6, Polarcus UK and the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) have entered into a loan agreement dated 27
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
October 2010, as amended and restated on 5 October 2011, identified as "12.5 per cent Polarcus Alima AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/2015" with ISIN 001 0590300.0 (the "Original Bond Agreement").
(B) Pursuant to a loan agreement (the "USD 410M Facility Agreement") dated 5 October 2011 and entered into between, inter alia, Polarcus Shipholding and the Issuer as original borrowers, Polarcus and Polarcus UK as guarantors, Eksportfinans ASA as lender, DVB Bank SE (acting through DVB Bank SE Nordic Branch) and DNB Bank ASA as bank guarantors and DNB Bank ASA as agent, Eksportfinans ASA has and will make available to Polarcus Shipholding, the Issuer and certain acceding borrowers a credit and guarantee facility in the principal amount of USD 410,000,000 for the purpose o f providing post-delivery financing o f the Vessels (as defined below) (the "USD 410M Facility"). Eksportfinans ASA has subsequently transferred part of its participation in the USD 410M Facility to the Norwegian Government, represented by the Norwegian Ministry o f Trade and Industry.
(C) Polarcus Shipholding will, on or around the date o f this Agreement, transfer the title to M/V Asima to the newly established Polarcus Asima whereafter Polarcus Asima will become a Vessel Owning Company (as defined in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement). Polarcus Shipholding shall after such restructuring be a holding company for all Vessel Owning Companies.
(D) Polarcus Amani is to take delivery o f M/V Amani (as defined in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement (as defined below)) on or around 29 March 2012. In connection with such delivery Polarcus Amani shall accede to the USD 410M Facility Agreement as an additional borrower and guarantor and provide the security described in the USD 410M Facility Agreement. Concurrently with the delivery o f M/V Amani Polarcus Amani shall provide the security described in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement and accede to the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement).
(E) As a consequence o f the transfer o f the loan described in (B) above and the amendments described in (C) and (D) above, the Issuer, the Original Guarantors and the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) have agreed to amend the Original Bond Agreement as more particularly set out below. Furthermore, the terms and conditions of the USD 410M FacilityAgreement and the Intercreditor Agreement will be amended and restated in amendment and restatement agreements.
(F)
All conditions for the issue o f the Bonds and for the release o f the proceeds of the
