(a) The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000. The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds is SEK 140,000,000. All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
{d) The Bonds are freely transferable.
(e) Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Bonds (after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and its professional advisors for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds) for (i) refinancing of shareholder loans in the approximate aggregate amount of SEK 113,000,000 and (ii) general corporate purposes.
4. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
