a first priority assignment of, or charge over, any monetary claims (whether in the nature of loans or balances) which any member of the Group has from time to time against any other member of the Group (and in respect of which such member of the Group is lender or creditor) in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) entered into on 18 May 2012.
14 February, 14 May, 14 August and 14 November each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to five decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters Screen LIBOROl page at or about 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date. Should the contents of the Reuters Screen LIBOROl page be changed such that, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters Screen, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters Screen's page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters Screen LIBOROl page did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.
the interest rate determined on the basis of the interest rates offered on deposits in USD in the inter-bank market in London, quoted by four large authorised exchange banks in the London market at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date in London, for a 3 three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest rates. If two or more quotations are given,
Loan: Loan Security:
Mandatory Redemption: Margin:
9/42
the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date for deposits in USD to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.1.
