When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 600,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bond is SEK 400,000,000 (the "Initial Bond Issue"). All Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount. Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue in an aggregate Nominal Amount of SEK 150,000,000 may be paid for in kind by way of delivery of Outstanding Bonds, in accordance with a separate repurchase arrangement entered into by the Issuer.
The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0011337294.
The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue and any Subsequent Bond Issue is SEK 2,000,000.
The Issuer may at one or more occasions after the Issue Date issue Subsequent Bonds under these Terms and Conditions (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals SEK 600,000,000, always provided that (a) the Incurrence Test (calculatedpro forma including such issue) is met and (b) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from (i) the expiry of a grace period, giving of notice, making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing or (ii) the issue of the Subsequent Bonds.
Any Subsequent Bonds shall be issued subject to the same Terms and Conditions and for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount and the Final Redemption Date applicable to the Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue shall also apply to
9
