(ii) so that any asset to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Reference Period.
(a) one hundred and two (102.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling twelve (12) months after the Issue Date;
(b) one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on the date falling twelve (12) months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om vardepapperscentraler och kontoforing avfmansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
2
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that, so far as it is aware, no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. The Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Equity Ratio and the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Net Asset Value.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"De-listing Event" means a situation where (i) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market; or (ii) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
