Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Trustee. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment o f the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 11.9 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence o f the Change o f Control Event or the De-listing Event (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.9 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.9 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 10.2.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 11.
14
11.1
