The Trustee shall represent the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Trustee is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions. The Trustee shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Trustee.
When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Trustee shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in these Terms and Conditions and the Trustee Agreement.
The Trustee shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged (a) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (b) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or (c) when the Trustee is to make a determination under these Terms and Conditions. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 13 (Distribution o fproceeds).
The Trustee shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Trustee, as may be necessary in order for the Trustee to carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
28
18.2.9 18.2.10
