The initial nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100) per cent, of the Nominal Amount. Minimum subscription at First Issue Date shall be SEK
Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. Each Subsequent Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them, and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer other than those mandatorily preferred by law.
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.
9
3.
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Notes to refinance existing bank debt and to establish long term financing as well as for general corporate purposes, including intra-group lending.
