(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or deposit accounts; and
in each case to which the Issuer is beneficially entitled at the time and to which the Issuer has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to Security (other than Security granted pursuant to the Security Documents). For the avoidance of doubt, amounts standing to the credit of the Earnings Accounts, the Operating Accounts and the Reserve Accounts shall be included.
L_4982013_V1 103123-020
9/49
"Loan to Value Ratio" means at any time, the ratio of the Outstanding Bonds to the Market Value, based on valuations that are no older than ninety (90) days.
"Management Agreement" means any management agreement for the technical and commercial management of the Rig, including the agreement dated 24 February 2009 between the Rig Manager (and including the OSM Novation Agreement) and the Issuer and the agreement dated 22 September 2010 between the Parent and the Issuer.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, DNB Batik ASA, DNB Markets, NO-0191 Oslo, Norway, and Swedbank Norge, branch of Swedbank AB (publ), P.O. Box 1441 Vika, N-0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Rig determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Rig obtained from two (2) independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Rig appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuations shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at aim's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing Charter Contract. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the financial condition or operations of the Issuer, (b) the Issuer's or the Parent's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents and the Project Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
