"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Rig determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Rig obtained from two (2) independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Rig appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuations shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at aim's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing Charter Contract. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer.
"Maturity Date" means 9 July 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means the first priority mortgage (and deed of covenants collateral thereto (if applicable)) against the Rig (and all equipment being legally part of the Rig under appropriate law) from the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Operating Accounts" means each of the account(s) established in the name of the Issuer to be charged/pledged in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Operating Accounts Pledge but not blocked unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
"Operating Accounts Pledge" means the first priority pledge or charge to be entered into between the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claims against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Operating Accounts as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
L_4982013_V1 103123-020
10/49
"OSM Novation Agreement" means the novation agreement dated 11 January 2010 between the Parent and the Issuer for the technical management agreement with the OSM Offshore AS whereby the Parent novated all of its rights and obligations under the technical management agreement to the Issuer.
