When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Earnings Accounts" means each of the account(s) established in the name of the Issuer to be charged/pledged in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Earnings Accounts Pledge but not blocked unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
"Earnings Accounts Pledge" means the first priority pledge or charge to be entered into between the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claims against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Earnings Accounts as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account" means an account to be established in the name of the Issuer held with the Paying Agent prior to the Issue Date, pledged and blocked on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority Norwegian law pledge over the Issuer's rights against the Paying Agent for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account, where the Paying Agent has waived any set-off rights.
"EUR" means the single currency unit of the Participating Member States.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs' Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Existing Bank Facility" means the existing term loan facility provided to the Issuer under a teim loan facility agreement dated 9 April 2010 and made between, inter alia, the Issuer (as borrower), the Parent (as guarantor) and NIBC Bank N.V., ABN AMRO Bank N.V. and DVB Bank SE (as mandated lead arrangers) and NIBC Bank N.Y. (as facility agent and security trustee).
