(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 {General and financial Undertakings).
23 (43)
13.1 Authorisations The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date ofthese Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall procure that all other Group Companies shall, cany on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3 Continuation of business and corporate status The Issuer shall not cease to cany on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group compared to the business conducted as of the date ofthe Bond Terns. The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
13.4 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities if such merger, demerger, combination or reorganisation would have a Material Adverse Effect.
