11
points for the NOK Tranche and LIBOR plus 3.50 percentage points for the USD Tranche. Should NIBOR or LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR - Reference Banks (for the NOK Tranche) or LIBOR - Reference Banks (for the USD Tranche) plus 3.50 percentage pointss.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks or LIBOR - Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Redemption
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follow (Call Option): (i) at Interest Payment Date on October 2009 at 104 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and
