(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date or
always provided that the Issuer shall, if required, appoint subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to procure that Subsidiaries not being Material Subsidiaries shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated net sales/turnover, gross assets or net assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Maturity Date" means 8 May 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
7
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt of the Group less Cash and Cash Equivalents and adjusted for the market value of any currency hedging rate relevant to the Bond Issue of the Group if defined as interest-bearing debt under NGAAP.
"NGAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Norway.
To the extent that the Issuer elects or is required to conform its periodical financial reports with the requirements of the IFRS regulations and such guidelines and standards as shall be recommended from time to time by the International Accounting Standards Board, or if there have been made any material changes to NGAAP or IFRS or the interpretation of such accounting principles, the Issuer and the Trustee will conduct a review of the impact thereof on the Issuer's consolidated Financial Statements. Amendments shall be made to the financial covenants (if necessary) and their levels in numbers / requirements in order to enable the Trustee to apply thereunder the same financial tests with in effect the same levels in numbers / requirements as set forth above as the Trustee would have been able to do had the Issuer continued to prepare its consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with the accounting principles applied by it at the date of the distribution of the Bond Loan. The Trustee may ask any well reputed accountancy firm or investment bank to assist in the determination and may rely solely on such determ ination without a duty to examine the merits of the determination.
