"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Properties" means Land No. 13, Title No. 1, 120, 503, 569, 570, 641 and Land No. 12, Title No. 484 in Vestre Toten Municipality and Land No. 44, Title No. 1, 36 in Gjøvik Municipality and "Property" means each of them.
"Property Company" means Raufoss Næringspark ANS with registration number 982791049 (owner of the Properties).
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Reference Rate" shall mean NIBOR; (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
