Definitions
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Certificates.
"Account Pledge Agreement" means the agreement under which the Pledged Account and all funds held on the Pledged Account from time to time are pledged to the Holders and the Trustee; entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the Issue Date.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Certificates outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Certificates owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such Group Company is directly registered as owner o f such Certificates.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose o f this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership o f voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent Agreement" means the agent agreement entered into on or about 10 June 2013, between the Issuer and the Trustee, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Applicable Premium" means all Interest which would accrue on the Nominal Amount if the Certificates were redeemed on the Final Maturity Date.
"Banking Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Banking Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Banking Day.
