"Banking Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Certificate" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Certificate Issue" means the issuance of the Certificates on the Issue Date;
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) one or more persons, not being the Main Shareholder (or an Affiliate of the Main Shareholder), acting together, acquire control over the Issuer or (ii) the Main Shareholder ceases to control the Issuer; and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board o f directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Certificates, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 11.1.
"Final Maturity Date" means 28 December 2013.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Account Pledge Agreement, the Undertaking, all documents relating thereto and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Trustee as a Finance Document.
