17.1.3 17.1.4 17.1.5 17.2 17.2.1
proceedings relating to the Certificates held by such Holder. By acquiring Certificates, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Trustee to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Trustee provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), as the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent Agreement and the Trustee's obligations as agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Trustee may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Trustee
The Trustee shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Trustee is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Trustee shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Trustee.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
