The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Trustee is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 12 (Distribution o fproceeds).
If in the Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Trustee shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Agent Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 17.2.8.
Limited liability for the Trustee
The Trustee will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Trustee or if the Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Trustee to the Holders, provided that the Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Trustee for that purpose.
The Trustee shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 13 (Decisions by Holders).
17. 3.5 17.4 17.4.1 17.4.2 17.4.3
