19.2
In the event that there is a change of the Trustee in accordance with this Clause 17.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Trustee the rights, powers and obligation of the Trustee and releasing the retiring Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agent Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Trustee agrees otherwise, the new Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Trustee.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Certificates.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS
A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or the Main Shareholder to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or the Main Shareholder in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or the Main Shareholder under the Finance Documents.
Clause 19.1 shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 17.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Agent Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 17.2.8, such failure must continue for at least 40 Banking Days after notice pursuant to Clause 17.2.9 before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 19.1.
The provisions of Clause 19.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clauses 9.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.
