Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Trustee and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 21.1.1 or, in case of letter, 3 Banking Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 21.1.1 or, in case of email to the Trustee or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 21.1.1.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Trustee shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 (Early redemption by request o f the Issuer), 10.8.1 (c), 11.6, 13.16, 14.1, 15.1 and 16.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
2 1 . 2.2
22. 22.1
22.2 22.3 22.4 23. 24. 24.1 24.2 24.3
In addition to Clause 21.2.1, if any information relating to the Certificates, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Trustee may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Trustee or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
