5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each
13(49)
Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.
5.4 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Investors" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons residents in Canada, Japan, Australia or Republic of Cyprus, and any offer to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds shall not be capable of being accepted by any party other than by the party or parties to whom such offer was made and shall not be renounceable in favour of parties other than the party or parties to whom such offer was made..
5.5 No invitation to subscribe for or purchase of the Bonds will be circulated or distributed, nor may the Bonds be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"), (ii) to a relevant-person pursuant-to Section 275 (1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275 (1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of any other applicable provisions of the SFA.
6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 6.1 Conditions Precedent for Settlement Date 6.1.1 Issuance of the Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer's Escrow
Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it: (a) this Bond Agreement duly executed;
(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
