# 3055942/1
the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights, to the extent permitted by law.
"ARV2" means "Normandy", a passenger/Ro-Ro vessel (IMO No.7901772), built in 1982 in Gothenburg, Sweden, to be acquired by New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) and registered in the Cyprus Ship Registry with call sign 5BDU2, including all relevant equipment that is part of the accommodation vessel scope (being attached to the vessel or not).
"ARV2 Earnings Account" means the account established by New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 with the Account Bank, into which all earnings related to ARV2 and payable to the New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 shall be paid directly from the contracting party. The ARV2 Earnings Account shall be pledged (but not blocked) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights, to the extent permitted by law.
"Assignment of Claims" means a first priority assignment of any monetary claims the Parent will have from time to time against any member of the Group (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, the Parent's claims under the Shareholder Loan), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Assignment of Earnings" means a first priority assignment of earnings payable to the Owning Companies (including earnings under any Charter Contract) related to the Vessels, in favour of _____ the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). The Owning Companies shall give notices to and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties, including but not limited to any Charter Contracts.
"Assignment of Insurances" means the first priority assignment of any relevant insurances related to the Vessels and the equipment related thereto, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Assignment of Management Agreements" means a first priority assignment of the Business Management Agreement in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), including declaration of subordination of any amounts payable by the Issuer and/or the Owning Companies to the claims of the Bondholders upon an Event of Default. The assignment shall also include direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights provided 60 days prior notice, and the Issuer and/or the Owning Companies shall give notice and obtain consent and acknowledgement from the Vessel Managers under the Business Management Agreement.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
