#3055942/1
"C harter Contracts" means any charter contract for the employment of the Vessels, being employment contracts with third parties. Any such third party employment contract for any of the Vessels must be entered into by the Owning Companies.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Cyprus Owning Company ARV1" means EOAL Cyprus ARV1 Limited (Company registration number HE288807 and having its registered office at Arch. Makariou III, 195, Neocleous House, 3030 Limassol, Cyprus), a company 100% directly owned by the Issuer, and to become the direct owner of ARV1 in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization).
"Default" means an Event of Default or any event or circumstance specified in Clause 15 (Events o f Default) which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default.
"Disbursement" means release of funds from the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 6.2 (Conditions Precedentfor Disbursement).
"Earnings Accounts" means the ARV1 Earnings Account and the ARV2 Earnings Account.
"Earnings Account Pledges" means a first priority pledge over each of the Owning Companies' claims against the Account Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of each of the Owning Companies in the Earnings Accounts, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
