"Q uarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Senior Debt Facilities" means any existing and future senior secured debt (including interest, default interest, guarantees, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to such facilities) obtained by the Group.
"Short Term Portion of Long Term Debt" means the aggregate amount of such portion of the Group's (on a consolidated basis) long-term debt (which is treated as long term debt in accordance with the Approved Accounting Principles), which falls due within the next 12 calendar months after the end of the relevant Measurement Period.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Total Assets" means, at the date of calculation (on a consolidated basis), the aggregate book value of those of the Group's assets, which, according to the Approved Accounting Principles, shall be included as assets in a balance sheet.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
m
