(b) Upon the occurrence of a Significant Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall immediately notify the Bond Trustee in writing thereof and promptly once the insurance proceeds (if any) are available to it, but in any event no later than 210 calendar days following the occurrence of the Significant Total Loss Event, redeem all Outstanding Bonds at 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).
(d) Upon the occurrence of the Additional Yme Interest Long Stop Date Event, the Issuer shall immediately notify the Bond Trustee in writing thereof and, not later than 30 calendar days following such event, redeem Bonds equalling 1/3 of the amount of the Initial Bond Issue at a redemption price at 102 per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).
(e) For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption prices in items (a) to (d) above shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the redemption is carried out.
41/75
(f) Any funds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account at the date the redemption is carried out may be used to redeem the Bonds if the redemption made under this Clause 10.4 (provided that any insufficient balance on the Escrow Account shall not release the Issuer from the obligation to redeem Bonds).
10.5 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
