"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
"Book Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
1
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
