(e) 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty three (33) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date, provided however that the early redemption pursuant to this paragraph (e) is financed in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s) in which the Holders shall have the possibility to participate by way of roll-over, however subject to the Issuer's decision on allocation.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby: one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1. signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and, (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, or the incurrence of any Subsequent Bond Issue or Market Loan
2
issued by the Issuer, which requires that the Maintenance Test or the Incurrence Test is met (as applicable) and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O.Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"De-listing Event" means the situation where (i) the shares in the Issuer are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (ii) trading in the shares in the Issuer on the relevant Regulated Market is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 12.1.
"Final Redemption Date" means 23 May 2020.
