Notes shall be 29 April 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Rate" means the three (3) month STIBOR plus 3.90 per cent.per annum.
"Interest Receivable" means, in respect of any relevant Test Period, the amount of interest accrued due to any member of the Group during such Test Period.
"Issuer" means Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556981-7660.
"Issuing Agent" means Nordea Bank AB (publ), Reg. No. 516406-0120, SE-105 71 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"Listing Failure" means a situation where (i) the Initial Notes have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within four (4) months after the First Issue Date, (ii) any Subsequent Notes have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within thirty (30) calendar days after the relevant subsequent issue date, provided however not being a date falling prior to the date of listing as set out in (i), or (iii) at any time after such listing, the Notes cease to be listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market).
"Loan to Value" means, at any time, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of:
(a) the outstanding Financial Indebtedness (excluding guarantees and similar arrangements as well as any intra group loans and any Capital Securities) less Cash and cash equivalent investments; to
(b) the aggregate market value of the Properties as set out in the latest quarterly interim report or annual report (as applicable), or, when a Property has been newly acquired, the relevant external market valuations prepared in accordance with Clause 11.11, or, until a valuation is made in accordance with Clause 11.11, the purchase price for such Property.
