"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS), within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (as amended from time to time).
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent, regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it as agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Saturday or Sunday or other public holiday. Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Cash" means immediately available funds in bank or postal accounts.
3
"Capital Securities" means any subordinated debt instruments issued by the Issuer which are, entirely or partly, (i) treated, or intended to be treated, as equity by Moody's Investor Services Limited and/or Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or (ii) is permitted to be accounted for as equity in accordance with the Accounting Principles at the date of issuance of the relevant subordinated debt instrument(s).
