34-r3The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 2 H 19.1. setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective. and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions the Finance Documents are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
22.APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENTOR SECURITY AGENT
22r1Appointment of Agent/Security Agent
22.1.1By subscribing for Bonds. each initial Holder appoints the Agent/Security Agent to act as its agent and security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents. and authorises the Agent/Security Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent. unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder. including the winding-up. dissolution. liquidation. company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion). or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds. each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent/Security Agent to act on its behalf.
22.1.2Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent/Security Agent _provide the Agent/Security Agent with any such documents. including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent/Security Agent). as the Agent/Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent/Security Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
22.1.3The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent/Security Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent/Security Agent). that the Agent/Security Agent _deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
22.1.4The Agent/Security Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs. losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent Agreement and the Agent's/Security Agent's obligations as agent or- and security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
22.1.5The Agent/Security Agent may act as agent and/or security agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
44
