20.4.4 20.4.5 20.4.6 20.4.7 20.4.8
22.4.2Subject to Clause 22.4.620,4.6. if the Agent/Security Agent is insolvent, the Agent/Security or becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent/Security Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent/Security Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
22.4.3A Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00- ) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may. by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall. if given by several Holders. be given by them jointly). require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent/Security Agent and appointing a new Agent/Security Agent. The Issuer may. at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it. propose to the Holders that the Agent/Security Agent be dismissed and a new Agent/Security Agent appointed.
22.4.4If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent/Security Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent/Security Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders. the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent/Security Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
22.4.5The retiring Agent/Security Agent shall. at its own cost. make available to the successor Agent/Security Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent/Security Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent/Security Agent _under the Finance Documents.
22.4.6The Agent's/Security Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent/Security Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent/Security Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent/Security Agent.
22.4.7Upon the appointment of a successor. the retiring Agent/Security Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent/Security Agent. Its successor. the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent/Security Agent.
22.4.8In the event that there is a change of the Agent/Security Agent _in accordance with this Clause 224204. the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent/Security Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new
47
