both calculated by using a discount rate of 5 0 fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e., comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
8
be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Market Loan Refinancing" means a Market Loan on substantially the same terms, or for the benefit of the Holders more favourable terms, than the Bonds which is offered by the Issuer to the Holders whereby the Bonds will be exchanged for an equivalent (or better) investment under the new Market Loan.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (as applicable) ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Mortgage Certificates" means each of the mortgage certificates (Sw. pantbrev) issued in the properties Karlskrona Stumholmen 2:1, Karlskrona Stumholmen 2:21, Karlskrona Wattrang 21, Karlskrona Adlersten 59. Karlskrona Sparre 3. Karlskrona Rugen 50. Karlskrona Humble 2. Karlskrona Tyska Bryggaregården 6. Karlskrona Möllebacken 15. Karlskrona Frimuraren 8, Karlshamn Plommonet 3 and. Ronneby .loha.nnishi.is 1:19.
"Mortgage Certificates Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement regarding a first priority pledge over the Mortgage Certificates and the Tenant-owner Flat Unit entered into between the Property Company and the Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders).
"NASDAQ OMX Nasdaq Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB-(^reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents, including funds held on the Deposit Account and the Escrow Account, of the Group according to the relevant latest Financial Report, in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
