"Subordination Agreement" means an agreement entered into between the Agent, the Issuer and any shareholders of the Issuer whereby the shareholders agree, inter alia, to subordinate their claims under any Shareholder Loans to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the relevant Record Date for the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth (1/12) of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on
14
actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Swedish Mortgage Certificates" means each of the mortgage certificates (Sw. pantbrev) issued in the properties Karlskrona Stumholmen 2:1, Karlskrona Stumholmen 2:21, Karlskrona Wattrang 21, Karlskrona Adlersten 59, Karlskrona Sparre 3, Karlskrona Rugen 50, Karlskrona Humble 2, Karlskrona Tyska Bryggaregården 6, Karlskrona Möllebacken 15, Karlskrona Frimuraren 8, Karlshamn Plommonet 3 and Ronneby Johannishus 1:19=
"Swedish Mortgage Certificates Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement regarding a first priority pledge over the Swedish Mortgage Certificates and the Tenant owner Flat Unit entered into between Galliaden and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders).
"Swedish Pledged Subsidiaries" means each of Galliaden Holding and Galliaden.
"Swedish Properties" means the real estate Karlskrona Stumholmen 2:1, Karlskrona Stumholmen 2:21, Karlskrona Wattrang 21, Karlskrona Adlersten 59, Karlskrona Sparre 3, Karlskrona Rugen 50, Karlskrona Humble 2, Karlskrona Tyska Bryggaregården 6, Karlskrona Möllebacken 15, Karlskrona Frimuraren 8, Karlshamn Plommonet 3, Ronneby Johannishus 1:19, Karlskrona Dahlberg 31, Karlskrona Dahlberg 32, Karlskrona Dahlberg 33, Karlskrona Dahlberg 52, Karlskrona Dahlberg 60, Karlskrona Dahlberg 61 and the Tenant owner Flat Unit.
"Swedish Share Pledge Agreements" means each of the Galliaden Holding Share Pledge Agreement and the Galliaden Share Pledge Agreement. "Tenant-owner Flat Unit" means the tenant-owner flat unit (Sw. bostadsrätt) with number 7002 held by Galliaden the Property Company in the property Karlskrona Adlersten 58 owned by HSB Bostadsrättsförening Adlersten i Karlskrona, reg. no. 735000-1777.
