10.5.3 10.5.4
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Permitted Partial Divestment or an Excess Cash Event
The Issuer shall ensure that upon a Permitted Partial Divestment and/or upon an Excess Cash Event, the net proceeds from such divestment or the Excess Cash, as applicable (the "Prepayment Amount") are transferred to the Deposit Account. When the Prepayment Amount has been transferred to the Deposit Account, the Agent shall, where applicable, release the security interest over the divested Property. The Prepayment Amount shall remain on the Deposit Account until the Agent instructs the Bank to transfer such amount for the purpose of partial prepayment of the Bonds in accordance with below.
The Agent and the Issuer shall ensure that the Prepayment Amount is used to partially prepay the Bonds by applying the Prepayment Amount towards reduction of the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata at a price equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall mean that the prepayments shall be made at a premium.
The amount to be prepaid shall be rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000 per Bond and the requirement for the Issuer to mandatorily prepay should not apply until the aggregate Prepayment Amount exceeds SEK 10,000,000.
The prepayment of the Bonds shall (i) be irrevocable, (ii) be executed on the first Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) falling after the completion of the Permitted Partial Divestment or after the publication of the Financial Report evidencing the Excess Cash Event in question, as applicable, (iii) include accrued but unpaid interest and (iv) be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent, where such notice shall state the relevant Interest Payment Date on which the prepayment shall be made, the Prepayment Amount and the relevant Record Date.
24
