12.7 12.8 12.9 12.10
145The Issuer is only obligated to inform the Agent according to Clause 14.4 12.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with NASDAQ OMX Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market (as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm the relevant Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obligated to either seek the approval from NASDAQ OMX Stockholm the relevant Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 1 4 4 12.4.
14.6If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 1 4 4 12.1, the Agent shall decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 16- 14 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default and whether such event has a Material Adverse Effect.
1 4 7 If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 16-1 4 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
148If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 1412, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
14-9For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 1 4 12 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 16-14 (Decisions by Holders).
14.10If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to 105.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or, if the Bonds are
36
declared due and payable on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount.
