Company in the Escrow Account and the BP Structured Energy Derivative Escrow Account (but excluding any Cash and Cash Equivalents in the Debt Service Retention Account).
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if (a) the Issuer or any Restricted Group Company sells or otherwise disposes of all or parts of its working interest (directly or indirectly) in any of its Production Licences or (b) an Event of Default occurs and is continuing and the Bond Trustee declares that the Outstanding Bonds are in default and due for immediate payment.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Restricted Group, the Parent and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) any Obligor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of any Development Licence or Production Licence or any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 27 September 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Maximum BP Structured Energy Derivative Tranche 2 Retirement Amount" means the aggregate of USD 25,000,000 and the amount of any balance transferred to the Escrow Account from the BP Structured Energy Derivative Escrow Account on closure of the BP Structured Energy Derivative Escrow Account.
"Net Interest-Bearing Debt" means the book value of the relevant person's interest bearing Financial Indebtedness less that person's Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"New Equity" means the issuance of new equity securities (fully paid in) by the Parent only (including convertible equity securities or subordinated convertible debt securities). For the avoidance of doubt, any issuance of new equity due to call for uncalled equity (if applicable) shall not be treated as New Equity.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Novated Pre-Paid Put Options" means the pre-paid put options, if any, novated from the hedging banks for the Existing Credit Facility.
