2.6 2.7 2.8
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE NOTES
The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
Each Noteholder is bound by these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. Each Noteholder acknowledges and agree, either by subscribing for or acquiring Notes, that the Notes are subject to these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents.
The nominal amount of each Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Notes is SEK 200,000,000 (the "Initial Note Issue"). All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer may, on one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. The Issuer may, at one or several occasions after the First Issue Date, issue Subsequent Notes (each such issue, a "Subsequent Note Issue"), so long as the Total Nominal Amount under such Subsequent Note Issue(s) and the Initial Note Issue does not exceed SEK 500,000,000 and in each case provided that the Incurrence Test (tested pro forma including such Subsequent Note Issue) is met. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The issue price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount.
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory law and without any preference among them.
