d) Insolvency. Any Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent;
(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or similar (by way of voluntary arrangement or otherwise) of any Group Company; and
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, administrator, or other similar officer in respect of any Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure.
f) Creditors' process. Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within 30 calendar days;
g) Continuation of the business. The Issuer or any Group Company ceases to carry on its business or in the case of a merger or demerger as stipulated in Clause 12.10 (Mergers and demergers), if such discontinuation would have a Material Adverse Effect; and
h) Invalidity etc. It becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
13.2 The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 13.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
13.3 The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within 20 Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default).
13.4 If the Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
