"Change of Control Event" means an event upon which any person or group other than the Investors becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and have the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance set out in Schedule 1 (Compliance Certificate), signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer certifying, inter alia, that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include the ratio and calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Leverage and the Interest Cover.
"Conditions Subsequent" means the documents and evidence set out in Schedule 2 part IV (Conditions Subsequent relating to Initial Notes).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 5561 128074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"EBIT" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated operating profit of the Group before taxation: (a) before deducting any Net Finance Charges; (b) before taking into account any Exceptional Items; (c) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative
instrument (other than any derivative which is accounted for on a hedge accounting basis); (d) before deducting any costs in relation to the Acquisition; (e) before taking into account any gain or loss arising on an upward or downward revaluation of any asset or liability or on a disposal of any asset (not being a disposal made in the ordinary course of trading); (f) before taking into account any pension items; (g) before deducting the proceeds of any business interruption insurance; (h) plus or minus the Group's share of the profit or losses (after finance costs and tax) of non-members of the Group; and (i) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests,
5
in each case, to the extent added, deducted or taken into account, as the case may be, for the purposes of determining operating profits of the Group before taxation.
