10 10.1
101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of fifteen (15) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Mandatory total redemption if no Signing or Closing occurs
If Closing does not occur prior to the SPA Long Stop Date, the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.6.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent prior to the date of redemption. Any such notice shall be sent as soon as practically possible and is irrevocable. Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Transaction Security
