"Call Option Price" means
(b) 103.125 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 101.875 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;
(d) 101.250 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date;
(e) subject to paragraph (f) below, 100.625 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date; or
(f) 100.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 45 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date, provided that the full amount of the total outstanding Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Bonds are refinanced in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s) in which the Holders shall have the possibility to participate by way of roll-over (however subject to the Issuer's and the Issuing Agent's decision on allocation).
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholders) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent. of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the CFO, CEO or another signatory of the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, that the Incurrence Test is met and
