(i) Continuation of the business: The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business (except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in paragraph (f) of Clause 14.1 (Mergers and demergers) or (ii) a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 13.7 (Disposals o fassets)) and provided, in relation to the discontinuation of a Material Group Company other than the Issuer, that such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
24
14.3 If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
14.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance ofthe type specified in Clause 14.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 14.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 14.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 14.
14.5 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 14.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 14.4.
14.6 If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 14.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within 5 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders of the default and (ii) decide, within 20 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
14.7 If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
14.8 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 14, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
25
