27
16.6 Any matter not covered by Clause 16.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 16.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of these Terms and Conditions that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of Clause 19.1) or a termination of the Bonds.
16.7 Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 50.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 16.5, and otherwise 20.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
16.8 If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 16.7 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
16.9 Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
16.10 A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
16.11
