35
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
9.3 Tranche C . If the Tranche C Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche C Bonds shall equal the Tranche C Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche C Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.2, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche C Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche C Maturity Date.
9.4 Tranche D . If the Tranche D Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche D Bonds shall accrue at a rate of 20.0% per annum from and including the Tranche D Issue Date and shall be payable in cash on the earlier o f (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche D Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.3, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche D Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche D Maturity Date.
9.5 Tranche B 2. Interest on the Tranche B2 Bonds shall accrue at a rate of 12.0% per annum from and including the Tranche B2 Issue Date, and shall be payable in semi-annual installments on each April 1 and October 1, commencing April 1, 2014. Prior to the Tranche B2 Trigger Date, interest shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche B2 Bonds (the "Additional Tranche B2 Bonds") to the holders of Tranche B2 Bonds, increasing the principal amount of the Tranche B2 Bonds by an amount equal to the accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche B2 Bonds since the Tranche B2 Issue Date or the previous April 1 or October 1, as the case may be (such increase or issuance being referred to herein as "PIK Interest"). The number of Additional Tranche B2 Bonds allocated to a Bondholder holding Tranche B2 Bonds shall be made by dividing (x) the total accrued interest amount for the Tranche B2 Bonds for the six months ending on the relevant interest payment date with (y) the total number of Tranche B2 Bonds of that Bondholder, provided that the total number of additional Tranche B2 Bonds allocated to a Bondholder shall be rounded to the nearest USD 1.00. Subject to Clause 11.5, at no point shall the interest payable pursuant to the Tranche B2 Bonds (including issuances of Additional Tranche B2 Bonds) exceed USD 1,700,000.
Following an increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Tranche B2 Bonds as a result of a payment of PIK Interest, the Tranche B2 Bonds will bear interest on such increased principal amount from and after the date of such payment at a rate of 12.0% per annum. Following the Tranche B2 Trigger Date, interest shall be payable only in cash.
Interest on the Tranche B2 Bonds shall also be payable on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche B2 Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.4, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche B2 Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche B2 Maturity Date.
9.6 Additional Bonds. In the event that any Additional Bonds are issued, interest on such Additional Bonds shall equal the Additional Bonds Profit, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Additional Bonds applicable to that Additional Bond issue. Unless otherwise agreed upon between the Obligors and the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Bondholders' Meeting for the relevant Tranche or the holders of 75% of the Voting Bonds in the relevant Tranche) in accordance with this Bond Loan Agreement, the Additional Bonds Profit applicable to a particular Additional Bond issue shall be payable in cash on the earlier o f (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or
36
