The term of the Warrants is from and including the Tranche B2 Issue Date to the Expiry Date.
3.1 Each Warrantholder may exercise the Exercise Right at the Exercise Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Warrantholder at the time of exercise has the right to own Shares under Norwegian law and the Articles of Association of the Parent Issuer and that notification is given pursuant to Clause 3.2.
The Warrantholder is on the Exercise Date entitled to receive 1 - one - Share per each Warrant. Each Warrant must be exercised in whole and cannot be partly exercised. Any adjustment of the Exercise Price (and thereby the Exercise Right) shall be calculated as stipulated in Clauses 3, 4 and 5.
3.2 In order to exercise the Exercise Right, a Warrantholder shall deliver a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice to the Paying Agent (via the Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository). Exercise of the Exercise Right(s) shall be effected on the Exercise Date.
The relevant W arrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository shall notify the Paying Agent of request to exercise the Exercise Right(s) and shall simultaneously demand payment from the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the whole number of Shares to be issued under the Exercise Right(s) to an account designated by the Paying Agent, the payment being due three Banking Days before the Exercise Date.
Upon any exercise of the Exercise Right only full Shares shall be delivered, and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be entitled to receive fractions of Shares. If a Warrantholder simultaneously exercises the Exercise Right for more than one Warrant, the Shares resulting from such exercise shall be aggregated with respect to fractions of Shares. Remaining fractions of Shares shall not be claimed.
On the Exercise Date (a) if the Shares are registered in the Securities Depository, the Paying Agent shall transfer the number of Shares which are to be issued to the W arrantholder's account in the Securities Depository against crediting the Parent Issuer of the amount paid and (b) if the Shares are not registered in the Securities Depository, the Parent Issuer shall register the new Shares in its shareholder register.
3.3 The Parent Issuer is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) necessary approvals to increase the share capital of the Parent Issuer exist;
