The net proceeds o f the Tranche B2 Bonds shall be funded into the Tranche B Cash Management Accounts and shall be released from the Tranche B Cash Management Accounts:
(b) at the written request of the Parent Issuer, to the Parent Issuer; or
(c) to such person(s) and in such amounts as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the Tranche B Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
2.7 Additional Bonds. Subject to Clause 6.5, the applicable Issuer may issue additional bonds ("Additional Bonds"), in an aggregate principal amount equal to (i) in respect of the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche B2 Bonds and the Additional Tranche B2 Bonds (ii) in respect of the Tranche C Bonds, the Excess Amount in respect of Hull 718 and (iii) in respect of the Tranche D Bonds, the Excess Amount in respect of Hull 719. Additional Bonds may be issued by each of Cecon 2, Cecon 1 (in the event the Tranche C Bonds have been or, concurrently with such issuance of Additional Bonds, will be, issued) and Cecon 3 (in the event the Tranche D Bonds have been or, concurrently with such issuance of Additional Bonds, will be, issued), only (a) in one issuance in a principal amount no greater than 10.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche B Bonds, Tranche C Bonds or Tranche D Bonds previously or concurrently issued by such Issuer (with respect to each such Issue of Bonds, "Primary Additional Bonds") or (b) in a second issuance in a principal amount which, when added to the principal amount of any Primary Additional Bonds issued by the relevant Issuer, exceeds 10.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche B Bonds, Tranche C Bonds or Tranche D Bonds previously or concurrently issued by such Issuer (with respect to each such Issue, "Secondary Additional Bonds"). Subject to Clauses 2.9 and 9.5, in no event shall there occur, with respect to any Issuer, more than two issuances of Additional Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt no Additional Bonds may be issued by the Parent Issuer.
The aggregate principal amount o f all Additional Bonds issued by all relevant Issuers shall not exceed USD 35,000,000 (U.S. Dollar thirty five million).
The Tranche B2 Bonds are being issued as "Additional Bonds" under the Original Bond Loan Agreement, comprised of USD 7,000,000 of Primary Additional Bonds and USD 1,000,000 of Secondary Additional Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) following the issuance of the Tranche B2 Bonds, the aggregate principal amount of all further Additional Bonds issued by all relevant Issuers shall not exceed USD 27,000,000 (U.S. Dollar twenty seven million), to be further reduced dollar-for-dollar by any issuances of Additional Tranche B2 Bonds pursuant to Clause 9.5 and (ii) following the issuance of the Tranche B2 Bonds and subject to Clauses 2.9 and 9.5, Cecon 2 shall have exhausted its ability to issue Additional Bonds.
25
LEGAL U S E # 106853304.6
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
