"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Pre-Disbursement Security (Tap Issues)" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security).
"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security).
"Prevailing Rate" means, in respect of any relevant currency on any calendar day, the spot rate of exchange between the EUR and SEK prevailing as at or about 12 noon (Oslo time) on that date as appearing on or derived from the Relevant Page or, if such a rate cannot be determined at such time the average of the rate offered by two reputable Norwegian banks (otherwise in such other manner as the Bond Trustee shall consider in good faith).
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Reference Rate" shall mean EURIBOR (European Interbank Offered Rate) being (i) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Euro and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; (ii) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Bond Trustee at its request quoted by banks reasonably selected by the Bond Trustee, for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or (iii) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (ii), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant Interest Period. If any such rate is below zero, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
