disbursement to the Issuer), or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents as set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedentfor disbursement to the Issuer) shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.
(b) Applicants delivering Roll-Over Bonds will receive the accrued interest on the Roll Over Bonds up until the Issue Date and a 4.00 per cent. (call) premium, in accordance with the terms of the Existing Bonds, each payable in cash at the Issue Date (subject to reimbursement of such premium in the event of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.5 (Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date). Any excess amount paid in kind by delivering Roll-Over Bonds as consideration for Temporary Bonds (by the application of the Prevailing Rate), shall if in excess of SEK 10,000 for an applicant, be paid in cash to the relevant applicant.
(c) The Bonds to be settled on the Issue Date in cash will be issued with a separate ISIN, which will be the surviving ISIN for the Bonds. Bonds to be settled in kind will be issued with a temporary ISIN NO 001 0789076 (the "Temporary Bonds"). The Temporary Bonds will be merged with the Bonds in connection with first disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account. The CSD and the Trustee shall be authorised to carry out the aforesaid in the best practical way.
6.3 Distribution Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (d) above.
6.4 Tap Issues The Issuer may issue Additional Bonds if:
(a) the Bond Trustee has executed a Tap Issue Addendum;
(b) the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of these Bond Terms are true and correct in all material respects and repeated by the Issuer as at the date of issuance of such Additional Bonds;
(c) the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test; and
(d) the aggregate Nominal Amount of Bonds, including Additional Bonds issued under a Tap Issue does not exceed the Maximum Issue Amount.
