10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest).
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the sixty (60) days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) by notifying the Bond Trustee (which in turn shall immediately notify the remaining Bondholders) of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the day falling (fifteen) (15) days after the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be
35 (62)
EXECUTION VERSION
given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date (a) In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) for release of funds from the Escrow Account have not been fulfilled within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter (with the Longstop Date being the Record Date) redeem the Bonds and the Temporary Bonds at a price of 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Bond to be redeemed), by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
(b) In relation to an event as set out in paragraph (a) above, the Issuer shall have the right to repay Temporary Bonds with Roll-Over Bonds (as payment in kind to the holders of the Temporary Bonds (valued at par value)). Any accrued and unpaid interest on the Temporary Bonds, call premium or other amounts payable in respect of any mandatory redemption under this Clause 10.5 (Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date), shall be payable in cash, provided however, that the Issuer is entitled to withhold (by set-off) the 1.00 per cent. premium payable in respect of any mandatory redemption under this Clause 10.5 (Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date) and any Roll-Over Bonds to cover reimbursement of the 4.00 per cent. premium originally paid to the Existing Bondholders on the Issue Date.
