(b) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in DKK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against DKK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Danish Central Bank (Nationalbanken) on its website (www.nationalbanken.dk). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(d) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
13
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Tranche 1 Bonds are denominated in USD and the Tranche 2 Bonds are denominated in DKK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The minimum Total Nominal Amount of the Tranche 1 Initial Bonds is USD 70,000,000 and the minimum Total Nominal Amount of the Tranche 2 Initial Bonds is DKK 200,000,000. The minimum registration unit in respect of each Bond with the CSD shall be the Minimum Registration Unit. The Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test (tested pro forma including such incurrence) is met, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds as Tranche 1 Bonds or Tranche 2 Bonds, at the discretion of the Issuer. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Tranche 1 Initial Bonds or Tranche 2 Initial Bonds, as applicable, shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Tranche 1 Initial Bonds, the Tranche 2 Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed USD 250,000,000, or the equivalent and combined USD and DKK amount thereof.
(e) The Bonds are freely transferable. The minimum amount of Bonds to be transferred by or to any Bondholder may not be less than the Minimum Trading Unit.
