(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test (tested pro forma including such incurrence) is met, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds as Tranche 1 Bonds or Tranche 2 Bonds, at the discretion of the Issuer. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Tranche 1 Initial Bonds or Tranche 2 Initial Bonds, as applicable, shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Tranche 1 Initial Bonds, the Tranche 2 Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed USD 250,000,000, or the equivalent and combined USD and DKK amount thereof.
(f) The Bonds constitute direct, general, secured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Denmark, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
14
3. Use of Proceeds
The Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds shall be applied to (i) finance the Acquisition, (ii) refinance the Refinancing Debt, (iii) pay Transaction Costs, and (iv) finance general corporate purposes of the Group. Any proceeds from any issuance of Subsequent Bonds shall be applied towards general corporate purposes of the Group, including acquisitions.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The payments of the Net Proceeds and the transfer of the Exchanged Existing Bonds to the Escrow Accounts are subject to:
(i) the Agent having received documents and evidence of the Escrow Accounts Pledge Agreement being duly executed and perfected;
