(viii) a legal opinion on the validity and enforceability of the Finance Documents issued by Kromann Reumert.
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Escrow Accounts) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Accounts in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Escrow Accounts. The Agent shall instruct the bank with which the Issuer holds the Escrow Accounts to transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Escrow Accounts, to the bank account specified by the Issuer on the first possible date which is a business day in both Denmark and Norway following such instructions.
16
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent on or before the Long Stop Date, (i) the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds (which have not been purchased pursuant to the Exchange Offer) at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Escrow Cash Accounts shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer and any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer and (ii) the Exchanged Existing Bonds, standing on the Escrow VP Account, shall, together with accrued interest on such Exchanges Existing Bonds and interest paid under such Exchanged Existing Bonds since the First Issue Date standing to the credit of the Escrow Interest Account, be released to the respective Existing Bondholders of such Exchanged Existing Bonds. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Escrow Accounts Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d). The redemption date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the Long Stop Date.
(e) The Issuer shall ensure that all interest paid under the Exchanged Existing Bonds, during the period from the First Issue Date up to the date when the conditions precedent for disbursement (as set out in Clause 4(b)) have been fulfilled, are directed to the Escrow Interest Account and, should any such interest be paid to the Issuer, the Issuer shall immediately deposit such interest to the Escrow Interest Account.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the relevant requirements of the CSD. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to the CSD.
(b) Upon registration with the CSD, Bondholders shall be bound by these Terms and Conditions without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.
(c) The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall within five (5) Business Days of any amendment or variation of these Terms and Conditions give notice to the CSD of any such changes or variation. The Issuer shall ensure that the Agent is provided with a copy of any notification given to the CSD.
