(D) any time from and including the date falling 54 months after the First Call Date to, but not including, the date falling 60 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.36 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest;
(F) any time from and including the date falling 66 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with this Clause 9.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
22
9.4 Voluntary Partial Redemption
(a) The Issuer may on one occasion each calendar year, make partial redemptions of the Bonds in an amount corresponding to a maximum of 5.00 per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount as of the First Issue Date, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially redeemed by way of pro rata payments to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
(b) The redemption price per Bond shall be an amount equal to 103.00 per cent. of the redeemed Outstanding Nominal Amount plus accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount.
(c) Redemption in accordance with this Clause 9.4 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date (being an Interest Payment Date) to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to repay the Bonds with the applicable amount.
9.5 Voluntary Partial Redemption upon an Equity Listing Event
