"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date in February 2020.
"German Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany (Ge: Bund or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that have become publicly available at least 2 Business Days (but not more than 5 Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date, provided, however that if the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of the direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a weekly average yield is given, the German Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Group" means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any Person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means, to the extent legally and practically possible, joint and several unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantees (No. "selvskyldnerkausjon"), or the corresponding guarantee under other applicable law to the extent made by a Guarantor which is not a Norwegian legal entity, from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors.
"Guarantor" means the Initial Guarantors and any Group Company which subsequently becomes a Material Group Company.
"Hedging Counterparty" means any hedging counterparty to any Permitted Hedging Obligation entered into by any Group Company.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
