(vi) first priority pledge in any Intercompany Loans from the Issuer to the Guarantors and intercompany loans arising under any cash pool.
(c) The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than two (2) days before the Issue Date. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account, at which time the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as security agent) shall have the right (acting in its sole discretion) to release the Pre-Settlement Security.
(d) The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Bond Trustee will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, act as security agent both in respect of the Pre Disbursement Security and any other security provided in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (unless otherwise set out in the Intercreditor Agreement for any Permitted Security not to be shared among the Secured Parties).
(e) The Issuer shall for as long as any amount remain outstanding under the Bonds ensure that all shares issued by its directly owned Subsidiaries are pledged on first priority in favour of the of the Secured Parties.
(f) The Bond Trustee (in its capacity as Security Agent) shall pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (upon the Issuer's request) release any Guarantee or Security provided by a Guarantor that ceases to be a Material Group Company unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
3. THE BONDHOLDERS
3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders (a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.
(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.
3.2 Limitation of rights of action (a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the
