(iv) the Interest Payment Date in August 2021 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.5% of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond (plus accrued but unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds).
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the amount to be paid up to the First Call Date according to subsection a)(i) above (the "Make Whole Amount") is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interests).
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred
31 (57)
EXECUTION VERSION
pursuant to Clause 12.3 {Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the third Business Day after the end of the 60 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
