32 (57)
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
in respect of both (i) and (ii) above, the financial statements shall specifically include, for the Relevant Period, EBITDA and Net Interest Bearing Debt (and otherwise as required under the Incurrence Test) in respect of the Group.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports), however only once for each relevant reporting period, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying i.a. that the Financial Statements are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements.
(b) The Financial Reports shall specifically include, for the Relevant Period, EBITDA and Net Interest Bearing Debt (and otherwise as required under the Incurrence Test) in respect of the Group.
(c) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using IFRS consistently applied.
