DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES
You willfin d definitions o f certain capitalized terms used in this "Description o f the Notes" under the heading "Certain Definitions". For purposes o f this "Description o f the Notes", references to the "Issuer", "we", "our", and "us" refer only to Verisure HoldingAB (publ).
The Issuer will issue 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.75% Senior Secured Notes, Series A, due 2018 (the "Series A Fixed Rate Notes"), 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, Series A, due 2018 (the "Series A Floating Rate Notes" and, together with the Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes, the "Series A Notes") and 271.5 million aggregate principal amount of 8.75% Senior Secured Notes, Series B, due 2018 (the "Series B Notes" and, together with the Series A Notes, the "Notes") under an indenture to be dated as of February 15, 2012 (the "Indenture"), between, inter alios, itself, the Swedish Purchaser, the Targets and the subsidiaries of the Targets organized in Sweden, Spain, Norway and Portugal, as guarantors (together, the "Initial Guarantors", which are Dream Purchaser AB, Securitas Direct AB, Securitas Direct Sverige AB, Securitas Direct Services AB, Aroundio Logistics AB, ESML SD Iberia Holding, S.A.U., Securitas Direct Espana, S.A.U., Securitas Direct AS and Securitas Direct Portugal, Unipessoal Lda), Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the "Trustee"), and Nordea Bank AB (publ), as security agent (the "Security Agent"). Upon the initial issuance o f the Notes, the Notes will be guaranteed by the Initial Guarantors.
The proceeds of the offering of the Notes sold on the Issue Date will be used by the Issuer to repay a portion o f the Senior Loan Agreement and to pay costs and expenses incurred in connection with the offering as set forth in this offering memorandum under the caption "Use of Proceeds". Concurrently, the Issuer and the lenders under the Senior Loan Agreement will amend the terms o f the Senior Loan Agreement, as described in "Description o f Certain Indebtedness-- Series A Senior Loan Agreement" (such amended and restated agreement, the "Series A Senior Loan Agreement").
The Indenture will be unlimited in aggregate principal amount, o f which 871.5 million aggregate principal amount o f Notes will be issued in this offering. We may issue an unlimited principal amount of additional Series A Fixed Rate Notes having identical terms and conditions as the Series A Fixed Rate Notes (the "Additional Series A Fixed Rate Notes"), an unlimited principal amount of additional Series A Floating Rate Notes having identical terms and conditions as the Series A Floating Rate Notes (the "Additional Series A Floating Rate Notes" and, together with the Series A Fixed Rate Notes, the "Additional Series A Notes") and an unlimited principal amount o f additional Series B Notes having identical terms and conditions as the Series B Notes (the "Additional Series B Notes" and, together with the Additional Series A Notes, the "Additional Notes"). We will only be permitted to issue Additional Notes in compliance with the covenants contained in the Indenture, including the covenant restricting the Incurrence of Indebtedness (as described below under "--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness"). Except with respect to right o f payment and optional redemption, and as otherwise provided for in the Indenture, the Notes issued in this offering and, if issued, any Additional Notes will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this "Description o f the Notes", references to the "Notes" include the Notes and any Additional Notes that are actually issued.
The Indenture and the Guarantees thereunder will be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreements (as defined below). The terms of the Intercreditor Agreement are important to understanding the terms and ranking of the Liens on the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees. Please see "Description of Certain Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement" for a description of the material terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement. Additionally, the terms o f the Indenture are important to understanding the rights of priority and payment between the Series A Notes and the Series B Notes. Please see "--Right of Payment".
This "Description of the Notes" is intended to be an overview of the material provisions of the Notes, the Indenture and the Security Documents (as defined below). Since this description of the terms o f the Notes is only a summary, you should refer to the Notes, the Indenture and the Security Documents for complete descriptions of the obligations of the Issuer and your rights. Copies of such documents are incorporated by reference.
138
The registered Holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. Only registered Holders will have rights under the Indenture.
