The Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Registrar will be entitled to treat the Holder of a Note as the owner of it for all purposes.
Security General The Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by first-ranking Liens over the Collateral. Subject to certain Permitted Collateral Liens, the Collateral will be pledged pursuant to the Security Documents to the Security Agent on behalf of the holders of the secured obligations that are secured by the Collateral, including, (i) on a first-priority basis, the Holders, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, the lenders under the Series A Senior Loan and the creditors under certain hedging obligations and, (ii) on a second-priority basis, the lenders under the Mezzanine Loan Agreement. The validity and enforceability of the Liens over the Collateral issued as of the Issue Date and over any additional Collateral established in the future as set out below, will be subject to the limitations described in "Limitations on Validity and Enforceability o f the Notes Guarantees and the Security Interests".
On the Issue Date, the Collateral will include the following property and assets: (1) all issued shares of the Issuer, the Swedish Purchaser and the Targets; (2) all issued shares of the subsidiaries of the Targets organized in Sweden, Norway, Portugal and Spain, consisting of (a) Securitas Direct Sverige AB; (b) Aroundio Logistics AB; (c) Securitas Direct Services AB; (d) Securitas Direct AS (to be replaced with a pledge over a new private limited liability company to be incorporated in Norway following the incorporation of such company, which shall concurrently grant replacement security in the shares of Securitas Direct AS); (e) the Spanish Operating Company; and (f) Securitas Direct Portugal, Unipessoal Lda; (3) all issued equity certificates of the Issuer and the Swedish Purchaser; (4) the bank accounts o f the Spanish Target; (5) all loans to the Swedish Purchaser of the proceeds from the Senior Loan and the Mezzanine Loan; (6) the rights of the Purchasers under the Acquisition Agreement; (7) all intercompany receivables of the Swedish Purchaser from the Swedish Target and the Spanish Target and o f the Swedish Target from the Spanish Target and the Spanish Operating Company; (8) the rights of the Issuer under certain due diligence reports related to the Acquisition; and (9) certain other property and assets that have also been pledged to secure the Revolving Credit Facility and the Series A Senior Loan, which property and assets include, depending on the jurisdiction o f incorporation and the location o f assets o f the relevant security provider, (i) certain rights under insurance policies, (ii) bank accounts, (iii) certain receivables and intercompany loans and (iv) certain intellectual property rights.
(collectively, the "Issue Date Collateral").
Any additional security interests that are in the future pledged to secure obligations under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Indenture will also constitute Collateral. This includes security interests to be granted
145
on an equal and ratable first-priority basis pursuant to the terms o f the Revolving Credit Facility and the Series A Senior Loan and subject to certain agreed security principles (the "Post-Completion Collateral").
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall take such necessary actions, and the Issuer shall cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to take such necessary actions, so that the Liens on the Collateral shall, subject to legal representations, agreed security principles and certain limitations, be fully effective with respect to the Issue Date Collateral, on or about the Issue Date. In certain situations, a Post-Completion Guarantor might not be able to provide a Guarantee or grant the Post-Completion Collateral to the Security Agent for the benefit o f the Holders. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes-- Certain Notes Guarantors will not initially guarantee the Notes and certain Collateral will not initially secure the Notes." Subject to certain conditions, including compliance with the covenants described under "--Impairment of Security Interest" and "--Liens", the Issuer is permitted to pledge the Collateral in connection with future issuances o f its Indebtedness, including any Additional Notes, or Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, permitted under the Indenture and on terms consistent with the relative priority of such Indebtedness.
The proceeds from the sale of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations owed to the Holders o f the Notes. No appraisals of the Collateral have been made in connection with this offering of the Notes. By its nature, some or all of the Collateral will be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, the Collateral may not be able to be sold in a short period o f time, or at all. See "Risk Factors-- Risks Related to the Notes--The collateral may not be sufficient to secure the obligations under the Notes".
