146
Under the Security Documents, the Issuer and the Guarantors will grant security over the Collateral to secure the payment when due of the Issuer's and each o f the Guarantor's payment obligations under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Indenture. The Security Documents will be entered into among the relevant security provider and the Security Agent (and, with respect to the Spanish law Security Documents, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, the lenders under the Series A Senior Loan and the lenders under the Mezzanine Loan). When entering into the Security Documents, the Security Agent will act in its own name, but for the benefit o f the Holders from time to time. Under the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent will also act on behalf of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, the lenders under the Series A Senior Loan, the counterparties under certain hedging contracts and the lenders under the Mezzanine Loan in relation to the Security Interest in favor of such parties.
The Indenture will provide that, subject to the terms thereof and o f the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes and the Indenture, as applicable, will be secured by the Security Interest in the Collateral until all obligations under the Notes and the Indenture have been discharged. However, please see the section entitled "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes". The validity and enforceability of the Guarantees and the Security Interests and the liability of each Guarantor will be subject to the limitations described in "Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Notes Guarantees and the Security Interests".
The Security Documents will provide that the rights with respect to the Notes and the Indenture must be exercised by the Security Agent. Since the Holders are not a party to the Security Documents, Holders may not, individually or collectively, take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents. The Holders may only act through the Security Agent.
In the event that the Issuer or its Subsidiaries enter into insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceedings, the Security Interest created under the Security Documents or the rights and obligations enumerated in the Intercreditor Agreement could be subject to potential challenges. If any challenge to the validity of the Security Interest or the terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement was successful, the Holders may not be able to recover any amounts under the Security Documents. Please see "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes".
Enforcement of Security Interest
The Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement restrict the ability of the Holders or the Trustee to enforce the Security Interest and provide for the release of the Security Interest created by the Security Documents in certain circumstances upon enforcement by the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility. These limitations are described under "Description of Certain Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement" and "Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Notes Guarantees and the Security Interests". The ability to enforce may also be restricted by similar arrangements in relation to future indebtedness that is secured on the Collateral in compliance with the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement.
The creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Series A Senior Loan Agreement and the Mezzanine Loan Agreement, the counterparties to Hedging Obligations secured by the Collateral and the Trustee have, and by accepting a Note, each Holder will be deemed to have, appointed the Security Agent to act as its agent under the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents. The creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Series A Senior Loan Agreement and the Mezzanine Loan Agreement, the counterparties to Hedging Obligations secured by the Collateral and the Trustee have, and by accepting a Note, each Holder will be deemed to have, authorized the Security Agent to (i) perform the duties and exercise the rights, powers and discretions that are specifically given to it under the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents, together with any other incidental rights, power and discretions; and (ii) execute each Security Document, waiver, modification, amendment, renewal or replacement expressed to be executed by the Security Agent on its behalf.
147
