The obligations of a Guarantor under its Guarantee will be limited as necessary to prevent the relevant Guarantee from constituting a fraudulent conveyance or unlawful financial assistance under applicable law, or otherwise to reflect limitations under applicable law. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes-- Each Notes Guarantee and security interest will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability". The validity and enforceability o f the Guarantees and the liability of each Guarantor will be subject to the limitations described in "Limitations on Validity and Enforceability o f the Notes Guarantees and the Security Interests".
Not all o f our Subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes. As of September 30, 2011, on a pro forma basis giving effect to the Transactions, the Issuer and those entities we expect will become Guarantors held 84% of our consolidated assets. For the year ended December 31, 2010, on a pro forma basis giving effect to the Transactions, the Issuer's subsidiaries that will not guarantee the Notes generated 17% of our total net sales and had SEK343 million of our total liabilities. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, winding up, reorganization or other insolvency event of any of these non-guarantor Subsidiaries, the non guarantor Subsidiaries will pay the holders of their debt and their trade creditors before they will be able to distribute any of their assets to us.
Principal and Maturity The Issuer will issue 500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series A Fixed Rate Notes, 100.0 million in aggregate principal amount o f Series A Floating Rate Notes and 271.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Series B Notes on the Issue Date. The Series A Notes will mature on September 1, 2018 and the Series B Notes will mature on December 1, 2018. The Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and in integral multiples o f 1,000 in excess thereof.
Interest Interest on the Series A Fixed Rate Notes will accrue at the rate o f 8.75% per annum. Interest on the Series A Fixed Rate Notes will:
 accrue from the date of original issuance or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid;
 be payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1, commencing on September 1, 2012;
 be payable to the holder of record of such Series A Fixed Rate Notes on February 15 and August 15 immediately preceding the related interest payment date; and
 be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised o f twelve 30-day months.
Interest on the Series B Notes will accrue at the rate of 8.75% per annum. Interest on the Series B Notes will:
