(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of the Notes being purchased by the Issuer in the Change of Control Offer;
(5) in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the relevant Registrar for cancellation all Definitive Registered Notes accepted for purchase by the Issuer.
If any Definitive Registered Notes have been issued, the Paying Agent will promptly mail to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes so tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Notes, and the Trustee (or an authenticating agent) will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder o f Definitive Registered Notes a new Definitive Registered Note equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any; provided that each such new Note will be in a principal amount that is at least 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof.
For so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a public announcement with respect to the results o f the Change o f Control Offer as soon as reasonably practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date in a newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the Holders to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction. The existence of a Holder's right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Holder's Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control may deter a third party from seeking to acquire the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for the Change of Control at the time the Change o f Control Offer is made.
157
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements o f Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to this covenant. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change o f Control provisions o f the Indenture by virtue of the conflict.
The Issuer's ability to repurchase Notes issued by it pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The occurrence o f certain o f the events that constitute a Change of Control would require a mandatory prepayment o f Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Series A Senior Loan. In addition, certain events that may constitute a change of control under the Revolving Credit Facility and require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under such agreement may not constitute a Change of Control under the Indenture. Future Indebtedness of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the Flolders o f their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, such Indebtedness, even if the Change o f Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the Flolders upon a repurchase may be limited by the Issuer's then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes-- We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indenture".
