"Interest Period" means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on and including the day immediately preceding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Issue Date and end on and include June 1, 2012.
141
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open.
"Telerate Page 248" means the display page so designated on Bridge's Telerate Service (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor).
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on each Determination Date, determine the Applicable Rate and calculate the aggregate amount of interest payable in respect of the following Interest Period (the "Interest Amount"). The Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Applicable Rate to the principal amount of each Series A Floating Rate Note outstanding at the commencement of the Interest Period, multiplying each such amount by the actual amounts of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360. All percentages resulting from any of the above calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth o f a percentage point, with five onemillionths of a percentage point being rounded upwards (e.g., 4.876545% (or .04876545) being rounded to 4.87655% (or .0487655). The determination o f the Applicable Rate and the Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of willful default, bad faith or manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. In no event will the rate of interest on the Series A Floating Rate Notes be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.
The rights o f Holders to receive the payments of interest on such Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream"). If the due date for any payment in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment o f the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result o f any such delay.
Methods o f Receiving Payments on the Notes
Principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents; provided that all such payments with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Note registered in the name of or held by a nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof.
Principal, interest and premium, if any, on any certificated securities ("Definitive Registered Notes") will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents maintained for such purposes in the City o f London. In addition, interest on the Definitive Registered Notes may be paid by check mailed to the person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes. See "--Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes".
