Principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents; provided that all such payments with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Note registered in the name of or held by a nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof.
Paying Agent and Registrarfor the Notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more Paying Agents for the Notes in the City of London. The Issuer will also undertake to maintain a Paying Agent in a European Union member state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 regarding the taxation of savings income (the "Directive"), or any law implementing or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive. The initial Paying Agent will be Citibank N.A., London Branch (the "Principal Paying Agent").
The Issuer will also maintain a registrar (the "Registrar") and a transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent") in the City of London. The initial Registrar will be Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG and the initial Transfer Agent will be Citibank N.A., London Branch. The Transfer Agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership o f Definitive Registered Notes outstanding from time to time, if any, and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Issuer.
142
The Issuer may change any Paying Agents, Registrars or Transfer Agents for the Notes without prior notice to the Holders of such Notes. However, for so long as Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish notice o f any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). Such notice of the change in a Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent may also be published on the official website o f the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), to the extent and in the manner permitted by the rules o f the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar in respect o f the Notes.
Releases of the Guarantees The Guarantee of a Guarantor will terminate:
· upon a sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) o f the Capital Stock of the relevant Guarantor (whether by direct sale or sale of a holding company) or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Guarantor (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) otherwise permitted by the Indenture;
· upon the designation in accordance with the Indenture o f the Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
