(10) as provided in "Certain Covenants--Additional Intercreditor Agreements".
The consent o f the Holders is not necessary under the Indenture to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment of any Senior Secured Notes Document. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment. A consent to any amendment or waiver under the Indenture by any Holder of Notes given in connection with a tender of such Holder's Notes will not be rendered invalid by such tender.
For so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer will publish notice of any amendment, supplement and waiver in Luxembourg in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). Such notice of any amendment, supplement and waiver may also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Acts by Holders
In determining whether the Holders o f the required principal amount of the Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, the Notes owned by the Issuer or by any Person directly or indirectly controlled, or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, the Issuer will be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding.
Defeasance
The Issuer at any time may terminate all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Indenture ("legal defeasance") and cure all then existing Defaults and Events of Default, except for certain obligations, including those respecting the defeasance trust, the rights, powers, trusts, duties, immunities and indemnities o f the Trustee and the obligations of the Issuer in connection therewith and obligations concerning issuing temporary Notes, registration of Notes, mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and money for security payments held in trust. Subject to the foregoing, if the Issuer exercises its legal defeasance option, the Security Documents and the rights o f the Trustee and the Holders under the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement in effect at such time will terminate (other than with respect to the defeasance trust).
185
The Issuer at any time may terminate its obligations under the covenants described under "Certain Covenants" (other than clauses (1) and (2) of "Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation") and "Change of Control" and the default provisions relating to such covenants described under "Events of Default" above, the operation o f the cross-default upon a payment default, the cross acceleration provisions, the bankruptcy provisions with respect to the Issuer and Significant Subsidiaries, the judgment default provision, the guarantee provision and the security default provision described under "Events of Default" above ("covenant defeasance").
