Wilmington Trust, National Association is to be appointed as Trustee under the Indenture. The Indenture will provide that, except during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee will perform only such duties as are set forth specifically in the Indenture. During the existence of an Event o f Default, the Trustee will exercise such o f the rights and powers vested in it under the Indenture and use the same degree of care that a prudent Person would use in conducting its own affairs. The permissive rights of the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action enumerated in the Indenture will not be construed as an obligation or duty.
The Indenture will set out the terms under which the Trustee may retire or be removed, and replaced. Such terms will include, among others, (1) that the Trustee may be removed at any time by the Holders of a majority in principal amount o f the then outstanding Notes, or may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Issuer and (2) that if the Trustee at any time (a) has or acquires a conflict of interest that is not eliminated, (b) fails to meet certain minimum limits regarding the aggregate of its capital and surplus or (c) becomes incapable o f acting as Trustee or becomes insolvent or bankrupt, then the Issuer may remove the Trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder for not less than 6 months may petition any court for removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee.
Any removal or resignation o f the Trustee shall not become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee.
The Indenture will contain provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee for any loss, liability, taxes expenses incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the Indenture.
Notices
For so long as any o f the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules o f the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, notices with respect to the Notes o f the Issuer listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or if, in the opinion of the Issuer such publication is not practicable, in an English language newspaper having general circulation in Europe. In
187
addition, for so long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes, all notices to Holders o f the Notes will be delivered by or on behalf o f the Issuer to Euroclear and Clearstream. Such notices may also be published on the website o f the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Each such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made; provided that, if notices are mailed, such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the later of such publication and the seventh day after being so mailed. Any notice or communication mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to such Person by first-class mail or other equivalent means and shall be sufficiently given to such Holder if so mailed within the time prescribed. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
