LONDON 3718328 (2K)
8. PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST
8.1 Payment of principal and interest shall be made to those who are Holders on the fifth (5lh) Banking Day prior to the respective due date or on such other Banking Day, which is closer to the due date, and which is generally applied on the Swedish bond market (the "Record Date").
8.2 Except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions, if a payment is due on a day which is not a Banking Day, the due date for that payment shall instead be the following Banking Day. If the extension of the due date would mean that the payment is due in the following calendar month, then the due date for the payment shall be the preceding Banking Day.
8.3 If a Holder is registered with an Account Operator, principal and interest shall be deposited on a designated bank account effected by the CSD on the relevant due date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.
8.4 Should the CSD not be able to effect the payment in accordance with Clause 8.3 due to a delay caused by the Company or due to another obstacle, the CSD will effect such payment to any person who was a Holder on the Record Date as soon as possible after the relevant obstacle has been removed.
8.5 In the event that the Company is not able to effect payment on a due date due to the existence of an obstacle for the CSD referred to in Clause 19.1, it may postpone the payment until the obstacle has been removed.
8.6 If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with this Clause 8 was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their respective obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD was unaware that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive it and provided that the Company and/or the CSD, as applicable, acted with reasonable care.
8.7 If both the principal amount and interest are due and payable and the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall initially cover payment of interest and, secondly, payment of the principal amount.
