LONDON 3718328 (2K)
11.2 No Event of Default will occur under Clauses 11.1.2 - 11.1.3, 11.1.4 (save where the relevant event of insolvency under clause 11.1.4 relates to the Company) or 11.1.5-11.1.8 if collateral in Cash and Cash Equivalents (or other collateral of the Company to the Agent's satisfaction, acting reasonably) is provided (to the satisfaction of the Agent, acting reasonably) in respect of the Company 's proper discharge of its obligations under the Bonds amounting to no less than the aggregate outstanding amount of the Bonds including 3 months' accrued interest. From the date of notification from the Company that the relevant event under Clause 11.1.211.1.8 is no longer continuing, the Agent shall, within three (3) Banking Days, release the said collateral to the Company.
11.3 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 11.1 occurs. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent, the Company shall within five ( 5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Clause 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Clause 11.1 and, at the request of the Agent, provide all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Clause.
11.4 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or otherwise has determined (acting reasonably) that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Agent shall consider, within a maximum of ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders of the availability of the termination right and obtain the Holders opinion hereof according to the provisions in Clause 12 {Holders 'Meeting).
11.5 If the Holders resolve on a Holders' Meeting to terminate the Bonds, or if such termination is demanded by Holders holding Bonds representing at least one half of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the relevant Event of Default according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the declaration of termination, the Agent is not liable to execute it. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the relevant Event of Default has ceased to exist. If the Holders, without prior solicitation from the Agent or the Company, have passed a resolution in accordance with all relevant provisions in Clause 12 (Holders'Meeting) and to the effect that the Bonds shall be terminated in accordance with all relevant provisions of this Clause 11, the Agent shall promptly execute such request accordingly. The Agent is, however, not obliged to take action if the Agent considers (acting reasonably) that an Event of Default is not continuing or the resolution by the Holders has not been validly passed, unless the relevant Holders in writing have undertaken to hold the Agent indemnified and have provided sufficient security for the obligation, at the Agent's sole discretion.
12. HOLDERS' MEETING
12.1 Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a holders' meeting or demand a procedure in writing among the Holders (the "Holders' Meeting"). Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the then total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent and include (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, convene to a Holders' Meeting. However, the Agent is not imposed with such an obligation if, according to the Agent (acing reasonably), (a) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such
LONDON 3718328 (2K)
14
