LONDON 3718328 (2K)
approval, (b) the proposal is conflicting with applicable laws or (c) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' Meeting will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' Meetings.
12.2 Notice shall be sent to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Clause 15 (Notices) below and shall be sent not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) the time of the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) the place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in the case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD, is entitled to vote in the register of the CSD and (v) other relevant information required for a Holder to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is convening, the Agent shall determine the contents of the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in the case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
12.3 A resolution is passed by means of voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Agent of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one (1) vote per SEK one (1) of the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative which represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group company shall not entitle any voting right and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for the Bonds represented at the meeting. In respect of the issues below the following qualified majority is required among the votes cast and the answers received in order for a resolution to be validly passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(a) two thirds when (1) one of the conditions in Clause 10 is waived or (2) a condition in Clauses 10 and 11 is amended, subject to (b) below;
(b) three quarters when (1) the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) any amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount is made and (3) any amendment of the conditions in this Clause 12.3 is made.
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Holders, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
12.4 A quorum exists where (i) Holders representing at least one-fifth of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide replies), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least one-half of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If a quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Clause 15 (Notices). At a continued meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in
LONDON 3718328 (2K)
