12.4 A quorum exists where (i) Holders representing at least one-fifth of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide replies), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least one-half of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If a quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Clause 15 (Notices). At a continued meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in
15
accordance with Clause 12.3 above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
12.5 The Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend the meeting along with their respective representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by an attendee appointed by the Company (or, if such person has not been appointed, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting shall be chaired by such person until present and represented Holders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept with respect to the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote and other persons attending the meeting shall be listed. The minutes shall further reflect the discussions at the meeting, the results of the voting and the resolutions passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In the case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall calculate the votes cast and prepare the minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request for further information and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting rights do not appear in the material provided by the Holder or the CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
12.6 If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate, a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
12.7 A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting, or a procedure in writing, is binding to all Holders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting, or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted.
12.8 The Company shall bear all costs for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing, irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
13. THE AGENT
13.1 The Agent's obligations are exhaustively regulated herein. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
