of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carry ing out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Holders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions.
13.7 The Agent may assume that no Event of Default has occurred, unless it has actual knowledge thereof or has received notice to the contrary.
13.8 In relation to these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may act through its personnel and agents. The Agent may further engage, pay for and rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts. The reasonable and proper costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company, hi acting as Agent for the Holders, the Agent shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments. If information is received by another division or department of the Agent, it may be treated as confidential to that division or department and the Agent may reasonably not be deemed to have received it.
13.9 Without affecting the responsibility of the Company for information supplied by it or on its behalf in connection with these Terms and Conditions, by acquiring a Bond each Holder confirms to the Agent that it has been, and will continue to be, solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions.
13.10
The Agent shall be reimbursed by the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions provided the relevant costs and expenses are reasonable and proper. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Clause 11.5 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions, each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds in relation to the Company without having to observe the provisions in Clauses 11 (Acceleration, o f the Bonds) and Clause 13.5.
14. REPLACEMENT OF AGENT AND ISSUING AGENT
14.1 The Agent may not resign as Agent or transfer its position as Agent, unless the Company has given its prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, save where the Agent is obliged to resign or transfer its position as Agent by operation of law or regulation or where the Company has, in a material way, failed to fulfil its obligations towards the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Agent has made the Company aware thereof in writing. No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions (to the extent that such rights have occurred prior to the date of resignation). The Agent's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall
LONDON 3718328 (2K)
