"Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), reg. no. 516406-0138, SE103 38, Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Maintenance Test" means the ratios specified in Clause 12.4 (Maintenance Test).
"Main Shareholder" means each of Jan Barchan, personal identification no. 460117-3992, and Olof Andersson, personal identification no. 650708-4397, by way of direct or indirect ownership of shares, and their Affiliates.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
5
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment obligations and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB, reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company), less Hybrid Instruments, cash and cash equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the Incurrence Test Date (as applicable), in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for any Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and bookrunner(s) for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o fproceeds).
