"Agent" means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE103 90 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse), for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option Price" means:
(a) one hundred and two point twenty-five (102.25) per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling thirty three (33) months after the First Issue Date;
(b) one hundred and one point one hundred and twenty-five (101.125) per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty three (33) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date; or
(c) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty three (33) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date, provided that such early redemption is financed in full or in part by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s).
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
