(c) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty three (33) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date, provided that such early redemption is financed in full or in part by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than any Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly,
2
more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and:
(a) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, that the Maintenance Test is met as per the last day of the quarter to which the Compliance Certificate refers to, including calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test; or
(b) if provided in connection with the issuance of a Subsequent Bond Issue or a Market Loan or a Restricted Payment being made, which requires that the Incurrence Test is met, that the Incurrence Test is met as per the Incurrence Test Date, including calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test, calculated pro forma including the relevant Financial Indebtedness or Restricted Payment (as applicable).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"De-listing Event" means a situation where (i) the Issuer's ordinary shares are no longer listed and admitted to trading on First North Stockholm, any other recognised unregulated market place or any Regulated Market, (ii) trading of the Issuer's listed ordinary shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days, or (iii) once the Bonds are admitted to trading on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market that the Bonds are no longer listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations (as amended from time to time) of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market, as applicable, and the CSD preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
