21
14. 14.1
there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 15 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 13, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 13 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 15 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 13, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to the applicable Call Option Price for the relevant period (plus accrued but unpaid Interest) or, if the Bonds are accelerated before the First Call Date, at the price set out in item (a) of the Call Option Price (plus accrued but unpaid Interest).
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 13 (Termination o f the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
