of pro rata payments to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD (the number of Bonds to be redeemed from each Bondholder shall be rounded down to the highest number of Bonds held by such Bondholder dividable with the relevant percentage to be redeemed).
(c) Following a voluntary partial redemption in accordance with the terms set out above, the Issuer may not, at any time, issue any Subsequent Bonds.
10.5 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.5(a).
(c) No repurchase of Bonds pursuant to this Clause 10.5 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
10.6 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
