(b) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(d) No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
13
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Initial Bond is SEK 1,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The minimum permissible investment upon issuance of the Bonds (including with respect to any Subsequent Bonds) is SEK 1,000,000.
(e) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met and subject to the restriction set out in Clause 10.5(c) (Voluntary Partial Prepayment), the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The issue price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 800,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 17(e)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 9(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
