15
(c) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in paragraph (a) above have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Trustee (acting reasonably) or waived by the Trustee within thirty (30) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Interest. Any funds distributed by the Trustee to the Bondholders in accordance with the Bank Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer towards the redemption of such Bondholder's Bonds under this paragraph (c). In such case, the redemption date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Transfer Restrictions
(a) Except as set out below, and subject to any restrictions to which a bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable.
(b) Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a bondholder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). Each bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(c) Bondholders understands that the Bonds will be "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (A)(i) to the Issuer, (ii) to a person who the seller reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act purchasing for its own account or for the account or benefit of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, as applicable, of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), (v) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or (vi) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and (B) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any other jurisdiction. No representation can be made as to the availability of the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 for resales of the Bonds.
16
(d) The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
