(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a
price per Bond equal to 101 per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) calendar days following the giving of notice by the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(e) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(e). The repurchase date must fall within twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in paragraph (a) above.
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.6 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
11. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall grant the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Trustee.
(b) The Trustee shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents.
(c) Unless and until the Trustee has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Trustee shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
