present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company.
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
18. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with paragraph (a) above with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 21.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(c) The notice pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) a specification of the Business Day at the end of which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights at the meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
34
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
