Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Trustee may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
21.2 Duties of the Trustee
(a) The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer with its obligations under these Terms and Conditions on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents or received from a Bondholder. The Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions.
(d) The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, provided that such professional parties are selected with due care, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(f) The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee
