"Bonds" means a debt instrument (skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Cash" means, at any time, cash in hand held by the Issuer or with a reputable bank credited to an account in the name of the Issuer and in each case to which the Issuer is beneficially and legally entitled and which is immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of the Bonds or payment of interest (for the avoidance of doubt, not including e.g. any cash subject to a pledge or similar arrangement or any amount standing on client accounts, but including any unused credit facility).
"Colorado Contract" means a Centralized I/M Testing Contract for a term beginning on January 1, 2015 and made between Envirotest Systems Corp. and the State of Colorado, Department of Public Health and Environment.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Delisting Event" means that the shares of the Issuer are delisted from NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.
