"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Group" means the Parent and any other current and future Subsidiaries of the Parent (including the Issuer), and a "Group Company" means the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time (including the Issuer).
"Interest Payment Date" means 19 January, 19 April, 19 July and 19 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June each year, drawn up according to GAAP.
"Internal Loan" means a loan granted by the Issuer to the Parent in an amount of NOK 85 100 million as part of the refinancing of the Group and in accordance with clause 2.3 (Purpose and Utilization) and pursuant to the Internal Loan Agreement.
"Internal Loan Agreement" means the loan agreement between the Issuer as lender and the Parent as borrower setting out the conditions for the Internal Loan, to be in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and stipulating, inter alia, (i) that the Internal Loan shall be repaid immediately and in full upon acceleration of the Bonds following an event of default under the Bond Agreement and (ii) bear interest at a rate of 3 months NIBOR plus 5.50 % p.a., with quarterly interest payments which may be accumulated to the principal.
"Internal Loan Assignment" means a first priority assignment in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) of the Internal Loan.
"Intra-group Loans" means any and all existing loans within the Group where the Issuer is the borrower.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
