Status of the Bonds
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The nominal amount of each Bond is EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 30,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 percent, of the Nominal Amount.
8
(d) The minimum permissible investment upon issuance of the Bonds is EUR 100, 000.
(e) Provided that (i) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and (ii) the Incurrence Test is met, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply also to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and the Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 45,000,000.
(f) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(g) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(h) Other than the registration of the Bonds under Swedish law, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
