"Advance Purchase Agreements" means an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 days after the date of supply.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Swedish Trustee AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered on a Securities Account as a holder of a Bond (as nominee or beneficial owner).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 15 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments (skuldförbindelser) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which banks are open for general business in Stockholm, Sweden (other than over the Internet only).
1
"Cash" means, at any time, (i) cash in hand held by the Issuer or with a reputable bank credited to an account in the name of the Issuer and in each case to which the Issuer is beneficially and legally entitled and which is immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of the Bonds or payment of interest (for the avoidance of doubt, not including e.g. any cash subject to a pledge or similar arrangement (excluding legal right to set-off) or any amount standing on client accounts), and (ii) short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value of the Group.
