9
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting under Clause 15 (Bondholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the Bondholders under Clause 16 (Written Procedure), the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
5. Right to Act as a Bondholder
(a) In respect of Bonds registered in the name of an authorised nominee (forvaltare) in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act or otherwise registered in the name of a nominee as holder, the nominee shall be deemed to be the Bondholder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions. If the beneficial owner (agaren) of any Bonds registered in the name of a nominee wishes to exercise any rights under these Terms and Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney starting with the Bondholder and authorising the beneficial owner or provide other evidence of ownership satisfactory to the Agent.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
6. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on a Securities Account on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date.
(b) If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the relevant Bondholder being registered as such on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
(c) If payment or repayment is effectuated in accordance with this Clause 6, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
