(k) All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(m) Minutes from a Bondholders' Meeting and the result of a Written Procedure shall, promptly after the minutes have been finalised, be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent (being Stamdata, for as long as Swedish Trustee AB (publ) is the Agent), provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved.
15. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with paragraph (a) above with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to paragraph (c) of Clause 18.4 (Replacement of the Agent), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
W/3137283/vl
22
(c) The notice pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
