Status of the Loan and security
8.2 Any cash distribution made by the Borrower to any of its subsidiaries during the term of the Loan shall be made in the form of a shareholder contribution. The Loan shall be secured by a first priority pledge in the bank account into which the repayment of any and all shareholder contribution will be made, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to the Loan amount plus interest and expenses.
If the Borrower obtains an ownership of 100 % in the Subsidiary, the Loan shall be secured by a guarantee from the Subsidiary, in form of an unconditional stand by guarantee (i.e. a guarantee whereby the obligation becomes due upon the default of the principal debtor "selvskyldnerkausjon") related to the Borrower's obligations according to the Loan Agreement, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), for an amount equal to the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses). The Loan trustee may require a legal opinion for the Guarantee.
Until the Guarantee is established, the Loan shall be secured by a share pledge or charge over all the Borrowers rights and obligations in relation to its shares in the Subsidiary, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), for an amount equal to the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses). Such share pledge or charge shall have equal priority with other secured debt in the same rights and obligations in relation to the shares in the Subsidiary, up to an amount of USD 60,000,000 (i.e. the aggregate secured amount may be up to USD 120,000,000). The share pledge or charge shall be released upon establishment of the Guarantee, provided that all other secured debt in the rights and obligations in relation to its shares in the Subsidiary is released.
9
Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 9.00 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made quarterly on 28 February, 30 May, 30 August and 30 November each year, the first interest Payment Date being 30 August 2007.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:
(a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
