Conversion is effected by the Shares being recorded as interim shares in the share register of the Company kept by the VPC (the date on which such event occurs in respect of a Bond is a "Conversion Date" in respect of such Bond). Once registration has taken place at the Swedish Companies Registration Office, the registration in the share accounts will become
Interest accrued since the latest interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall not be paid in cash to the Bondholders, but shall accrue to the Borrower unless the Conversion Date falls on the Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date, then interest due shall be paid to the relevant Bondholder. However, if a Bondholder exercises the Conversion Right after notification of exercise of the Call Option (as set out in Clause 10.2 third paragraph), interest accrued since the latest interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall be paid in cash to the Bondholder.
13.5 The Borrower is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) the share capital increase is registered in the company register as soon as possible as set out in Clause 13.4,
(b) the Remaining Loan is being written down within the Conversion Date, and
(c) Shares issued upon Conversion are registered as set out in Clause 13.4.
14 Adjustment of the Conversion Price
14.1 The follow ing shall apply with respect to the rights o fBondholders in the situations described below. Immediately after such recalculation the Conversion Agent shall send a notice regarding the recalculated amount to the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
A. If the Borrower effects a bonus issue of shares, Conversion requested on a date that does not permit it to be effected prior to or on the tenth calendar day preceding the General Meeting of Shareholders held to approve the issue will not be effected until after the Meeting has approved the issue. Shares issued upon Conversions effected following approval of the bonus issue shall be entered in the account on an interim basis and shall not be entitled to participate in the issue. Final registration of such shares in the securities account takes place after the record date for the bonus issue.
