Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
In the event that shareholders have not received purchase rights or else such trading in purchase rights as referred to in the preceding paragraph has not taken place, the adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be calculated by applying as far as possible the principles set forth above in sub-section E herein, whereby the following shall apply. If there is a market listing of the securities or rights offered to shareholders, the value of the right to participate in the offer shall be considered to correspond to the average of the prices paid for such a security or right on each trading day for a period of twenty-five (25) trading days from and including the first day for listing calculated as the mean of the highest and lowest paid prices recorded for transactions in these securities or rights on the Market Place, less any consideration that is paid for these in conjunction with the offer. In the absence of a quotation of a paid price, the last bid price quoted shall be included in the calculation. If neither a paid price nor a bid price is quoted on a given day, that day shall be excluded from the calculation of the value of the purchase rights. When calculating the adjustment of the Conversion Price in accordance with this paragraph, the said period of twenty-five (25) trading days shall be deemed to correspond to the application period specified in the offer referred to in the first paragraph in this sub-section E above.
Should such listing not take place, the value of the right to participate in the offer shall be determined as far as possible on the basis of the change in the market price of the Borrower's shares that can be considered to have arisen as a consequence of the offer.
The Conversion Price adjusted in the manner described above shall be set by the Bank at the earliest opportunity after it has been possible to calculate the value of the right to participate in the offer, and shall be applied in Conversions effected after the adjusted price has been set.
In connection with Conversions effected during the period until the adjusted Conversion Price has been set, the rules stated in sub-section C, last paragraph above, shall apply correspondingly.
F. If it is decided to pay a cash dividend to shareholders, an adjusted Conversion Price shall be applied, for Conversions requested at such a time such that Shares thereby received do not carry rights to the receipt of such dividend. The adjustment shall be made by the Conversion Agent in accordance with the following formula:
18
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
adjusted Conversion Price =
