the actual amount repaid for each redeemed Share reduced by the average market price of the Shares during a period of 25 trading days immediately prior to the day on which the Shares were quoted without rights to participate in the reduction (average share price)
The average share price shall be calculated as stated in sub-section C above.
The adjusted Conversion Price calculated and described above shall be set by the Conversion Agent two (2) Business Days following the expiry of the stated period of twenty-five (25) trading days and shall be applied in connection with Conversions effected thereafter.
In connection with a Conversion effected during the period until the adjusted Conversion Price is set, the rules stated in sub-section C, last paragraph, shall apply correspondingly.
If the Borrower's share capital should be reduced through a redemption of Shares with repayment to the shareholders, and the reduction is not compulsory, but, where, in the Loan Trustee's opinion, in view of its technical structure and financial effects, the reduction is equivalent to a reduction which is compulsory, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by applying, to the greatest extent possible, the rules stated in this sub section G.
H. If it is decided that the Borrower shall acquire its own Shares in accordance with Chapter 19, Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act, where the acquisition, in the Loan Trustee's opinion, in view of its technical structure and financial effects, is equivalent to a compulsory reduction of the Company's share capital, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by applying, to the greatest extent possible, the rules stated in sub-section G above.
I. If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned in sub-sections A through H above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the shareholders, the Loan Trustee and the Borrower shall agree on a new Conversion Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders. The principles expressed in sub-sections A through H above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this sub-section I.
J. In adjusting the Conversion Price as described above, the price shall be rounded to four (4) decimals.
K. If it is decided that the Borrower is to enter into liquidation, pursuant to Chapter 25 of the Swedish Companies Act, Conversion may not be requested thereafter, regardless of the grounds for liquidation. The right to request Conversion ceases simultaneously with the decision to liquidate, notwithstanding the fact that the decision may not have
