13.7 Par value If the Conversion Price is below par value of the Shares, par value of the shares still applies, and the Issuer shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders the difference between the par value of the Shares and the Conversion Price.
14.1 Redemption If the Issuer prior to the expiry of the Conversion Period decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Issuer is the acquired company, each Bondholder has the right to demand the Bonds to be redeemed at par plus accrued interest.
The Issuer shall give the Bondholders written notification through the CSD at the latest five (5) Business Days after notification of the merger. The notification shall refer to the regulations and deadlines of Clause 14.2.
14.2 Notice Request for redemption takes place by the Bondholder notifying its Account Manager at the latest two (2) months after notification of the merger. The Bondholder's Account Manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent.
Redemption shall take place five (5) Business Days after the acquiring company has notified that the merger shall be effective.
14.3 Transfer of the conversion right If a Bondholder does not use the right to request redemption according to Clause 14.2, the conversion right shall be transferred to a right to convert to shares in the acquiring company on terms that are adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio of the merger.
14.4 Adjustment of Conversion Price If the Issuer decides on a merger in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to Clause 13.
14.5 De-merger In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off, split-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall agree on appropriate adjustments to the Conversion Right and the Conversion Price, which shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause 13.
14.6 Creditors The provisions in this Clause 14 have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection to the merger or de-merger.
