13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General and financial undertakings).
13.2 Mergers and de-mergers (a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, carry out any Transaction involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of the Issuer or any Group Company with any other person other than with a Group Company (and in any event the Issuer shall be the surviving entity of such Transaction between the Issuer and a Group Company), save for a Transaction between the Issuer and a Newco upon which such Newco shall be the surviving entity for the sole purpose of establishing a group with a pure holding company above the Issuer. The Issuer's obligations under these Bond Terms and the other Finance Documents will be assumed by the relevant Newco as a legal consequence of such Transaction, together with all other assets, rights and obligations of the Issuer. Such Transaction shall in any event be completed in accordance with such terms and procedures as agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, no Transaction shall be completed if it would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of the Issuer or such Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3 Continuation of business The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, cease to carry on its business, if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Nature of business The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the date hereof, or as contemplated by these Bond Terms.
L 9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148
27/46
13.5 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.
13.6 Operations
