The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.
The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. This shall, for the avoidance o f doubt, also apply to a situation where the Bond Trustee has received a demand in writing from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Bonds as set out in Clause 16.3.
18.1.3
Except as provided for in Clause 18.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
18.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 18.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause
31
Norsk Tillifsmann ASA
18.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
18.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 18.1.3 or 18.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 17.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
