Should the Issuer redeem the Existing Capital Base Instruments, and provided that such Existing Capital Base Instruments are not (no later than simultaneously) replaced with capital base instruments of equal or higher quality, the Interest Rate of the Notes shall be increased by 3 per cent per annum.
NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING OR PROCEDURE IN WRITING
13.1 Each of the Issuer or the Agent can at any time call for a Noteholders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Noteholders.
13.2 Notice shall be made to the Noteholders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Issuer in accordance with Condition 18 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Business Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Business Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Noteholder shall be registered as owner, and if such possibility is provided by the CSD, is entitled to vote in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Noteholder in order to attend the meeting. The Issuer or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
8(14)
13.3 Provided that the required quorum exists, a resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Noteholder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Note (each at a Nominal Amount of SEK 1,000,000) such Noteholder holds. A Noteholder that holds more than one Note must vote in the same manner for all Notes held. However, a representative who represents different Noteholders may vote differently for different Noteholders. Notes held by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall not entitle to any voting rights and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(a) The resolution of the Noteholders shall be the opinion which represents more than 50 per cent of the votes cast or answers received ("Majority").
(b) The following actions require at least 75 per cent of the votes cast or answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"): (i) reduction of the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which is payable by the Issuer in respect of Notes, (ii) for postponing any Redemption Date, or (iii) for amendment of the conditions in this Condition 13.3.
13.4 If the number of votes is equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Noteholders, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
