(b) The following actions require at least 75 per cent of the votes cast or answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"): (i) reduction of the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which is payable by the Issuer in respect of Notes, (ii) for postponing any Redemption Date, or (iii) for amendment of the conditions in this Condition 13.3.
13.5 Otherwise than following a Capital Event and in relation to a decision to amend the Terms and Conditions so that the Notes will be Qualifying Tier 2 Notes, a quorum exists only where Noteholders representing at least one fourth of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount are duly represented at the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the scheduled starting of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to a day which falls not earlier than ten (10) Business Days and not later than thirty (30) Business Days after the date of delivery of a new notice (fulfilling the requirements set out in Condition 13.2) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 below. If the meeting is quorate for some but not all issues which are to be resolved upon at the meeting, the meeting shall be adjourned after resolutions have been adopted on matters for which the meeting was quorate. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through a Majority (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) of Noteholders entitled to vote irrespective of the number of Notes represented.
13.6 At the meeting the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by the Agent or by a person appointed by the Agent and the meeting is led by that person until Noteholders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Noteholders entitled to vote shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that have been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verily the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and draw up minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers from respondents where
9(14)
it is not clear from the material provided by the Noteholder or CSD that the respondent is entitled to vote for the relevant number of Notes. The Issuer shall have access to the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Noteholders at the Issuer and the Agent.
13.7 If the Issuer and the Agent deem it appropriate a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Noteholders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
13.8 A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened meeting or a procedure in writing is binding to all Noteholders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
13.9 The Issuer shall bear all costs of the Issuer and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
14
