13.9 The Issuer shall bear all costs of the Issuer and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
THE AGENT
14.1 Each Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as agent for and on behalf of the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions, and the Agent's obligations are exhaustively regulated herein. The Agent has no obligation to monitor the Issuer's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
14.2 The Agent shall not be bound to account to any Noteholder for any sum received by it for its own account.
14.3 The Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
14.4 Even without a separate authorization from the Noteholders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is authorised to represent the Noteholders against the Issuer in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Notes, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Notes). Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request of the Agent. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Noteholders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions.
14.5 The Agent may rely on any representation, notice or document believed by it to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorized and any statement made by a director, authorized signatory or employee of any person regarding any matters which may reasonably be assumed to be within his knowledge or within his power to verily.
14.6 In relation to these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may act through its personnel and agents. The Agent may further engage, pay for and rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts. The reasonable, evidenced and proper costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Issuer. In acting as Agent for the Noteholders, the Agent shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments. If information is received by
10(14)
