14.6 In relation to these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may act through its personnel and agents. The Agent may further engage, pay for and rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts. The reasonable, evidenced and proper costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Issuer. In acting as Agent for the Noteholders, the Agent shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments. If information is received by
another division or department of the Agent, it may be treated as confidential to that division or department and the Agent may reasonably not be deemed to have received it. 14.7 The Agent can be replaced as set out in this Condition 14.7: (a) The Agent may retire from its assignment by giving notice to the Issuer and the
Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a leading Swedish or international business bank or securities institution or a reputable provider of fiduciary services (each an "Acceptable Replacement Agent") to accede as new Agent at the same time as the present Agent retires. Noteholders may, by notice if representing more than 50 per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, or if constituting a Majority in accordance with Condition 13 at a meeting or in a procedure in writing, require the Agent to resign. (b) If the Noteholders have not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) days after the Agent has given the Issuer and the Noteholders notice of its resignation or been required to resign, the Agent has the right to appoint an Acceptable Replacement Agent as a new Agent. (c) If the Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Noteholders shall immediately appoint a new Agent. (d) No resignation by the Agent shall take effect until a new Agent has been appointed and all necessary documentation to replace the Agent has been duly executed. (e) When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. (f) The Agent's successor, the Issuer and the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent. 14.8 The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Issuer for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Issuer is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Noteholders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent notifies the Noteholders that it will not take further actions each Noteholder may independently represent its holding of Notes against the Issuer without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 13 and 14.
11(14)
15
THE ISSUING AGENT
15.1 The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.
15.2 The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
16
