"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 101 per cent, of the outstanding Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; plus
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of all remaining scheduled interest payments on the Notes until the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date
3 K r-'
will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given) (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date),
each calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Notes until the First Call Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means an event where any person (other than Dorco International B. V.) or group of persons acting in concert (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and has the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Issuer, or (ii) has the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
