22.2.2 22.2.3 22.2.4 22.2.5 22.2.6 22.2.7
Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the content, the valid execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent in not in any way acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Noteholders.
The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default; (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents; or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 17 (Distribution of proceeds).
The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
