4.4 The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions above have been satisfied.
4.6 The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to this Clause 4 is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.
5. Notes in book-entry form
5.1 The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.
5.2 Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
5.3 The Issuer and the Agent shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent. For the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.
5.4 The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.
5.5 The Issuer and the Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 5.3 and 5.4 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
6. Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder
