5.5 The Issuer and the Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 5.3 and 5.4 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
6.1 If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.
7
6.2 A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.
6.3 The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6.2 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to the contrary.
7. Payments in respect of the Notes
7.1 Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Notes, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
7.2 If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
7.3 If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8.4 during such postponement.
