8.4 If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) percentage units higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes
9.1 Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
9.2 Purchase of Notes by the Group Companies
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. Notes held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled by the Issuer.
9.3 Voluntary total redemption (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full from and including the date falling one year after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equivalent to 101.5 per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with paragraph (a) above shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
