"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Intertrust CN (Sweden) AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556625-5476, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means an event where;
(a) any person or group of persons acting in concert, (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and have the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Issuer, or (ii) have the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer; or
(b) the shares of the Issuer ceases to be listed on a Regulated Market or any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
For the purpose of this definition, "acting in concert" means, a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively cooperate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
