9
(b) Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(c) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5 (a) and 9.5(b) above.
(d) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
(e) Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
(f) The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
10. Transaction Security
10.1 As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
10.2 The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. The Agent shall, on behalf of the Secured Parties, keep all certificates and other documents that are bearers of rights relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody.
