13.7 Cessation of business
13
14. Acceleration of the Notes
14.1 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, and for as long as such event is continuing, the Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 14.5, on behalf of the Noteholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
14.2 The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 14.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
14.3 The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
14.4 The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
14.5 If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
14.6 If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
