(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Notes (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents, including any default interest in accordance with Clause 8.4 on delayed payments of Interest and repayments of principal under the Notes.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
15.2 If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 15.1(a), such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 15.1(a).
15.3 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Notes or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 15 as soon as reasonably practicable.
15.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 15, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7.1 shall apply.
16. Decisions by Noteholders
16.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
16.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) for
