Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders'Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to each person registered as a Noteholder on the date referred to in Clause 16.6 (a) or (b), as the case may be, and also be published on the website of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders'Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
17.1 The Agent shall convene a Noteholders'Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons), by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.
17.2 The notice pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
17.3 The Noteholders'Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
17.4 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders'Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
18
18. Written Procedure
18.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
18.2 A communication pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business Days from the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 18.1). If the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
