"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest Payment Date" means 18 April each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 18 April 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3 months STIBOR plus 9 per cent, per annum.
"Issue Date" means 18 April 2016.
"Issuer" means Prime Living AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556715-7929, having its registered address at Box 5317, 102 47 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier AB, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"Listing Failure Event" means (i) that the Notes are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within sixty (60) days following the Issue Date, or (ii) in the case of a successful admission, that a period of sixty (60) days has elapsed since the Notes ceased to be listed on a Regulated Market.
"Market Loan" means any new loan or other indebtedness incurred after the Issue Date where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
