4.2 The Company shall ensure that the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement is duly executed by the Company in favour of the Holders (as represented by the Bond Trustee) and the Bond
4.3 The Bond Trustee will hold the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement.
4.4 Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Section 18 (Holders'meeting and procedure in writing), the Bond Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Company, its Subsidiaries or third parties if it is, in the Bond Trustee's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, releasing or enforcing the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, respectively.
4.5 If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Section 16 (Acceleration of the Bonds), the Bond Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, in such manner and under such conditions that the Bond Trustee finds acceptable (if in accordance with the terms of the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement).
4.6 If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, the Bond Trustee is obliged to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Bond Trustee shall not enforce any of the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 18, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
4.7 Funds originating from an enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement shall be distributed in proportion to each Holder's investment in the Bonds. Funds that the Bond Trustee receives on account of the Holders in connection with the enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate
account on behalf of the Holders. The Bond Trustee shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. If the Bond Trustee deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Section 4.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
4.8 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, the Company irrevocably authorises and empowers the Bond Trustee to act in the name of the Company, and on behalf of the Company, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Section 4.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Section 4.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Company shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Section 4.7. Especially, the Company shall, upon the Bond Trustee's request, provide the Bond Trustee with a written power of attorney empowering the Bond Trustee to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Bond Trustee and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Section 4.7 to the Holders through the CSD.
5 The Bonds and transferability
