4.8 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, the Company irrevocably authorises and empowers the Bond Trustee to act in the name of the Company, and on behalf of the Company, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Section 4.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Section 4.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Company shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Section 4.7. Especially, the Company shall, upon the Bond Trustee's request, provide the Bond Trustee with a written power of attorney empowering the Bond Trustee to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Bond Trustee and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Section 4.7 to the Holders through the CSD.
5.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
5.2 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
5.3 Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
5.4 Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
5.5 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "US Securities Act") and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
5.6 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In the application form each person applying for the Bonds must confirm whether it is a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and if it is a U.S. person it must confirm, inter alia, that it is a QIB.
5.7 Holders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Holder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
5.8 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.
