The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at 100.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount on the Final Redemption Date.
9.1 The Company may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds on any Early Redemption Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Section 23. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the redemption date and the relevant Record Date.
9.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed at the relevant Early Redemption Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest in accordance with Section 10 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Early Redemption Date.
10 Interest
10.1 The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from but excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant redemption date. Bonds issued pursuant to a Subsequent Bond Issue will, however, bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from but excluding the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance up to and including the relevant redemption date. The interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated on an actual/360days basis.
10.2 If the Interest Rate for an Interest Period cannot be calculated due to an obstacle set forth in Section 25.1 or other similar circumstance, the Interest Rate for the preceding Interest Period shall be applied. As soon as the obstacle has ceased, the Interest Rate shall be determined for the current Interest Period and applied from the second Banking Day after the day for determination up to and including the next Interest Payment Date.
11 Default interest
11.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due under these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at an annual rate corresponding to the Interest Rate plus 2.00 percentage points, from but excluding the date such payment was due, up to and including the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised.
11.2 If the delay is due to an obstacle for the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent respectively as set out in Section 25.1 the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
