(b) duly executed release notice(s) from the lender(s) under the Bridge Loan confirming that all Existing Security will be released upon repayment of the Bridge Loan;
(d) duly executed copies of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercompany Loans and the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, as well as evidence that the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement has been perfected.
14.2 When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set forth in Section 14.1 have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably), the Bond Trustee shall instruct the Bank to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account for the purpose of repayment in full of the Bridge Loan in accordance with Section 2.5. In relation to the repayment of the Bridge Loan, the funds shall be converted into EUR in connection with that such repayment is made. The Bond Trustee shall instruct the Bank to transfer any residual funds from the Escrow Account, after the repayment of the Bridge Loan, to the bank account specified by the Company.
14.3 When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled, the Bond Trustee shall terminate the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
14.4 The Bond Trustee may assume that the documents presented under Section 14.1 are correct, and the Bond Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such documents.
15 Change of Control
15.1 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Holder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 10 from but excluding the Issue Date or the preceding Interest Payment Date, as applicable, up to and including the relevant settlement date of the Put Option (the "Put Option Redemption Amount").
15.2 The Company shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Holders of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event as soon as possible after the Company has become aware of the Change of Control Event. The Put Option must be exercised by the Holders, by giving the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent written notice in accordance with Section 23, within 60 calendar days
after the Company has given such notification to the Bond Trustee and the Holders (the "Exercise Period"). Bonds held by a Holder who has exercised the Put Option shall be blocked from transactions by way of transferring the Bonds to the Issuing Agent (to an account specified by the Issuing Agent in a notice given to the Holders).
