(b) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Bond Trustee.
relation to the Company or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Company in respect of any of the liabilities of the Company whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
(d) Notwithstanding Section 17.1 (c) and without having to observe the provisions in Section 16 and 17.1, the Holders may jointly (i) take actions to enforce their rights under these Terms and Conditions against the Company if the Bond Trustee does not have legal standing (Sw. taleratt) to bring an action or initiate a procedure under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions before any courts or other authorities and if the Bond Trustee has not been granted a power of attorney to do so, (ii) take any actions which the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking if the Bond Trustee has been instructed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take such actions and the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking the actions within a reasonable time in breach of these Terms and Conditions, and (iii) represent their own holdings of Bonds against the Company if the Bond Trustee has notified the Holders that it will not take further actions in accordance with Section 17.4 ((i), (ii) and (iii) are together and individually referred to as a "Relevant Action"). However, any Relevant Action may only be taken after a Holders' meeting has decided to take such action. The Holders' meeting shall be convened in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. A Holders' meeting pursuant to this Section 17.1 (d) can however be convened by the Bond Trustee (or by a Holder in accordance with Section 18 (k)) irrespective of whether the requesting Holders represents 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount or not. Further, a resolution at a Holders' meeting in accordance with this Section 17.1 (d) may be passed with simple majority.
17.2 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Company of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 18 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions and, on behalf of the Company, manage administrative tasks in relation to the entering into of new Interest Periods. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is expressly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
(b) In its capacity as security trustee, the Bond Trustee shall hold and, if applicable, enforce any security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement on behalf of the Holders and shall monitor the compliance by the Company and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under these Terms and Conditions and/or the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement with respect to the security interests
created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
(c) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of one or more Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until a resolution has been passed on the matter at a Holders'meeting.
(d) The Bond Trustee may act as agent and/or security trustee for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate the exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
