(c) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within 30 days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. Until the resigning Issuing Agent has been replaced by the new Issuing Agent, the resigning Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Bond Trustee and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
(e) The Company may also appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent, if the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent materially fails to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement and/or the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement and does not remedy such failure within a reasonable time after the Company has made the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent aware thereof. If a new Bond Trustee is appointed, the Company may recover all costs and expenses incurred, and remuneration and fees payable, by the Company in relation to the new Bond Trustee under Section 17.2 (f), 17.4 and 19 from the replaced Bond Trustee, provided that such costs, expenses, remuneration and fees exceed the costs, expenses, remuneration and fees that would have been incurred and payable if the Bond Trustee had not been replaced.
(f) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent have resigned or been replaced in accordance with Section 17.3 (a)-(e), the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent shall deliver all documents and provide all information to the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent that are necessary for them to perform their obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement.
17.4 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee is, according to the Agent Agreement, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement. If the Bond Trustee, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent and not be able to reimburse the Bond Trustee for its costs and expenses, the Bond Trustee is entitled to reserve
reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Section 16.8 and 16.9 without first having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
18 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and be notified in accordance with Section 23, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Bond Trustee shall, within 10 Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Company shall assist the Bond Trustee and take any measures that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are required to convene the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee is not required to convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 23 not later than 10 Banking Days and not earlier than 15 Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. Further, the notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content of each proposal (if any). The Bond Trustee shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a resolution form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to OMX for publication.
