(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and be notified in accordance with Section 23, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Bond Trustee shall, within 10 Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Company shall assist the Bond Trustee and take any measures that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are required to convene the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee is not required to convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
(c) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). The Bond Trustee shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing).
(d) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 18 (b) may be resolved upon by the Holders'meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 1,000,000 held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group Company shall not carry any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be in accordance with the opinion held by the majority of the Nominal Amount of the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the below issues, the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted or, as applicable, the answers received for a resolution to be passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds (2/3) to (1) waive a breach of a special undertaking in Section 13, and (2) amend a provision in these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement or the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters (3/4) to (1) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company, (2) amend any redemption day for principal or interest amount, (3) release the security created under the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement (in full or in part), and (4) amend the provisions in this Section 18 (d).
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee), will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by any Group Company shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within 15 minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the reply period), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended period for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 23. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with Section 18 (d), through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(f) At the meeting, the Company, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Bond Trustee may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Company and the Company's auditors may attend the meeting. The meeting may
decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
