(f) At the meeting, the Company, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Bond Trustee may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Company and the Company's auditors may attend the meeting. The meeting may
(g) The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Bond Trustee) and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman of the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall prepare a list of the Holders and representatives/proxies present and entitled to vote (the "Voting List"). The list shall include information on the Nominal Amount that each Holder (or, as the case may be, representatives/proxies) represents. The chairman shall further arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting. The minutes shall include the Voting List (which shall be approved by the Holders' meeting), any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed by the meeting to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee shall provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation of votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee may request supplements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Bond Trustee shall disregard any answers that deviate from the listed alternatives or from an alleged Holder whose voting right is not apparent from the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may be represented at the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Bond Trustee.
(h) If the Company and the Bond Trustee deem it appropriate, a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers through a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
(i) If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Bond Trustee at the address set out by the Bond Trustee in the notice which shall be sent to the Holders according to Section 18 (b). For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that deviate from listed alternatives (in a resolution form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section 18 (g).
(j) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution being or not being passed at the Holders' meeting.
(k) If the Bond Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' meeting within 10 Banking Days after having received such request, the requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with
necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person referred to in Section 18 (g) exists, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting Holder.
(l) For the purpose of this Section 18, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 24 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee (i) certifying that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders'meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 24 and this Section 18 (l).
(m) The Company shall bear all its and the Bond Trustee's costs in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective o f who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf o f the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.
