"Relevant Disposal" means when the Issuer or a Shipowning Subsidiary sells, transfers, assigns, or otherwise disposes of, or in any way ceases to exercise direct or indirect control over (i) any of the Vessels; and (ii) the shares in any Shipowning Subsidiary, or in either case agree to do the same, whether by one transaction or separate transactions and whether at any one time or over a period of time, to any person, however not including a transaction which is effected solely between companies in the Group.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
#3916154/2
9 (52)
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2. "Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests. "Security Interests" means: (a) the Vessel Mortgages; (b) the Escrow Account Pledge; (c) the Guarantees; (d) the Assignment of Insurances; (e) the Guarantor Share Pledges; (f) the Designated Shipowning Subsidiaries Share Pledges; (g) the Earnings Account Pledges; (h) the Debt Service Retention Account Pledge; (i) the Issuer Floating Charge; (j) the Designated Shipowning Subsidiaries Floating Charges; and (k) the Additional Security (as defined in Clause 13.4(a)). "Shipowning Subsidiaries" means the ship owning subsidiaries as listed in Schedule 3 (The Existing Vessels) (each a "Shipowning Subsidiary"), all being 100% owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer. "Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence. "Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of a Vessel. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America. "Vessel Mortgage" means a first priority ship mortgage over any of the Vessels (and where local law requires a statutory vessel mortgage, a deed of covenants collateral to the Vessel mortgage and to the security thereby created between the Shipowning Subsidiaries and the Bond Trustee). "Vessels" means the Existing Vessels and any Newbuildings, Second Hands Vessels and Replacement Vessels (as defined in Clause 10.5.1). "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
# 3916154/2
1 0 (52)
