18/63
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"RCF" means one or more revolving credit facilities to be provided to the Issuer or any other Group Company with an aggregate maximum commitment of NOK 75,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency) for the purpose of financing general corporate and working capital purposes of the Group. The RCF may consist of one or several facilities (including any ancillary facilities) from one or more lenders, which shall rank pari passu between each other.
"RCF Creditors" shall mean the finance parties under the RCF Finance Documents (including lease providers).
"RCF Finance Documents" means the agreement(s) for the RCF and any ancillary overdraft facility, leasing facility or guarantee, bonding letter of credit facility, derivatives facility or any other form of ancillary facility or any other document entered into in relation thereto.
"Reference Rate" means (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
