security/collateral, or (d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance
20.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if it is not a Bondholder or proxy. Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to this Loan Agreement shall be attached to this Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
21.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
22 Change of Loan Trustee
22.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 20.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter. The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The Bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals. The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
24
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
22.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as loan trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the Bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 17.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under this Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
