(c) any other rules or regulations in relation to the solvency and/or capital requirement of insurance companies which are applicable in Sweden.
"Available Distribution Funds" means the amount which, under the laws of Sweden from time to time in force, is available as at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year according to the audited balance sheet o f the Issuer for such fiscal year (Sw. fritt eget kapital).
"Bankruptcy Event" means (i) a decision by a Swedish court that the Issuer shall become subject to bankruptcy proceedings (Sw. konkurs), or (ii) a decision by a Swedish court, the Swedish Companies Registration Office, or the shareholders) of the Issuer, that the Issuer shall be liquidated (Sw. likviderat).
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Capital Disqualification Event" means an event which occurs if, as a result of any replacement of or change to (or change to the interpretation by any court or authority entitled to do so of) the Applicable Regulation which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (including the implementation of Solvency II), the Notes or part o f the Notes are no longer eligible in accordance with the Applicable Regulations to count as cover for the capital or solvency requirements (however such terms are described from time to time in the Applicable Regulations) for the Issuer whether on a single or consolidated basis (in each case also taking into account any transitional provisions (Sw. övergångsbestämmelser)), except where in the case such non-qualification is only a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital.
"Capital Requirement Breach" means a breach of the applicable capital requirements or solvency requirements from time to time (however such requirements are defined) under the Applicable Regulations.
"Compulsory Interest Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date, other than a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, where a decision or payment o f any distribution or dividend or other payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect o f any Junior Obligations has been made by the Issuer during the six months immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date.
"Converted Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1.
