(l) a decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged and/or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver o f the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors). Such consent shall only be given if an accountant, engaged in accordance with Section 18.4, has assured that the merger or demerger, as applicable, will not adversely affect the Holders' interest.
11.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Sections 11.1 (a), (b), (c) or (d) or, regarding any o f the Companies Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Sections 11.1 (i), (j), (k) and (l) may however only occur if the nature o f the particular circumstance is such that it could adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time o f the Agent's declaration.
11.4 Termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned in 11.1 (e), (f), (g) and (h) may however only occur if the Holders have decided to terminate the Bonds in accordance with the provisions in Section 12.
11.5 If the right to termination is based upon a decision o f a court o f law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period o f appeal has expired in order for cause o f termination to be deemed to exist.
11.6 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance o f the type specified in Section 11.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Section 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be o f significance in the application o f this Section 11.
11.7 The Company is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Section 11.6 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX.
11.8 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 11.1, the Agent shall decide,
12
within ten (10) Banking Days of the day o f notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds or if ground for termination according to Section 11.1 (e) is at hand, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 12. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the A gent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 12, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the A gent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
