12
12 The A gent's rig h t to represent the H olders, H o ld er's m eeting etc.
12.1 G eneral
Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement o f the Bonds). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose o f carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent.
The Company shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in connection with any procedures relating to Section 12.
12.2 H olders' m eeting and procedure in w riting
(a) Each of the Company, the Agent and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation o f the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. A Holders' meeting can however only be held at the request o f any Holders four (4) times each year if the issues that shall be decided upon at the meeting are not related to acceleration o f the Bonds according to Section 11. If the Agent establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Agent must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Agent determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent
13
that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view o f previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing. Furthermore, the Agent must not convene a Holders' meeting if the meeting would be held at the request of any Holders and if there has been four (4) Holders' meeting during the relevant year at the request o f any Holders and the issues that shall be decided at the requested meeting are not related to acceleration of the Bonds.
