14
(e) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman o f the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting which shall include a list of all Holders that were entitled to vote, any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed by the meeting to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation o f votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Agent shall disregard any answers that do not follow listed alternatives or where voting right does not appear in the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may be represented at the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(f) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
(g) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective o f whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted.
(h) The Company shall bear all costs for the Company and the Agent in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing.
12.3 R eplacem ent of A gent and Issuing Agent
The Agent may not resign as agent or transfer its position as agent, unless the Company has given its prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, save where the Agent is
15
obliged to resign or transfer its position as agent by operation o f law or regulation or where the Company has, in a not immaterial way, failed to fulfil its obligations towards the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Agent has made the Company aware thereof. No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement o f the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
