13.1 The Agent may, on account o f the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms and Conditions as long as such amendment does not limit the obligation of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, to the Agents discretion, may materially adversely affect the interests o f the Holders or that such amendment is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions. Subject to decisions of the Holders in accordance with Section 12, the Agent may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments.
13.3 Amendments o f these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Section 16, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
14 Prescription
14.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Final Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be limited and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment have been limited and void.
14.2 If such term o f limitation periods are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period o f ten (10) years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and o f three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period as such date is determined pursuant with the provisions o f the Swedish Act on Limitations.
15 Allocation of payments
If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment of the Nominal Amount.
16 Notices
16.1 Notices from the Company or the Agent shall be given in English to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD.
