18.1 For the avoidance o f any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach o f any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
19 L im itation of liability etc.
19.1 The Company, the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation o f liability in the case o f a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict.
19.2 The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting as a representative for the Holders, aligned with the decisions made in accordance with Section 12, unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. This shall also apply to the Agent or affiliate to the Agent acting in another manner in relation to the Company within the scope of other dealings with the Company.
19.3 The Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent be liable for indirect damage.
19.4 Should the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any o f the circumstances mentioned in Section 19.1 above, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event.
19.5 The provisions in this Section 19 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions o f the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
20 Governing law and jurisdiction
20.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws o f the Kingdom o f Sweden.
