2 (39)
"Cash Management Arrangements" means all liabilities and obligations of the Obligors arising under cash or treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, overdrafts, interstate depository network services, wire payments and account netting and pooling services) or any similar services which any Obligor maintains with a lender under the Senior Finance Documents.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, other than the MacDonald Family Trust or Donald MacDonald or any member of his family or a corporation wholly owned by such persons acquires Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Credit Card Obligations" means all indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of the Obligors to the credit card facility lenders. The credit card facility is used for commercial purposes (including commercial credit cards and purchasing cards) not to exceed, in aggregate for all such credit card facilities, CAD 10 million or the equivalent amount thereof.
"Cure Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 15.1.
"Current Ratio" means the ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities.
"Current Assets" means on any date, the aggregate book value of the consolidated assets of the Group which are treated as current assets in accordance with GAAP less the aggregate book value of any restricted cash (where restricted cash means cash which is both pledged and blocked).
"Current Liabilities" means on any date the aggregate book value of the consolidated liabilities of the Group which are treated as current liabilities in accordance with GAAP, excluding the current portion of long term debt, the current portion of amortised loan issuance costs, and liabilities to non-controlling interests.
"Dataroom" means a virtual dataroom maintained by the Issuer for the Purpose of distributing Interim Accounts and Financial Statements pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. Access to the Dataroom for other parties than the Bond Trustee will be made through password to be reset each quarter.
