(v) copies of the Security Documents, duly executed, and evidence that the documents and other evidences to be delivered pursuant to the Security Documents will be delivered in accordance with the terms thereof following disbursement of the Net Proceeds from the Proceeds Account;
20
(vii) immediately following repayment of the Existing Debt, duly executed copies of:
(A) an amendment agreement to the lease agreement between the Issuer and the Operator, dated 1 November 2017, regarding Naantali Hotel and thirty (30) per cent. of Ruissalo Hotel, whereby the lease object is amended to include only the hotels; and
(B) an amendment agreement to the lease agreement between Ritva and Pekka Niemi and the Operator, dated 23 December 2016, regarding seventy (70) per cent. of Ruissalo Hotel, whereby the lease term is extended to 31 October 2027 and the landlord's option to annually increase the rent based on the Operator's positive financial performance is removed from the lease agreement.
(c) The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct and true, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation. The conditions precedent set out in paragraph (b) above are not reviewed by the Agent from a legal or commercial perspective on behalf of the Bondholders.
(d) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been received by the Agent, the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the funds from the Proceeds Account in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Proceeds Account.
(e) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been received by the Agent within thirty (30) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(e). The repurchase date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
