(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on a CSD Business Day:
(ii) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling forty-eight (48) months after the Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 102.425 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(iii) any time from and including the first Business Day falling forty-eight (48) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling fifty-four (54) months after the Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.213 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(iv) any time from and including the first Business Day falling fifty-four (54) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100.606 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(v) notwithstanding the above, provided that the redemption is financed in full by way of one or several Market Loan issues, at any time from and including the first Business Day falling fifty-seven (57) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to one hundred (100) per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders, the Agent and the Issuing and Paying Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
24
9.4 Mandatory early total redemption upon a Naantali Mandatory Prepayment Event
Upon the occurrence of a Naantali Mandatory Prepayment Event (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, a Naantali Total Loss Event), the Issuer shall no later than thirty (30) days following the Naantali Mandatory Prepayment Event (unless an Event of Default is continuing in which case it shall be promptly), redeem all the outstanding Bonds at the price as set forth in Clause 9.3(a) (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the Make-Whole Amount. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro and paid to the Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
