9.6 Mandatory early partial redemption upon a Naantali Total Loss Event
25
9.7 Mandatory early partial redemption upon a Ruissalo Total Loss Event
Upon a Ruissalo Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly upon receipt of insurance proceeds, but in any event no later than 180 days following the Ruissalo Total Loss Event, redeem one third (1/3) of the Nominal Amount of the Bonds (rounded down to the nearest even EUR 100 per each Bond ) on a pro rata basis, together with a premium on the due and payable amount as set forth in Clause 9.3(a) (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the Make Whole Amount. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro and paid to the Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
9.8 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b)(iii) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b)(iii) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b)(iii). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.8(a) (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.8 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)), the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.8 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)) by virtue of the conflict.
10. Transaction Security and Guarantees
