(b) If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 15(a)(i), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 15(a)(i).
40
(d) If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 15, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7(a) shall apply and for any partial redemption in accordance with Clauses 9.4 (Mandatory early total redemption upon a Naantali Mandatory Prepayment Event), 9.5 (Mandatory early partial redemption upon a Ruissalo Mandatory Prepayment Event), 9.6 (Mandatory early partial redemption upon a Naantali Total Loss Event) and 9.7 (Mandatory early partial redemption upon a Ruissalo Total Loss Event) due but not made, the Record Date specified in Clause 9.5 shall apply.
16. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the Bondholders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 6 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder) from a Person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i) at the Record Date on the CSD Business Day specified in the notice of the Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 17(c), in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
