"Shareholder Loans" means any shareholder loan to the Issuer if such shareholder loan (a) according to its terms and pursuant to a subordination agreement, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date, and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest, other than interest that is permitted to be payable under Clause 14.2 (Distributions).
"Subordination Agreement" means a subordination agreement between, among others, the Agent the Issuer and any creditor with respect to Shareholder Loans.
"Subsequent Bonds" means the First Subsequent Bonds and the Further Subsequent Bonds.
"Subsequent Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer, into which the Net Proceeds from the issue of the First Subsequent Bonds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent) under the Subsequent Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
12
"Subsequent Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent on or about the date of the issuance of the First Subsequent Bonds in respect of a first priority pledge over the Subsequent Escrow Account in respect of the Net Proceeds from the First Subsequent Bonds and all funds held on the Subsequent Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent).
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any entity (whether incorporated or not), which at anytime is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).
"Target" means Come On Malta Ltd, business identity code C46829, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Malta.
"Target Call Option" means the call option (callable during the last quarter of 2016) relating the Issuer's right to purchase the Additional Target Shares from the Vendors granted by the Vendor to the Issuer under the Share Purchase Agreement.
