(d) The Issuer may, at one occasion, issue First Subsequent Bonds. First Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The issue price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 200,000,000.
14
Subsequent Bonds. Further Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The issue price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 200,000,000.
(f) The Bonds constitute direct, general, secured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(g) Subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(h) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer orthe Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Denmark, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
(a) The Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds shall be applied to (i) finance the acquisition of the Initial Target Shares (together with the Initial Share Issue), and (ii) pay Transaction Costs.
(b) The Net Proceeds from the issuance of the First Subsequent Bonds shall be applied to (i) finance the acquisition of the Additional Target Shares (together with the Additional Share Issue), (ii) pay Transaction Costs, and (iii) refinance the Refinancing Debt.
