(ii) evidence that a minimum of 40 per cent. of the Remaining Payment either (i) is paid with proceeds from the Additional Share Issue or (ii) is paid in kind with shares issued pursuant to the Additional Share Issue; and
16
(d) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(a) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Initial Escrow Accounts) to transfer the funds from the Initial Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 3(a) (Use of Proceeds). The Agent shall transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Initial Escrow Accounts, to the bank account specified by the Issuer.
(e) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(a) have not been fulfilled within 30 Business Days from the Issue Date for the Initial Bonds, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Initial Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.
(f) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(c) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall transfer the funds from the Subsequent Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 3(b) (Use of Proceeds). The Agent shall transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Subsequent Escrow Account, to the bank account specified by the Issuer.
(g) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(c) have not been fulfilled on 31 March 2017, the Issuer shall redeem the First Subsequent Bonds at a price equal to 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Subsequent Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the First Subsequent Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.
(h) The Agent may assume that documentation and other evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4(b) and (c) is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to the CSD.
