(b) If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the relevant Bondholder being registered as such on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
(d) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
8. Interest
(a) Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bonds will carry Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its Issue Date up to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
(c) The interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (and including) the due date up to (but excluding) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) per cent. higher than the Applicable Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Applicable Interest Rate shall apply instead.
9. Redemption, Repurchase and Prepayment of the Bonds
9.1 Redemption at maturity
