(c) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
22.1 Appointment of the Agent
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer.
(b) By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf as set out in Clause 22.1(a) above.
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
37
(f) The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
