OFFERING MEMORANDUM
OVAKO
NOT FOR GENERAL CIRCULATION IN THE UNITED STATES
Ovako AB (publ)
EUR300,000,000
6.500% Senior Secured Notes due 2019
Interest payable semi-annually in arrears
Ovako AB (publ), a registered Swedish public limited liability company (Sw. p u b lik t aktiebolag ) (the " Issuer"), is offering (the " O fferin g ") EUR300,000,000 aggregate principal am ount o f its 6.500% senior secured notes due 2019 (the " Notes"). The proceeds of the Notes w ill prim arily be used to repay existing indebtedness. See " Use o f pro ceed s". Interest w ill be paid on the Notes at a rate o f 6.500% per annum. Interest on the Notes w ill accrue from the issue date o f the Notes (the " Issue Date") and w ill be payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing December 1, 2014. The Notes w ill mature on June 1, 2019. Prior to June 1, 2016, the Issuer w ill be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts if any, plus a " make w h o le" premium. Prior to June 1, 2016, the Issuer w ill be entitled at its option to , during each twelve-m onth period commencing w ith the Issue Date, redeem up to 10% of the then outstanding aggregate principal am ount of the Notes at a price equal to 103% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. Prior to June 1, 2016, the Issuer w ill be entitled at its option to also redeem up to 35% o f the aggregate principal am ount of the Notes w ith the net proceeds from certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth in this offering memorandum plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. On or after June 1, 2016, the Issuer w ill be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the Notes, at any tim e or from tim e to tim e, at the redemption prices set forth in this offering memorandum plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control, the Issuer may be required to repurchase all or a portion o f its Notes at 101% of th eir principal amount. See " Description o f Notes--Repurchase at the option o f holders-- Change o f control". Additionally, the Issuer may also redeem all, but not less than all, of the Notes in the event o f certain developments affecting taxation.
The Notes will be senior obligations of the Issuer and w ill be guaranteed as to principal and interest on a senior basis (the " Guarantees") by Ovako Group AB (the " Parent Company") and certain direct and indirect, w holly owned subsidiaries of the Issuer (together w ith the Parent Company, the " Guarantors") and w ill rank equally in right of payment to all other existing and future senior obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors, respectively, that are not subordinated in right of payment to the Notes as further described in this offering memorandum. See "Risk factors--Risks relating to an investm ent in the N otes and the Guarantees-- The Notes and each o f the Guarantees will be structurally subordinated to present and future liabilities o f our non-Guarantor subsidiaries". The Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by first-priority security interests over certain assets of the Issuer and the Guarantors (the " Collateral"), which will also secure the obligations under (i) the new revolving credit facility to be entered into by, among others, the Issuer and the Guarantors on or prior to the Issue Date (the " Revolving Credit Facility"), (ii) the pension insurance line to be entered into by, among others, the Issuer and the Guarantors on or prior to the Issue Date (the " Original Pension Insurance Line") and (iii) certain hedging obligations. In the event of the enforcement of the security over the Collateral, the holders of the Notes will receive proceeds from the Collateral only after the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Pension Insurance Line and certain hedging obligations have been repaid in full. In addition, the security interests in the Collateral and the Guarantees may be released under certain circumstances. See " Description o f Notes--Security". The Notes, the Guarantees and the Collateral will be subject to certain legal and contractual limitations. See " Risk factors--Risks relating to an investm ent in the N otes and the Guarantees--The Guarantees and security interests on the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcem ent and may be limited by applicable laws or subject to certain defenses that may limit their validity and enforceability".
