Ovako AB (publ), a registered Swedish public limited liability company (Sw. p u b lik t aktiebolag ) (the " Issuer"), is offering (the " O fferin g ") EUR300,000,000 aggregate principal am ount o f its 6.500% senior secured notes due 2019 (the " Notes"). The proceeds of the Notes w ill prim arily be used to repay existing indebtedness. See " Use o f pro ceed s". Interest w ill be paid on the Notes at a rate o f 6.500% per annum. Interest on the Notes w ill accrue from the issue date o f the Notes (the " Issue Date") and w ill be payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing December 1, 2014. The Notes w ill mature on June 1, 2019. Prior to June 1, 2016, the Issuer w ill be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts if any, plus a " make w h o le" premium. Prior to June 1, 2016, the Issuer w ill be entitled at its option to , during each twelve-m onth period commencing w ith the Issue Date, redeem up to 10% of the then outstanding aggregate principal am ount of the Notes at a price equal to 103% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. Prior to June 1, 2016, the Issuer w ill be entitled at its option to also redeem up to 35% o f the aggregate principal am ount of the Notes w ith the net proceeds from certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth in this offering memorandum plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. On or after June 1, 2016, the Issuer w ill be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the Notes, at any tim e or from tim e to tim e, at the redemption prices set forth in this offering memorandum plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control, the Issuer may be required to repurchase all or a portion o f its Notes at 101% of th eir principal amount. See " Description o f Notes--Repurchase at the option o f holders-- Change o f control". Additionally, the Issuer may also redeem all, but not less than all, of the Notes in the event o f certain developments affecting taxation.
This offering memorandum in respect o f the Notes constitutes a prospectus for purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg Act dated July 10, 2005, on prospectuses for securities, as amended, and includes inform ation on the term s o f the Notes and the Guarantees, including redemption and repurchase prices, covenants and transfer restrictions. There is currently no m arket for the Notes. Application has been made to list the Notes on the O fficial List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and fo r admission to trading on the Euro MTF m arket (the " Euro M TF") o f the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, w hich is not a regulated market w ithin the meaning of Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments.
The Notes w ill be issued in registered form in minimum denom inations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples o f EUR1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes w ill be represented on issue by one or more global notes, and the Initial Purchasers (as defined herein) expect to deliver the Notes in book-entry form through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (" Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme (" Clearstream ") on or about May 23, 2014.
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk factors" beginning on page 20.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the laws of any other jurisdiction and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and within the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in reliance on Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of the Notes, see "Notice to investors" and "Important information".
Issue Price: 100.00% plus accrued interest, if any, from May 23, 2014
J.P. Morgan
Lead Bookrunners
Joint Bookrunner
