could face significant difficulties, possibly leading to bankruptcy proceedings. We cannot easily diversify our geographical customer base because of the significant cost of shipping many of our products to other markets and because of the importance of close collaboration in engineering and flexible delivery times. Any significant decrease in demand for engineering steel products or decline in the base price of these products, particularly in Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland, could result in significantly reduced profitability.
We are significantly dependent on our customers' end markets, in particular the automotive and transportation, other engineering, mining, oil & gas exploration and extraction equipment and energy production end markets.
Because we are at the beginning of the supply chain, we are highly dependent on demand in the end markets in which our customers operate, in particular the automotive and transportation, other engineering, mining, oil &gas exploration and extraction equipment and energy production end markets. The automotive and transportation and other engineering end markets are cyclical just as is the engineering steel industry. We estimate that, excluding sales to distributors, the automotive and transportation end markets, the other engineering industry, the mining, oil &gas exploration and extraction equipment and the energy production end markets each accounted for approximately 40%, 30%, 10% and 5%, respectively, of our total net sales in 2013. We estimate that the remaining 15% of our total net sales in 2013 were derived from distributors. We do not have estimates of the end-markets to which distributers sell our products but we believe that most of our products sold to distributers are purchased by customers in the other engineering industry and automotive and transportation industry. Within the automotive and transportation end markets, we are particularly dependent on demand for heavy trucks and construction equipment, which account for most of our revenue from the automotive and transportation end market, and to a lesser extent on the demand for passenger cars. Our results of operations are therefore particularly affected by changes in the demand for trucks and construction equipment, which is more sensitive to actual or expected changes in economic conditions generally and changes in GDP specifically, than the demand for passenger cars. A decline in demand in any of our end markets, in particular in automotive and transportation and other engineering end markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
If we were to lose order volumes from any of our customers, our sales volumes, revenues and cash flows could be reduced.
We manufacture products for certain niche industries. As such, our business is exposed to risks related to a degree of customer concentration. Our top ten customers represented 40% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2013, with our largest customer representing 15% of our total net sales. A loss of order volumes from, or a loss of industry share by, any major customer could lower sales volumes, increasing our proportion of costs to net sales and lowering profitability and forcing the temporary or permanent closure of one or all of our production facilities, in its turn negatively impacting our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
23
Our business could be disrupted if our customers shift either their manufacturing or sourcing requirements offshore.
Much of our business depends on maintaining close geographical proximity to our customers because the costs of transporting metals across large distances can be significant relative to their sales price and due to the importance of close collaboration in engineering and flexible delivery times. For example, our five largest customers who accounted for 31% of our net sales in 2013 each had engineers and management in Sweden and Finland who were significantly involved in the specification of our steel grades and our process customization. There are concerns that automotive and transportation manufacturing and assembly may gradually shift to lower cost regions outside Western Europe and the Nordics. This relocation trend has to date primarily affected assembly facilities and not production of mission-critical automotive, transportation, and general engineering components, such as engines, which remain located in Western Europe. However, any relocations by our customers of parts of their business which we supply, in particular the manufacturing of automotive, transportation and construction equipment, could lead to us losing business to competitors located outside of Europe and may disrupt or end our relationships with some customers. To date, we have limited our investments in regions outside Western Europe and the Nordics to sales and marketing. If our customers were to relocate parts of their business that is relevant to us, we may have to invest in production facilities outside of Europe. To the extent we are unable to expand internationally when our customers do so, it could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We do not have long-term contractual arrangements with our customers and our sales volumes could decrease if our customers reduce or delay purchase orders or switch their suppliers.
