Information on the fair value of financial assets and liabilities:
For cash and cash equivalents, and for current receivables and liabilities, the fair value is considered to be equal to the carrying amount. The fair value of interest-bearing liabilities has been calculated based on the discounted value o f future payments, including interest and amortisation. In the calculation, management has found no reason to presume changes have occurred in the interest margin that existed when the loans were raised. The difference between the carrying amount and fair value of non-current interest-bearing debt is primarily due to the deferred financing costs which reduced the carrying amount.
Fair values o f available for sale financial assets:
Available for sale financial assets include unlisted equities which are measured at cost and for which information on fair value cannot be reliably estimated.
Fair value o f derivatives for hedge accounting:
The fair value of derivatives is estimated with reference to quoted market prices. When such parameters are unavailable, a discounted cash flow analysis is performed using the applicable yield curve for the duration of the derivative and alternative pricing models for comparable derivatives. Foreign currency hedges are estimated using the quoted exchange rate and the yield curve from a quoted interest rate that matches the contract maturity date. Interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and discounted based on a suitable yield curve from a listed stock exchange.
Measurements of assets and liabilities are classified in a fair value hierarchy as follows: Level 1: Fair value is determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2: Fair value is determined based on inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices); and Level 3: Fair value is determined based on inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data. Ovako's derivatives are Level 2.
F-58
CONSOLIDATED FiNANCiAL STATEMENTS
