Much of our business depends on maintaining close geographical proximity to our customers because the costs of transporting metals across large distances can be significant relative to their sales price and due to the importance of close collaboration in engineering and flexible delivery times. For example, our five largest customers who accounted for 31% of our net sales in 2013 each had engineers and management in Sweden and Finland who were significantly involved in the specification of our steel grades and our process customization. There are concerns that automotive and transportation manufacturing and assembly may gradually shift to lower cost regions outside Western Europe and the Nordics. This relocation trend has to date primarily affected assembly facilities and not production of mission-critical automotive, transportation, and general engineering components, such as engines, which remain located in Western Europe. However, any relocations by our customers of parts of their business which we supply, in particular the manufacturing of automotive, transportation and construction equipment, could lead to us losing business to competitors located outside of Europe and may disrupt or end our relationships with some customers. To date, we have limited our investments in regions outside Western Europe and the Nordics to sales and marketing. If our customers were to relocate parts of their business that is relevant to us, we may have to invest in production facilities outside of Europe. To the extent we are unable to expand internationally when our customers do so, it could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Substantially all our customer contracts have a term of one year or less, are non-exclusive and do not oblige our customers to purchase a minimum volume. Customers typically purchase products from us on a purchase order basis and may reduce their volume demand for our products or choose not to continue to purchase our products altogether. In addition, due to the nature of the end markets that we serve, our customary arrangements generally permit customers to delay orders. Our customers may choose to purchase substitute products from our competitors if, for example, such products are offered at lower prices, competitors offer more flexible contractual arrangements, or if our customers elect to diversify their suppliers. While, it may not be easy for some customers to switch suppliers on short notice our customers may choose alternative suppliers over the time. Unless we are able to replace lost sales volumes with new business, the loss of customers, a significant reduction in purchase orders or significant delays in purchase orders could have a material negative impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We have a significant cost base at any level of production.
Our cost base consists primarily of raw material costs, employee related costs and energy related costs. At any level of production at which we have the ability to operate, we have a high cost base as a proportion of our net sales. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, our costs of goods sold amounted to 94.9%, 92.8% and 87.2%, respectively, of our net sales. In the medium to long term we are able to adjust our level of production to reduce our cost base. However, in the short term we do not have such flexibility. In addition, a majority of our cost base is fixed, such as the majority of our employee related costs, and cannot be reduced by changes in our level of production. If we are unable to substantially reduce our cost base to offset a decline in sales volumes, it will have a material adverse impact on our profitability. Any decrease in profitability could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
24
We may be unable to realize any benefits from our ongoing or future cost savings and efficiency programs, such as our profit improvement program 7P!.
In recent years, we have undertaken several significant projects in an effort to lower our costs and enhance our efficiency. These have included efforts to streamline purchases of raw materials and energy, gain efficiencies in product distribution, reduce logistics costs and lower fixed costs. Currently, we are implementing a new profit improvement program 7P!. The program aims to both expand marketing efforts and further improve operational efficiencies to reduce our cost base and offer more competitive prices for our products. Our ability to compete successfully and remain profitable depends on us materially achieving the targets of our ongoing and future cost savings and efficiency programs and that the targets have the intended effect. To the extent that we are unable to meet one or more of the targets, or that targets are significantly less effective in achieving the level of combined cost-savings or margin enhancement than we anticipate, or that we do not achieve such results as quickly as we anticipate, our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted.
We depend on the availability of energy resources used in our manufacturing processes, in particular electricity, LPG, fuel oil and natural gas. Any increase in the cost of energy resources could cause our cost of goods sold to increase, thereby reducing operating results and limiting our operating flexibility.
The energy resources our business depends on are electricity, LPG, fuel oil and natural gas for running the electric arc furnaces and our heat treatment furnaces. We use a significant amount of electricity and are heavily impacted by the electricity price and to a lesser extent by the prices of LPG, fuel oil and natural gas. The price and availability of such energy resources are affected by domestic factors in Sweden, Finland and neighboring countries relating to, among other things, usage by other consumers, the capacity of power generating facilities and environmental and other regulatory requirements, as well as external factors relating to, among other things, operating costs of power generation, global prices for crude oil and political and economic factors. Prices for such energy resources have historically varied and may continue to vary significantly and such variations are beyond our control. The European Climate and Energy Package (CEP) and other requirements relating to greenhouse gases could have a significant impact on the energy markets in Europe and could, therefore, also affect our energy costs. The implementation of European Union-level and national directives within the CEP is currently ongoing and includes a number of significant uncertainties. In particular, recently electricity prices have fluctuated significantly. Average spot prices in EUR per MWh for electricity on the NASDAQ OMX market were 47.1, 31.2 and 38.1 in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively.
