We depend on the availability of energy resources used in our manufacturing processes, in particular electricity, LPG, fuel oil and natural gas. Any increase in the cost of energy resources could cause our cost of goods sold to increase, thereby reducing operating results and limiting our operating flexibility.
Additionally, disruptions in the supply of electricity or any other of our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture products for our customers. We generally purchase electricity in the spot market, primarily NASDAQ OMX, except for one supply agreement at a fixed price in Finland, which covered approximately 26% of our electricity demand in Finland in 2013. This supply agreement will expire in December 2015. We generally enter annual supply contracts for LPG, fuel oil and natural gas. Unlike with respect to LPG, fuel oil and natural gas, we have historically hedged the majority of our variable price of electricity through separate hedges by entering into financial contracts, either bilaterally or over the NASDAQ OMX market. We changed our electricity prices hedging policy in the spring of 2012. Under our new policy, we hedge the price of our anticipated electricity consumption in the coming 24 months. We hedge between 40% and 60% of our anticipated electricity consumption for the next 12 months and between 20% and 50% of our anticipated electricity consumption in the following 12 months. At year-end 2013, our anticipated electricity consumption for 2014 and 2015 was hedged as follows (including the long-term supply agreement in Finland, which will expire in December 2015): 57% for 2014 and 38% for 2015. As a result of our policy to hedge a smaller portion of our anticipated electricity consumption going forward and to conclude shorter dated hedges, any significant increases in spot prices which are not hedged could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
25
We are exposed to currency exchange rate movements, in particular the EUR/SEK exchange rate.
Our operating results and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates because our reporting currency is the EUR, while a portion of our revenue and large share of our expenses are denominated in other currencies. The greatest currency risk is linked to SEK, primarily because a large part of our production costs are in SEK. In 2013, sales in EUR accounted for 61% of our total net sales, compared to 28% in SEK, 4% in GBP and 5% in US$. Going forward, currency exchange rate movements may additionally impact our ability to make payments under the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility for which payments are in EUR and possibly SEK, GBP and USD. In addition, we are exposed to currency mismatches with respect to certain capital expenditures in countries in which we operate. When we translate our result of operations, financial position, cash flows and changes in equity into EUR for the purpose of preparing our consolidated financial statements that are expressed in EUR, the EUR amounts will vary in accordance with applicable exchange rates. Sudden increases in inflation or the devaluation of these currencies or other currencies in which we generate revenue, have had, and may continue to have, a materially impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
From time to time we may decide to hedge contractual net exposures from sales and purchases in currencies other than the base currency or trading currency to hedge margins. No currency derivatives existed for most of 2013 but in November 2013 we signed a foreign exchange forward contract that hedges approximately 37% of the estimated net outflow in SEK during 2014, with a total value of approximately EUR75 million. Our hedging activities may not eliminate foreign exchange rate exposure at an acceptable cost, or at all. Failure to do so could have a materially adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Engineering steel production is capital intensive and we may not be able to fund our capital expenditures as planned.
The growth of our business requires significant capital expenditures, including in the areas of product line extensions, production plant maintenance and transportation as well as compliance with current and future obligations under environmental laws and regulations. We rely on cash flows from our operating activities and on external sources of funding, including third-party borrowings, to finance our capital expenditures. In 2013, we recorded capital expenditures, representing additions to property, plant, equipment and intangible assets, of EUR44.9 million as compared to EUR48.2 million and EUR33.5 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively. In 2014, we have on going and planned capital expenditures, including in particular relating to the continuous casting machine at the steel mill in Smedjebacken, Sweden.
Directive 2010/75/EU of November 24, 2010 on Industrial Emissions (as amended, the "IE Directive"), applies common rules for permitting and controlling industrial installations. Emissions to air, soil or water, as well as noise and safety are all covered by the IE Directive. Sweden implemented the IE Directive on June 18, 2013 by amendments to the Swedish Environmental Act and by passing six new regulations. Finland is still in the process of fully implementing the IE Directive and it is expected that the IE Directive will be implemented during 2014. The IE Directive will result in a stricter environmental oversight of our production facilities, particularly with respect to atmospheric emissions. It is likely that the implementation of the IE Directive and respective updates of environmental permits will require us to invest in additional emission reduction measures for one or more of our production facilities. These processes are expected to be ongoing for many years.
