CONSOLiDATED FiNANCiAL STATEMENTS
The group has entered into a number of pension plans in accordance with local regulations and agreements
In Sweden, which accounts for 90 (89) % of the group's pension liabilities, there are both defined contribution plans, for which pension payments are managed by insurance companies, and defined benefit plans, for which the group's pension obligations are secured in the Swedish PRI/ FPG system. Certain group companies have specific pension plans for management personnel.
The plans of foreign subsidiaries are structured in accordance with local rules and customary practice.
Pension benefits in Finnish companies are secured by local insurance companies and a voluntary pension agreement covered by supplemental insurance. Pensions in Finland are mainly covered by the statutory TyEL pension system. Some individual agreements may cover early retirement or disability. There are other long-term service benefits in some instances, such as compensation for long service.
The current pension system in the Netherlands is implemented within the Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds (industrial sector pension fund) 'Stichting Pensioenfonds Metaal en Techniek'(Pension Fund for the Engineering, Mechanical and Electric Contracting Sector). These are defined benefit plans but are treated as defined contribution plans in the annual accounts because sufficient parameters are unavailable to perform defined benefit plan calculations under IAS 19.
Ovako has a pension and life assurance plan for its employees in the UK. The plan was created as a defined benefit plan, which had a deficit at 31 December. The plan was closed to new subscribers as of 31 December 2009.
Ovako North America Inc offers defined contribution plans open to all employees who have worked for the company for at least six months. The company also has a post-employment medical insurance plan for certain employees and former employees.
Employees in Germany are covered by public pension schemes. The president and two other key management personnel also have a supple mental, defined benefit plan. The majority of the defined benefit pension plan refers to supplemental insurance for former executives. The pension liability is insured.
