The growth of our business requires significant capital expenditures, including in the areas of product line extensions, production plant maintenance and transportation as well as compliance with current and future obligations under environmental laws and regulations. We rely on cash flows from our operating activities and on external sources of funding, including third-party borrowings, to finance our capital expenditures. In 2013, we recorded capital expenditures, representing additions to property, plant, equipment and intangible assets, of EUR44.9 million as compared to EUR48.2 million and EUR33.5 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively. In 2014, we have on going and planned capital expenditures, including in particular relating to the continuous casting machine at the steel mill in Smedjebacken, Sweden.
Our ability to obtain financing at acceptable costs and in amounts sufficient to meet on going, planned and future capital expenditures could be materially adversely affected by many factors beyond our control, including the state of the economies of the countries in which we operate and our ability to obtain credit. In the short term, we are able to delay capital expenditures including routine maintenance for a period generally up to one year without significant damage
26
to our equipment. Longer periods of delay could have a materially adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In general, we believe we currently need to spend in the range of EUR15.0 million to EUR20.0 million per annum on maintenance capital expenditure, though the actual amount we incur may be higher or lower.
Our ability to adequately implement capital improvements may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in the terms of existing financing arrangements, changes in economic conditions, plant and machine breakdowns, adverse events such as fire, explosions and floods, environmental incidents, regulatory developments, product or specification changes, delays in project completion, cost overruns, and defects in design or construction. For example, any delays to the completion of the continuous casting machine project at the steel mill in Smedjebacken, which we plan to perform in July of this year, could have a significant negative effect in our results of operations.
Our potential inability to finance on going, planned and future capital expenditures or to finance such expenditures at an acceptable cost or at all may have a materially adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The raw materials used in our manufacturing processes are subject to price fluctuations and changes in availability which could increase our costs of goods sold.
Scrap steel and alloys are the principal raw materials we use. We require substantial amounts of these raw materials. The price and availability of our raw materials fluctuates depending on local and international supply and demand due to, for example, interruptions in production and sourcing by suppliers, supplier allocation to other purchasers, concentration of the suppliers and increases in transportation costs. In 2013, approximately 30% of our total raw material purchases were supplied by our ten largest suppliers. We estimate that a majority of our sales volume in the year ended December 31, 2013 was subject to agreements that permit us to pass increases in scrap and alloy costs to our customers. The remaining sales volume is sold based on contracts which do not allow us to pass on increases of scrap and alloy prices to our customers. However, for these customers we manage our exposure to fluctuations in scrap and alloy prices by making these sales on a monthly or quarterly basis, which allows us to set prices in accordance with our raw material costs at the time such contract is entered into. We therefore do not enter into hedging agreements with respect to prices of raw materials.
Our scrap and alloy agreements with pass-through allow us to adjust the scrap and alloy surcharge on a monthly basis. Our scrap steel and alloy price pass-through mechanisms in our customer contracts have an explicit raw material surcharge component, and we have generally been able to pass on increases in the prices of raw materials to our customers. The time it takes us to produce a product (our internal process time) is typically longer than the contractually agreed reference period used to determine the average scrap and alloy prices used for the sale of our products (contractually agreed surcharge reference period). Synchronizing our internal process time and the contractually agreed surcharge reference period is important because it allows us to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the price of scrap and alloy. More specifically, in periods of falling scrap and alloy prices and if the contractually agreed surcharge reference period is shorter than our internal process time, we may have to purchase scrap and alloy at higher costs that we may not be able to fully pass on to our customers.
