Scrap steel and alloys are the principal raw materials we use. We require substantial amounts of these raw materials. The price and availability of our raw materials fluctuates depending on local and international supply and demand due to, for example, interruptions in production and sourcing by suppliers, supplier allocation to other purchasers, concentration of the suppliers and increases in transportation costs. In 2013, approximately 30% of our total raw material purchases were supplied by our ten largest suppliers. We estimate that a majority of our sales volume in the year ended December 31, 2013 was subject to agreements that permit us to pass increases in scrap and alloy costs to our customers. The remaining sales volume is sold based on contracts which do not allow us to pass on increases of scrap and alloy prices to our customers. However, for these customers we manage our exposure to fluctuations in scrap and alloy prices by making these sales on a monthly or quarterly basis, which allows us to set prices in accordance with our raw material costs at the time such contract is entered into. We therefore do not enter into hedging agreements with respect to prices of raw materials.
Our inability to secure adequate raw materials at commercially reasonable prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Any significant change in the prices or supply of the raw materials used in our manufacturing processes, or in our general ability to pass through such costs to customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
27
Technical failures, outages and other interruptions of manufacturing equipment or operating systems could materially impact our business and financial situation.
When business conditions permit, we operate our production plants at levels at or near capacity. High levels of production are important to our financial results because they enable us to spread our fixed costs, over a greater number of tons. Plant outages or equipment failures requiring significant time and resources to repair, as well as the occurrence of adverse events, such as fires or explosions, could affect our manufacturing equipment, particularly under circumstances where we lack adequate redundant facilities. For example, we have had two fires during the last two years, one in May 2013 and one in August 2012, which both resulted in extended production stops. We did not suffer significant losses in connection with these production stops because both were covered by insurance. However, any future production stops may not be covered by insurance. We may also not be able to compensate for loss of production at one plant in the case of a technical failure, outage or other equipment interruption by shifting production to another plant.
In addition, the occurrence of natural or man-made disasters, adverse weather conditions, environmental or safety incidents or similar events or circumstances could significantly disrupt our operations, negatively impact the operations of other companies or contractors we depend upon in our operations, or adversely affect customers or markets to which we sell our products. For example, our facilities have experienced natural disasters such as floods in the past causing plant closures for several days. Any such significant disruptions or reduced levels of production may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The performance of our business is significantly dependent on our ability to maintain high quality standards in the manufacture of our products.
The engineering steel market is characterized by highly specific technical requirements, such as levels of elasticity, strength, ductility, toughness and fatigue resistance. Our products are used in performance-critical end use products. A significant portion of our products are subject to severe environments in their end-use and subject to high performance requirements, such as high temperatures, exposure to hazardous substances, high speed and continuous pressure. The performance, quality and safety of our products are critical to the success of our business. These characteristics depend significantly on the effectiveness of quality control systems, which in turn depend on a number of factors, including the design of the systems and our ability to ensure that personnel adhere to quality control guidelines and policies. Any significant failure or deterioration of our quality control systems could result in the failure of our products. Failure or the perceived failure of our products to meet the required precise technical specifications could lead to significant expense for our customers, and result in product recalls, product liability claims or other significant costs to us. Product liability claims and product recalls, or any other issues with respect to the quality of our products, could harm our reputation both with our existing customers and with respect to potential new customers. Our inability to meet the quality and technical requirements required by the end markets that we serve and any failure or perceived failure of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our licenses or third-party certifications may be suspended, amended, terminated or revoked prior to their expiration, and we may be unable to obtain or maintain various other permits or authorizations.
