The engineering steel market is characterized by highly specific technical requirements, such as levels of elasticity, strength, ductility, toughness and fatigue resistance. Our products are used in performance-critical end use products. A significant portion of our products are subject to severe environments in their end-use and subject to high performance requirements, such as high temperatures, exposure to hazardous substances, high speed and continuous pressure. The performance, quality and safety of our products are critical to the success of our business. These characteristics depend significantly on the effectiveness of quality control systems, which in turn depend on a number of factors, including the design of the systems and our ability to ensure that personnel adhere to quality control guidelines and policies. Any significant failure or deterioration of our quality control systems could result in the failure of our products. Failure or the perceived failure of our products to meet the required precise technical specifications could lead to significant expense for our customers, and result in product recalls, product liability claims or other significant costs to us. Product liability claims and product recalls, or any other issues with respect to the quality of our products, could harm our reputation both with our existing customers and with respect to potential new customers. Our inability to meet the quality and technical requirements required by the end markets that we serve and any failure or perceived failure of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our operations are subject to regulatory regimes, including licensing, and the receipt of various permits and authorizations, including the operations of our plants and subsidiaries. We voluntarily subject ourselves to third-party certification of the technical and quality standards of certain of our products, such as the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). Our production facilities are in the process of applying for an "integrated environmental permit" under national implementation of Directive 2008/1/EC of the European Parliament and of the
28
Council of January 15, 2008 (the "IPPC Directive"). We are required to hold licenses for the storage and processing of hazardous and non-hazardous materials, water use and discharge, emission and effluent discharge, power use and other operations. We have applied for the renewal of the license for our steel mill in Smedjebacken, Sweden and are in the process of submitting an application for license renewal for our steel mill in Hofors, Sweden. To date, we have been able to obtain and extend licenses, permits and authorizations necessary to carry out our current operations, but we may not in the future be able to obtain new or renew existing licenses or remain in compliance with some or all of the requirements imposed in connection with current or future licenses, permits and authorizations. If we fail to fulfill the requirements of our licenses or permits, regulatory authorities may impose fines on us or suspend, revoke or terminate our licenses and permits which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our plants. Regulatory authorities also may impose additional or more stringent obligations or operating limits under permits and licences we receive or renew in the future which would increase our costs or restrict our operations. Any failure by us to meet quality and technical requirements needed to receive the necessary third-party certifications or the loss of existing third-party certifications also may lead to the loss of business opportunities, which could lead to a decline in sales. Any such event may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We depend on the supply chains of third parties and on the quality of the raw materials we purchase.
Our business could be negatively affected by transportation, raw material and energy supply disruptions, and the poor quality of raw materials, particularly scrap metal and alloys. Although there are alternative suppliers on the market, replacing a supplier may be time consuming and the terms available may not be as favorable as the terms in current supply agreements. We could also experience issues with the quality or composition of the raw materials we purchase, which for example may require that we incur additional costs related to higher cost alloys being added to a production process to maintain product specifications required by a customer. Further, we may be forced to purchase products from other suppliers for various reasons, including if a supply contract is not extended, if a supplier is not able to meet its delivery obligations or if a supplier faces financial or operational difficulties or disruptions. If we are unable to obtain adequate and punctual deliveries of required raw materials at acceptable prices, we may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products in a timely or profitable manner, especially those products that require long lead times or that involve complex manufacturing processes, which could harm our reputation, incur additional costs or delay new product introductions. In addition, switching the supplier of a certain raw material may negatively affect our production since we might be forced to carry out necessary adjustments to our production process as dictated by differences in quality and other characteristics of the raw materials.
Such disruptions or quality issues, whether the result of severe financial hardships or bankruptcies of suppliers, natural or man-made disasters or other adverse weather events, or other unforeseen circumstances or events, could reduce production or increase costs at one or more of our plants and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
In order to operate our business successfully, we must meet evolving customer requirements for engineering steel products and invest in the development of new products.
If we fail to develop or enhance our products to satisfy evolving customer demands, our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects may be harmed significantly. The market for engineering steel products is characterized by periodic new product introductions, certification requirements and evolving customer and industry standards that are each generally driven by technological advances. Our customers are continuously adapting to changing technologies and in turn, we must effectively and timely anticipate and adapt to customer requirements and offer products and services that meet customer demands. Our competitors are doing the same and may be able to produce more cost-effective products or substitutes for engineering steal products.
