The group's finance policy, adopted by the Board o f Directors, pro vides guidance on managing these financial risks. The purpose of the policy is to establish general financial targets, allocation o f responsibili ties and threshold limits in respect of financial risks, and to describe actions that can be taken to mitigate these financial risks within the framework of strategic and operational financial risk management of the group and its business units.
The group shall not engage in hedging transactions or financial transactions that are unrelated to operating activities or may otherwise be regarded as inappropriate management of the group's financial expo sure. Purely speculative financial transactions are not permitted.
The majority o f the group's financial transactions and financial risk management are managed centrally through group treasury.
Market risk Market risk is the risk of market changes in interest rates and exchange rates or other prices that affect the group's revenues and/or financial position.
Foreign currency risk
Foreign currency risk is the risk of changes in exchange rates that adversely affect the company's earnings, equity and competitiveness. Currency risk is treated as translation exposure or transaction exposure.
Translation exposure arises from translation of currencies in subsidiaries' financial statements to the group's presentation currency. Translations that cause fluctuations in consolidated equity comprise investments in subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the euro (EUR). Since all major subsidiaries, including those in Sweden, use the euro as their base currency translation exposure is very limited.
Transaction exposure arises from exchange rate changes in net cash flow from business transactions in currencies other than the base currency. These changes affect profit and loss and the balance sheet continually throughout the year. The group's borrowings are denominated in EU R and are intended to act as hedges against anticipated operating inflows in euro. Other currency flows that arise in connection with purchases and sales are short-term in nature and normally not hedged. Management may decide from time to time to hedge contracted exposure from sales and purchases in currencies other than the base or trading currency to secure margins, but no currency hedges existed during the year.
Ovako is exposed to currency risk because the group's base currency is the EU R , while a portion of revenues and a large share of expenses are denominated in other currencies. The greatest currency risk is linked to the Swedish krona (SEK ) primarily because a large part of Ovako's production costs are in SEK. Appreciation of the Swedish krona by 1% in relation to the euro would have an estimated annualised negative impact on consolidated operating profit of E U R 1.9 million based on sales and purchase volumes for 2012.
