Transaction exposure arises from exchange rate changes in net cash flow from business transactions in currencies other than the base currency. These changes affect profit and loss and the balance sheet continually throughout the year. The group's borrowings are denominated in EU R and are intended to act as hedges against anticipated operating inflows in euro. Other currency flows that arise in connection with purchases and sales are short-term in nature and normally not hedged. Management may decide from time to time to hedge contracted exposure from sales and purchases in currencies other than the base or trading currency to secure margins, but no currency hedges existed during the year.
Most of Ovako group's sales are in euro. The currency split for sales in 2012 was approximately as follows: 62 % EU R, 28 % SE K and 10 % other currencies (mainly GBP and USD). The underlying purchase prices o f key raw materials, such as iron scrap and alloys, are set in global or European markets and the functional purchasing currency is thus USD or EUR, even if the actual purchase price may be billed in local currency. Accordingly, these purchases function as de facto hedges of inflows in EU R and USD.
The group's currency risk is managed by group treasury, which is re sponsible for monitoring and managing total currency risk for the group.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk refers to the risk that changes in market rates will have adverse impact on consolidated earnings. The group's finance policy is to hedge at least two-thirds of the fixed rate term on the total debt portfolio over a three-year period. At 31 December 2012, the group had two inter est rate swaps with a total value of EU R 270 million at fixed rates, which will mature in 2013 (EU R 120m) and 2014 (EU R 150m). Assuming the loan debt is unchanged at the end of the year, a change in market interest rates of 100 basis points (1 percentage point) would impact pre-tax earn ings by EU R 0.0 million.
Electricity price risk
Electricity price risk refers to the risk that changes in market prices for electricity will have an adverse impact on consolidated earnings.
The group's normal annual consumption of electricity is approximately 1 TW h. To mitigate price volatility that causes fluctuations in cash flow and earnings, hedging measures are used by which portions of the vari able price of electricity are transferred to a fixed price. At year-end 2012, anticipated future electricity consumption was hedged according to the following contracts: 62 % for 2013,44 % for 2014 and 23 % for 2015. A rise of 10 % in the price o f electricity compared to the spot price at 31 December 2012 would have a positive impact on Ovako's compre hensive income, before tax, of approximately E U R 0.3 million, taking into account the hedging contracts that exist and with the same annual consumption as in 2012.
The group uses hedge accounting for electricity derivatives since these have been designated as cash flow hedges. Find more details on these derivatives in Note 13.
