In order to operate our business successfully, we must meet evolving customer requirements for engineering steel products and invest in the development of new products.
29
Our strategy may require that we at times expand our product and service offering through acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic alliances and incur additional costs related to steel grade and process customization and innovation, which despite substantial costs may not lead to the development of a product that meets customer demands. Despite our best efforts and substantial costs, we may experience design, engineering and other difficulties that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or marketing of new products and services. Our failure to successfully develop and offer products or services that satisfy customer requirements may significantly weaken demand for our products and services, which would likely cause a decrease in our net sales and harm our operating results. In addition, if our customers demand or competitors introduce products or services based on new or alternative technologies, our existing and future products and services could become obsolete, which would also weaken demand for our products or services, thereby decreasing our net sales and harming our operating results. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The inability to hire or retain key members of our management team or other key employees may have an adverse effect on our operating results.
Our success has depended and will continue to depend, in part, on the efforts of our senior management and other key employees, including key members of our sales force. These individuals possess skills that are critical to the operation of our business. Additionally, given the specialized nature of our business and the highly technological manufacturing processes we use, our employees require specific technical training. The loss or an extended interruption in the services of one or more of our senior management or other key employees, including key members of our sales force or the failure to attract and retain suitably skilled personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our business depends on good relations with our employees. A breakdown in these relations or stricter labor laws, as well as increasing costs of skilled labor, could have a material adverse impact on us.
Labor law in the countries where we operate provides a high level of protection to employees. Furthermore, most of our employees are members of labor unions and, accordingly, we are party to agreements with trade unions at our production plants. However, there can be no assurance that our agreements with trade unions will prevent strikes or work stoppages at any of our facilities, or that such agreements will be renewed on substantially similar terms and conditions in the future. In many cases, we have a legal obligation to consult with our employees, their representative bodies or trade unions on strategic and operational business decisions. These labor laws and consultation procedures might limit our flexibility to pursue new obligations or technologies, our ability to react in rapidly changing market conditions and our capacity to reduce our workforce if necessary. Failure by us to comply with such labor laws and consultation procedures could be held to be illegal and result in financial penalties.
The demand and, therefore, costs for skilled engineers and operators will continue to increase, also reflecting the significant demand from other industries. Continuous high demand for skilled labor and continued increases in labor costs could make it difficult for us to attract quality employees and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Any future work stoppages, disputes with employee unions or other labor-related developments or disputes, including renegotiation of agreements with unions, could result in a decrease in our production levels and adverse publicity and an increase in costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
