The demand and, therefore, costs for skilled engineers and operators will continue to increase, also reflecting the significant demand from other industries. Continuous high demand for skilled labor and continued increases in labor costs could make it difficult for us to attract quality employees and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
30
We are subject to increasingly stringent environmental rules and regulations, which may significantly increase our compliance costs and require substantial investments and under which we can incur significant liabilities.
Due to the nature of our operations, we are subject to extensive laws, regulations, directives and permitting obligations of several jurisdictions relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters. As a result, we incur and expect to continue to incur significant costs complying with these requirements. Changes in application or scope of environmental requirements applicable to us also could have a significant adverse impact. Our operations generate significant amounts of pollutants and waste, some of which are hazardous. We also use hazardous compounds in our production processes. We are subject to a variety of environmental rules and regulations, including under Swedish, Finnish and other European laws. We are obliged to investigate and clean up environmental contamination on or from our properties and to comply with stringent waste management regulations, particularly in relation to hazardous waste. We are also required to obtain and comply with environmental permits, authorizations and licenses in connection with our operations, and these permits are subject to modification and renewal by issuing authorities. We cannot assure you that we will at all times be able to operate in compliance with these laws, regulations and permits, or prevent or limit air and waste water emissions in accordance with law. Failure to comply with environmental rules and regulations can result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, the suspension of permits, requirements to curtail or suspend operations, and lawsuits by third parties. In addition, the failure to renew our permits, authorizations and licenses in a timely manner or at all could lead to required plant shutdowns. In addition, many of our facilities have a long history of industrial operations. New or previously unknown contamination or other environmental conditions may be discovered at our production plants, for which we may be required to take remedial action in the future.
There is a global trend towards stricter environmental controls and we anticipate that this trend will continue. Compliance with future laws or regulations, the imposition of more stringent requirements for licenses, permits and authorizations and stricter or new interpretation of existing environmental laws and regulations may require us to make additional capital expenditures, modify our operating practices, pay fines for breaches of such laws or regulations, and carry out additional reporting obligations. For example, we are subject to significant requirements governing air emissions and greenhouse gases, which are expected to become more stringent. We are also subject to increasingly stringent requirements governing the use and management of hazardous materials, such as the REACH Regulation, which can increase our operating costs or result in restrictions or bans on the chemicals we use or that are contained in our products.
Costs related to our compliance with environmental laws and potential obligations with respect to contaminated sites are often difficult to accurately predict and may have a significant negative impact on our operating results. Our compliance with environmental requirements necessitates a commitment of significant financial resources, including environmental compliance expenses. The imposition of liabilities pursuant to environmental laws and regulations, including as a result of violations of such laws and regulations or required permits and claims by third parties for property damage or personal injury, or required operating changes resulting from such rules, could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The environmental rules and regulations applicable to us could also place us at a competitive disadvantage in relation to engineering steel producers located outside of the European Union.
We may be materially adversely affected by regulations regarding carbon dioxide emissions, unfavorable allocation of rights to emit carbon dioxide and other air emission related issues.
Substantial quantities of carbon dioxide are released as a consequence of our operations. Compliance with existing, new or proposed regulations governing such emissions, including the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme ("ETS"), might lead to a need to reduce such greenhouse gas emissions, to purchase rights to emit from third parties, or to make other
31
