Substantial quantities of carbon dioxide are released as a consequence of our operations. Compliance with existing, new or proposed regulations governing such emissions, including the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme ("ETS"), might lead to a need to reduce such greenhouse gas emissions, to purchase rights to emit from third parties, or to make other
changes to our business or capital investments, any of which could result in significant additional costs or could reduce demand for our products. Moreover, these regulations and the enforcement of those regulations tend to become more stringent over time. To date our carbon dioxide emissions have remained well below the amount of emission allowances granted to us under relevant laws and regulations, and we have been able to benefit from intra-Group transfers of allowances. However, going forward our emissions may increase in excess of our allowances causing us significant financial penalties.
For example, under the ETS, a certain amount of emission rights was allocated free of charge to companies until the end of 2012, thereby providing a no-cost cap on the carbon dioxide emissions of their production facilities. While European Union companies, including us, received all of their emission rights free of charge during the previous trading period (2008-2012), the ETS became more restrictive in the current trading period (2013-2020). From 2013 onwards, manufacturing companies generally have to purchase a steadily increasing amount of emission rights. Both the cap on total annual emissions in the European Union and the amount of emission rights allocated at no cost are gradually reduced by 2020. In the event that we do not receive sufficient carbon leakage protection, or are not otherwise allocated a sufficient amount of emission rights in the future, including free emission rights, our costs will significantly increase. Such costs are also dependent on the price of emission allowances, which currently is expected to increase. As a result, we may not be able to produce products that are competitive in terms of price, which would place us at a competitive disadvantage against companies not subject to the ETS. In addition, we are a significant purchaser of energy. Existing, new and proposed regulations relating to the emission of carbon dioxide by our energy suppliers could result in materially increased energy costs for our operations and we may be unable to pass along these increased energy costs to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, depending upon whether similar limitations are imposed globally, the regulations and legislation could negatively impact our ability to compete with foreign steel companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations.
Measures to reduce carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions that could directly or indirectly affect us or our suppliers are currently being developed or may be developed in the future. These existing and possible new regulations regarding carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions, especially a revised ETS or a successor to the Kyoto Protocol under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our operations expose our employees to risk of injury or death. Health and safety laws, regulations and other legislation may increase our costs of doing business, restrict our operations, or result in the application of fines, revocation of permits and shutdown of our facilities.
We are required to comply with occupational health and safety laws and regulations, including, in Finland and Sweden where our operations are subject to periodic inspections by the relevant governmental authorities. These laws and regulations govern, among others: work place conditions, worker training, use of safety equipment, workers insurance coverage, and the handling, storage and disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous substances. New regulations that may be applicable to us in the future could increase our operating costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The manufacture and distribution of our products is an inherently dangerous activity which involves substantial risks and our workers are subject to accidents, some of which may result in injuries or death. We may not at all times be in full compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to us. Any violation of such laws or regulations could result in lengthy investigations, substantial fines, criminal sanctions, temporary or permanent shutdown of the affected
32
operations or facilities, the suspension or revocation of authorizations, permits or licenses, a decline in worker motivation and damage to our reputation.
