According to the remuneration policy adopted by the Board of Directors in November 2011, remuneration to the C E O and other key manage ment personnel shall comprise base salary, any variable pay components and other benefits such as car and pension benefits. Key management personnel are members of group management in addition to the CEO.
Variable pay components are limited to 75% of base salary and must be based on outcomes in relation to quantifiable, predefined objectives that support long-term growth in value. Variable pay components will not be treated as pensionable income, other than as required by the rules of a general pension plan (such as the Swedish IT P plan). In respect of key management personnel outside Sweden, all or part of the variable component may be treated as pensionable income according to law or local market practices.
Key management personnel are required to give six months' notice of resignation. Upon termination of employment by the company, the sum total of the period of notice and the period during which severance pay is distributed is limited to 24 months. Any remuneration from future employers will be deducted from severance pay. The age of retirement is 65. Pension benefits will be contribution based and the expense limited to 35% of base salary.
Equity or share-based incentive programmes shall be subject to adop tion by the Board of Directors or, where applicable, the annual general meeting. Departures from the remuneration policy are subject to Board approval.
Remuneration to the CEo Tom Erixon was paid salary and other employee benefits by the company totalling EU R 625 (438) thousand.
Compensation is resolved and paid in SEK. Variable pay may amount to a maximum of 75% of base salary.
Upon termination of employment by the company, remuneration will be paid for a maximum of 20 months. The age of retirement for the C EO is 65. Pension benefits are a defined contribution plan and equal 35% of base salary. The pension benefits expense amounted to EU R 186 (131) thousand.
Remuneration to group management (excluding the CEO) Group management is composed of 8 (8) individuals in addition to the C E O and is shown on Page 58. Members ofgroup management excluding the C EO were paid salary and other employee benefits by the company totalling EU R 2,131 (2,721) thousand during the year. The annual cost for the previous year included provisions of EU R 791 thousand for sever ance pay to individuals who left group management during 2011.
Variable pay is limited to 75% of base salary. Upon termination of employment by the company, remuneration will be paid for a maximum o f 24 months. The age o f retirement is 62-65. Pension benefits are paid in accordance with the IT P plan or are defined contribution plans at 25 35% o f base salary.
