32
Despite our efforts to monitor and reduce accidents at our facilities, health and safety incidents do occur, some of which may result in the death of a worker in addition to costs, liabilities and a negative impact on worker motivation and our reputation or the operations of the affected plant. Such accidents could include explosions, gas leaks, fires, exposure to potentially hazardous materials or other accidents such as occurred in December 2013 at the steel mill in Smedjebacken, Sweden and claimed the life of an employee. Some of our industrial activities may involve the use, storage and transport of hazardous substances, and we are therefore subject to the risk of industrial accidents which could have significant adverse consequences for our workers and facilities, as well as the environment. Such accidents could lead to production stoppages, loss of key personnel, the loss of key assets, or put our workers at risk or persons living near affected sites. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our current and past operations involve the use of, and risk of exposure to, toxic or hazardous substances.
Our steel operations use, and have in the past used, certain hazardous substances, such as hexavalent chromium in plating operations and asbestos-containing materials in building components. Certain of our workers and the workers of other companies and service providers, both current and former have, or may have, worked under circumstances that exposed them to hazardous substances. As with most steel production plants, asbestos was used and is still present in certain building materials and equipment at our production plants. Persons exposed to hazardous materials may have developed, or may allege to have developed, specific pathologies from such exposure, which may result in claims against us for compensation. Judgments against us in relation to asbestos or other hazardous substance exposure litigation brought against us in the future may result in substantial monetary damages being awarded against us and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Adverse results in material litigation may significantly endanger our ability to run our business.
We have been involved, and may be involved in the future, in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In the case of employee-related matters, these claims include wrongful termination and employment-related injuries, among other claims. Customer-related claims include claims related to performance and quality of our products, among other claims.
These or future proceedings may result in substantial monetary damages, damage to our reputation and decreased demand for our products, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures and may not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
We maintain customary insurance with respect to property, casualty and products liability, and other matters, but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. We may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental compliance or remediation. There can be no assurance that any insurance would be available on a timely basis or adequate to completely reimburse our losses that we might sustain. In the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, if at all, and our premiums may increase significantly on the coverage that we maintain. If we were to experience another fire or any other destructive event, our insurance may not completely reimburse us for the reconstruction of our facilities or forgone profits and our insurance costs could increase significantly.
