v
Austria. The Notes may be offered and sold in the Republic of Austria only in compliance with the Austrian Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) as amended (the "Austrian Capital Markets Act") and applicable European Union legislation. This offering memorandum has not been approved under the Austrian Capital Markets Act or the Directive 2003/71/EC, and accordingly the Notes may not be offered publicly in Austria.
Belgium. The Notes are not offered, directly or indirectly, to the public in Belgium. The Notes are being offered in Belgium to qualified investors only, within the meaning of Article 3, §2,a) and 10 of the Belgian law of June 16, 2006 on the public offering of securities and admission of securities to trading on a regulated market ("Belgian Prospectus Law") and/or on the basis of the other exemptions set out in Article 3, §2 of the Belgian Prospectus Law. Accordingly, this offering memorandum has not been and will not be notified to, or approved by, the Belgian banking, finance and insurance commission (Commissie voor het bank-, financieen assurantiewezen/ Commission bancaire, financiere et des assurances). This Offering cannot be advertised and this offering memorandum and any other information, circular, brochure or similar documents may not be distributed, directly or indirectly, in Belgium other than to said qualified investors or, as the case may be, other than on the basis of the other exemptions set out in Article 3, §2 of the Belgian Prospectus Law.
Denmark. This offering memorandum will not be registered with and has not been approved by or otherwise published by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority, the Danish Securities Council or the Danish Commerce and Companies Agency under the relevant Danish acts and regulations. The Notes have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with chapter 6 of the Danish Securities Trading Act and Executive Orders, including Executive Order no 223 of March 10, 2010 issued pursuant thereto from time to time.
Finland. This offering memorandum does not constitute a public offer or an advertisement of securities to the public in the Republic of Finland. The Notes will not and may not be offered, sold, advertised or otherwise marketed in Finland under circumstances that would constitute a public offering of securities under Finnish law. Any offer or sale of the Securities in Finland will be made pursuant to a private placement exemption as defined under Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (2012/746, Arvopaperimarkkinalaki) and any regulation made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. This offering memorandum has not been approved by or dispatched to the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.
France. This offering memorandum has not been prepared in the context of a public offering in France within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the Code monetaire et financier and has not been admitted to the clearance procedure of the Autorite des marches financiers. Consequently, the Notes may not be, directly or indirectly, offered or sold to the public in France and neither this offering memorandum nor any other offering material may be distributed or caused to be distributed, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions will only be made in France to providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour le compte de tiers) and/or to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifies) and/or to a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs) each acting for their own accounts, as defined in and in accordance with Articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2 and D. 411-1 to 411-4 of the Code monetaire et financier.
vi
Germany. The Offering is not a public offering in the Federal Republic of Germany. The Notes may only be offered, sold and acquired in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Prospectus Act of the Federal Republic of Germany (De. Wertpapierprospektgesetz--WpPG), as amended (the "Securities Prospectus Act"), the Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 of April 29, 2004, as amended, and any other applicable German law. No application has been made under German law to permit a public offer of Notes in the Federal Republic of Germany. This Offering Memorandum has not been approved for purposes of a public offer of the Notes, and accordingly the Notes may not be, and are not being, offered or advertised publicly or by public promotion in Germany. Therefore, this offering memorandum is strictly for private use and the offer is only being made to recipients to whom the document is personally addressed and does not constitute an offer or advertisement to the public. The Notes will only be available to and this offering memorandum and any other offering material in relation to the Notes is directed only at persons who are qualified investors (qualifizierte Anleger) within the meaning of Section 2, No. 6 of the Securities Prospectus Act. Any resale of the Notes in Germany may only be made in accordance with the Securities Prospectus Act and other applicable laws.
Grand Duchy o f Luxembourg. This offering memorandum has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the Luxembourg competent authority) for purposes of public offering or sale of the Notes in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold to the public in Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, directly or indirectly, and neither this offering memorandum nor any other circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other material may be distributed, or otherwise made available in or from, or published in, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg except for the sole purpose of the admission to trading of the Notes on the Euro MTF and to listing of the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or where the offer benefits from an exemption to or constitutes a transaction otherwise not subject to the requirement to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Luxembourg law of July 10, 2005 on prospectuses for securities, as amended, and implementing the Prospectus Directive.
