The insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures and may not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
33
Our products are used in safety-critical applications involving intense end-use conditions and high performance requirements, such as in the automotive and transportation industry. If our products fail and cause injury or death to customers or third-party, we may be subject to significant money damages. We have product liability insurance coverage, which may not be sufficient to cover all or any money damages. Accordingly, a major claim or a series of smaller claims for damages related to our products sold or customized steel grades, or advice given to customers in connection with products sold, may not be fully covered by insurance, or may not be covered by insurance at all.
Any insurance claims present a risk of protracted litigation, substantial money damages, reputational damages, attorneys' fees, costs and expenses and diversion of management's attention from the operation of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We may incur additional liabilities in connection with our pension plans.
In certain countries, we have pension plans under which we have an obligation to provide agreed benefits to current and former employees. See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results o f operations--Pension Insurance Line". Our pension obligations under defined benefit plans may be significantly affected by changes in the discount rate, the expected return on the plans' assets, the rate of increase in salaries and pension contributions, changes in demographic variables or other events and circumstances. Changes to local legislation and regulation relating to defined benefit plan funding requirements may result in significant deviations in the timing and size of the expected cash contributions under such plans. In addition, the Original Pension Insurance Line that we will have entered on or prior to the issuance of the Notes (and any Additional Pension Insurance Line that we may enter into after the issuance of the Notes) is intended to pay our pension liabilities in the event we become insolvent and contains restrictions on our ability to engage in certain activities. We cannot assure you that the Pension Insurance Line will be available or adequate to satisfy our pension obligations. We may incur additional liabilities relating to our pension plans, and these additional liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We are directly and indirectly controlled by investment funds affiliated with Triton, and their interests as equity holders may conflict with yours as a creditor.
We are an affiliate of, and are controlled by, Triton. The interests of Triton may not always be aligned with yours. For example, our equity holders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions, that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investment, even though these transactions might involve risks to the holders of the Notes if the transactions resulted in us being more highly leveraged or if they significantly changed the nature of our business operations or strategy. In addition, if we encounter financial difficulties, or if we are unable to pay our debts as they mature, the interests of our equity holders might conflict with those of the holders of the Notes. In that situation, for example, the holders of the Notes might want us to raise additional equity to reduce our leverage and pay our debts, while our equity holders might not want to increase their investment in us or have their ownership diluted and instead choose to take other actions, such as selling our assets. Furthermore, Triton has no continuing obligation to provide us with debt or equity financing. Additionally, Triton is in the business of making investments in companies and currently holds, and may from time to time in the future acquire, controlling interests in businesses engaged in industries that complement or directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business. Further, if Triton pursues acquisitions in the steel industry, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So long as Triton continues to directly and indirectly own a significant amount of our equity, it may continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our business decisions.
34
