We are an affiliate of, and are controlled by, Triton. The interests of Triton may not always be aligned with yours. For example, our equity holders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions, that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investment, even though these transactions might involve risks to the holders of the Notes if the transactions resulted in us being more highly leveraged or if they significantly changed the nature of our business operations or strategy. In addition, if we encounter financial difficulties, or if we are unable to pay our debts as they mature, the interests of our equity holders might conflict with those of the holders of the Notes. In that situation, for example, the holders of the Notes might want us to raise additional equity to reduce our leverage and pay our debts, while our equity holders might not want to increase their investment in us or have their ownership diluted and instead choose to take other actions, such as selling our assets. Furthermore, Triton has no continuing obligation to provide us with debt or equity financing. Additionally, Triton is in the business of making investments in companies and currently holds, and may from time to time in the future acquire, controlling interests in businesses engaged in industries that complement or directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business. Further, if Triton pursues acquisitions in the steel industry, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So long as Triton continues to directly and indirectly own a significant amount of our equity, it may continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our business decisions.
Future acquisitions, investments or divestitures may adversely affect our financial condition.
As part of our strategy we may in the future attempt to pursue acquisitions, investments, divestitures or strategic alliances, which may not be completed or, if completed, may not ultimately be beneficial to us. There are numerous risks commonly encountered in business combinations, including the risk that we may not be able to complete a transaction that has been announced, effectively integrate and operate businesses acquired, assume unanticipated liabilities or generate the cost savings and synergies anticipated. Such failures could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, the process of pursuing such transactions, whether or not consummated, may divert management's attention from the day-to day operation of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may be subject to liabilities and costs associated with our intellectual property.
We rely on trademarks to protect our brand name and patents to protect our inventions. Many of these trademarks are important to our business, and many of our patents protect key innovations. We believe that our intellectual property has significant value and is important to the marketing of our products and maintaining our competitive advantage. The steps we have taken or will take to protect our intellectual property may not provide adequate protection, and third parties may infringe our intellectual property, and we may not have adequate resources to enforce our intellectual property. In addition, our intellectual property may violate the proprietary rights of others, may not be upheld if challenged, we may be prevented from using any of them, any of which occurrences could harm our business. Loss of trademark protection would force us to rebrand our products and services, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Loss of patent protection could require us to abandon key processes or products that drive our profitability. Further, any claims of trademark or patent infringement may require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreement in order to obtain the right to use a third-party's intellectual property, which may not be available to us on terms acceptable to us.
Trade tariffs and barriers may adversely affect our operations and financial results.
Western Europe and the Nordics are our most significant markets. Trade barriers with Russia where one of our key competitors is located, were recently eliminated, which could have a material impact on our sales. If tariffs or barriers to trade with other non-European Union member states were reduced or eliminated, our sales could be materially affected. Political or other developments can affect trade policies and it is impossible to predict such changes. Adverse trade regulations in any of our markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We have been, and will continue to be, exposed to trade and pricing practices by competitors. Several countries, including Russia, also grant direct and indirect subsidies to companies active in local steel industries. For example, Russia imposes restrictions on the export of scrap metal, which has allowed our Russian based competitors to take advantage of lower scrap metal prices and sell products similar to ours at a lower price. The pricing advantage enjoyed by these producers on their subsidized products may impair or eliminate our ability to compete with such producers, enter new markets or expand in our existing markets, such as Russia. This and other practices may further impair our profitability to the extent subsidized steel products are produced in or exported into our core markets. Unfair trade and pricing practices or subsidies may also lead to increased supply in certain markets, resulting in increased price competition. Trade tariffs and barriers could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Delinquent or non-collectible payments by our customers could adversely affect us.
