INDEPENDENT AUDiTOR'S REPORT
To the annual general meeting of shareholders in ovako Group AB, org. nr 556813-5361
Report on the annual accounts and consolidated financialstatements We have audited the accompanying annual accounts and consolidated financial statements of Ovako Group A B for the financial year ending 31 December 2012. The formal annual accounts and consolidated financial statements are included on pages 23-55 of the printed version of this document.
The responsibility o f the Board o f Directors and the CEO for the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements The Board of Directors and the C E O are responsible for the prepara tion and fair presentation of the annual accounts in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the E U and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors and the C E O determine are necessary to enable the preparation of annual accounts and consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The auditor's responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We have conducted the audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted auditing practices in Sweden. These standards require us to comply with standards of professional ethic and that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance that the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves obtaining audit evidence by means ofvarious proce dures about the amounts and other disclosures in the annual accounts and the consolidated financial statements. The auditor selects which procedures to perform, in part based on assessment of the risk of material misstatement in the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements, whether caused by fraud or error. In the course o f this risk assessment, the auditor considers the components of internal control relevant to the company's preparation and fair presentation of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropri ate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness o f the accounting policies applied and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the Board of Directors and the C EO , as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the annual accounts and the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate as a basis for our audit opinion.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and provide a fair presenta tion, in all material respects, of the financial position of the group at 31 December 2012 and of its financial results and cash flows, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU and the Annual Accounts Act. The statutory Board of Directors' Report is consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts and the consoli dated financial statements.
We therefore recommend that the annual meeting of shareholders adopt the income statements and balance sheets for the parent company and the group.
