We have been, and will continue to be, exposed to trade and pricing practices by competitors. Several countries, including Russia, also grant direct and indirect subsidies to companies active in local steel industries. For example, Russia imposes restrictions on the export of scrap metal, which has allowed our Russian based competitors to take advantage of lower scrap metal prices and sell products similar to ours at a lower price. The pricing advantage enjoyed by these producers on their subsidized products may impair or eliminate our ability to compete with such producers, enter new markets or expand in our existing markets, such as Russia. This and other practices may further impair our profitability to the extent subsidized steel products are produced in or exported into our core markets. Unfair trade and pricing practices or subsidies may also lead to increased supply in certain markets, resulting in increased price competition. Trade tariffs and barriers could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Many of our customers have shared the financial and operational challenges faced by us during the dramatic recession that began in the fall of 2008 and the slow and uneven European and
35
global economic recovery that has followed. If economic conditions deteriorated, it could lead to financial difficulties or even bankruptcy filings by our customers. In consequence, our customers may not pay at all, or on untimely basis, for our products. In the future, we may experience a higher than normal level of delayed non-payments by our customers. Accordingly, the inability or limited ability of our customers to pay for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax position could adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions.
We have operations in Sweden, Finland, Germany and other jurisdictions. From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax position, including our effective tax rate or tax payments. European and other international tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. We often rely on generally available interpretations of tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We cannot be sure that these interpretations are accurate or that the responsible tax authority is in agreement with our views. If our tax positions are challenged by relevant tax authorities, the imposition of additional taxes could cause us to have to pay taxes that we currently do not collect or pay or increase the costs of our products or services to track and collect such taxes, which could increase our costs of operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results.
Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Because of inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, we cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our internal controls in the future, nor can we assure you that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures will not deteriorate. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement or that constitute material weaknesses. A material weakness is a control deficiency or combination of control deficiencies that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Any failure to remediate any future material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting or to implement and maintain effective internal controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to timely meet our reporting obligations, result in material misstatements in our financial statements, or could result in defaults under the Revolving Credit Facility or any Pension Insurance Line, the Indenture or any other debt instruments we may enter into in the future. Deficiencies in our internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information.
Our compliance controls and procedures may not be sufficient to prevent or discover violations of anti-corruption and anti-fraud laws or group-wide policies.
