The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and provide a fair presenta tion, in all material respects, of the financial position of the group at 31 December 2012 and of its financial results and cash flows, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU and the Annual Accounts Act. The statutory Board of Directors' Report is consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts and the consoli dated financial statements.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements In addition to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements, we have also examined the proposed disposition of the com pany's profit or loss and the administration of the Board o f Directors and the C E O of Ovako Group AB for the financial year ending 31 December 2012.
Responsibility o f the Board o f Directors and the CEO The Board o f Directors is responsible for preparing the proposed disposi tion of the company's profit or loss, and it is the Board of Directors and the C E O that are responsible for management of the company under the Swedish Companies Act.
The auditor's responsibility Our responsibility is to an express an opinion with reasonable assurance on the proposed disposition of the company's profit or loss and the man agement of the company, based on our audit. We have conducted the audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden.
As a basis for our opinion on the Board of Directors' proposed dis position of the company's profit or loss, we have examined whether the proposal is in conformity with the Companies Act.
As a basis for our opinion concerning discharge from liability, in addition to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements, we have examined significant decisions, actions taken and circumstances of the company in order to be able to determine whether any director or the C E O are liable to the company. We have also exam ined whether any director or the C E O have, in any other way, acted in contravention of the Companies Act, the Annual Accounts Act or the Articles ofAssociation.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate as a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and provide a fair presentation, in all material respects, of the financial position of the parent company at 31 December 2012 and o f its financial results and cash flows for the year ended on that date, in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act.
Opinion We recommend that the annual meeting o f shareholders resolve to allocate profit as proposed in the Board of Directors'report and discharge the directors and the C E O from liability for the financial year.
