Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Because of inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, we cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our internal controls in the future, nor can we assure you that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures will not deteriorate. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement or that constitute material weaknesses. A material weakness is a control deficiency or combination of control deficiencies that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Any failure to remediate any future material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting or to implement and maintain effective internal controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to timely meet our reporting obligations, result in material misstatements in our financial statements, or could result in defaults under the Revolving Credit Facility or any Pension Insurance Line, the Indenture or any other debt instruments we may enter into in the future. Deficiencies in our internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information.
We are exposed to the risks of corruption and fraud both internally and externally. Our operations are large in scale, which may make fraudulent or accidental transactions difficult to detect. In addition, some countries in which we operate are rated by NGOs, such as Transparency International as having a high level of corruption and related practices, including acceptance of kickbacks, bribes, facilitation payments or other illegal gains or benefits by customers or authorities. While we have a code of conduct and other compliance measures to prevent any unlawful activities, the code of conduct and other internal policies and procedures may not be sufficient to protect against corrupt or fraudulent activities. In addition, we may not always be able to detect corrupt or unethical practices by employees or agents. If our employees or our agents violate applicable anti-corruption laws or similar rules relating to the aforementioned practices, we may be required to pay damages or fines and could risk losing necessary licenses. Additionally, the involvement of our employees or our agents in fraudulent or corrupt practices
36
could harm our reputation and lead to the loss of customers. Any such event occurring could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our IT systems and networks may be subject to security threats and sophisticated computer crime.
We rely upon IT systems and networks in connection with a variety of business activities. In addition, we collect and store sensitive data. In the event the our IT systems becomes unusable or are significantly impaired for any reason during an extended period of time, our operations may be adversely affected since the manufacturing process as well as the ability to deliver products at the appointed time, order raw materials and handle inventory are largely dependent on our IT systems. Difficulties in maintaining, upgrading and integrating these systems may result in damage to our reputation, increased costs, and reduced profitability. In addition, any problems with IT systems could result in leakage of sensitive information, theft of intellectual property and unavailability of production systems, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In recent years, there has been an increase in both the number and sophistication of IT security threats and computer crimes in the general business world though not at Ovako. These IT security threats and increasingly sophisticated computer crimes, including advanced persistent threats, pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Although we have taken, and intend to continue to take, what we believe are appropriate and reasonable steps to prevent security breaches in our systems and networks, a failure of or breach in security could expose us to risks of production downtimes and operations disruptions, misuse of information or systems, or the compromising of confidential information, which in turn could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our reputation is one of our key assets and if that reputation is harmed, our business and results of operations may suffer.
We are exposed to the risk of negative publicity, press speculation and threatened or actual legal proceedings concerning our business, which may harm our reputation. Any damage to our reputation could cause existing customers to terminate their relationship with us or prevent us from winning new contracts. Any of these negative effects could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
