· it cannot pay its debts as they become due.
38
of a finding that a fraudulent conveyance occurred, you may cease to have any claim in respect of the relevant Guarantor and would be a creditor solely of the Issuer and, if applicable, of the other Guarantors under any Guarantees that have not been declared void.
Additionally, any future pledge of Collateral in favor of the Security Agent, including pursuant to Security Documents delivered after the date of the Indenture, might be avoidable by the security provider (as debtor-in-possession) or by its trustee in bankruptcy (or similar officer) if certain events or circumstances exist or occur, including, among others, if the security provider is insolvent at the time of the pledge, the pledge permits the holders of the Notes to receive a greater recovery than if the pledge had not been given and a bankruptcy proceeding in respect of the security provider is commenced within three months following the pledge, or in certain circumstances, a longer period.
In order to receive the benefit of a security interest, the secured creditors must hold secured claims (i.e., the secured party and the creditor have to be the same person).
In addition, under the terms of the Indenture, we will be permitted in the future to incur additional indebtedness and other obligations that may share in the liens on the Collateral securing the Notes and the liens on the collateral securing our other secured debt. The granting of new security interests may require the releasing and retaking of security or otherwise create new hardening periods in certain jurisdictions. The applicable hardening period for these new security interests will run from the moment each new security interest has been granted or perfected. At each time, if the security interest granted or recreated were to be enforced before the end of the respective hardening period applicable in such jurisdiction, it may be declared void or ineffective and it may not be possible to enforce it.
Further, certain security documents governing security interests granted by the Guarantors will provide that the amounts guaranteed by such security interests will be limited to the extent of the amount guaranteed by such Guarantor. Therefore, limitations in the guarantees will also serve to limit the amounts guaranteed by the pledges of Collateral.
Further, the Guarantees and the Collateral, or the enforcement thereof, will be subject to certain contractual or other limitations or subordinated under German or other applicable law. The enforcement of the Guarantees and the Collateral will be limited to the extent that the granting of such Guarantees and the Collateral is not in the corporate interest of the relevant guarantor or provider of security, would be in breach of capital maintenance or thin capitalization rules or any other general statutory laws or that the burden of such Guarantee or Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees exceed the benefit to the relevant guarantor or provider of security. In particular, contractual limits may be applicable to certain Guarantees or Collateral to the extent the granting of such Guarantee or enforcement of relevant Collateral would result in a breach of capital maintenance rules or other statutory laws or would cause the directors of any Guarantor or provider of Collateral to contravene their duties to incur civil or criminal liability or to contravene any legal prohibition.
In addition, under German law, a secured party is obligated to release security if the value of the security is materially higher than the value of the obligations secured by such security. Consequently, the agreements governed by German law granting security will provide that the Security Agent will, upon the security grantor's request, release all or part of the security granted insofar as (i) the estimated aggregate value (De. Schatzwert) of the security exceeds, on a permanent basis, the secured obligations by more than 50% plus value added tax or (ii) if ascertainable, the realizable aggregate value (De. realisierbarer Wert) of such security exceeds, on a permanent basis, the secured obligations by more than 10% plus value added tax.
