F-79
CORPORATE INFORMATION Triako Midco AB (registration number 556813-5361) is owned by Triako Holdco AB (registration number 556813-5379). Triako Holdco AB is the group's Swedish parent company and was founded by the pri vate equity firm Triton on 1 July 2010 in Stockholm. Triako Holdco AB is wholly owned by Oven Luxco Sarl, Luxembourg. The Triton III fund directly and indirectly controls 83.14% of equity in the Ovako group.
The registered address of both Triako Holdco AB and Triako Midco AB is Box 5013, 194 61 Upplands Väsby, Sweden. Consolidated finan cial statements are also prepared for Triako Holdco AB.
The object of the company's business is to own and manage shares in other companies that develop, manufacture and sell steel products and to engage in related business.
On 2 July 2010, Triako Holdco AB formed two holding companies, Triako Midco AB and Triako AB (which was subsequently renamed Ovako AB). On 29 September 2010, Ovako AB acquired all shares in the Swedish companies Ovako Bar AB, Ovako Bright Bar AB, Ovako Hofors A B and Ovako Tube & Ring A B from Ovako Holdings AB (owned by Ovako Holdings BV/the Pampus family in Germany). On 7 July 2010, Ovako AB formed a holding company,Triako Finco AB, which on 20 August 2010 formed a Finnish holding company,Triako Finco Oy, which was subsequently renamed Ovako Finland Oy. Ovako Finland Oy acquired all shares in Ovako Imatra Oy AB (formerly Ovako Bar Oy AB) from Ovako Holdings AB on 29 September 2010. The cost of all shares in the Ovako companies was EU R 131 million.
The aforementioned companies and subsidiaries thereof comprise the Ovako group. Disclosures about all subsidiaries are provided in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.
The Ovako transaction was finalised on 29 September 2010, at which point Triako Holdco AB obtained control over the acquired companies. The comparative figures for 2010 in the consolidated income statement reflect net profit for Triako Midco AB for 2 July - 31 December 2010 and for its acquired subsidiaries for 29 September - 31 December 2010.
Previously the Swedish krona, the functional currency of the parent was changed to the euro (EUR) effective 1January 2011. The euro is the presentation currency for the group. Assets and liabilities are measured on a historical cost basis except for items measured under IFR Ss at fair value, as explained in the accounting policies outlined below.
Effective 1 January 2011, all holding companies and larger Swedish subsidiaries of the group have adopted the euro as the functional curren cy.The change was forward-looking. The majority of sales are transacted in euro and the prices of underlying purchases of materials, such as scrap and alloys, are set in global or European markets. The real functional cur rency of such raw materials is thus USD or EUR, even though the actual price may be determined in local currency. These purchases thus hedge inflows in EU R and USD. In addition, the acquisition and the credit facilities established in 2010 were also denominated in euro, whichjusti fies the change to euro as the functional currency because cash outflows from financing function as hedges of expected net cash inflows in euro. The change to euro as functional currency also ameliorates the effect of finance income and costs on profit and equity arising from movements in the SE K /E U R exchange rate.
