Previously the Swedish krona, the functional currency of the parent was changed to the euro (EUR) effective 1January 2011. The euro is the presentation currency for the group. Assets and liabilities are measured on a historical cost basis except for items measured under IFR Ss at fair value, as explained in the accounting policies outlined below.
On 8 May 2012, the Board of Directors authorised publication of the annual report and consolidated financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2011. The consolidated and parent company financial statements will be presented to the annual general meeting for adoption on 15 May 2012.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Consolidated financial statements Basis o f preparation The consolidated financial statements for the 2011 financial year have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union (EU) for the financial year beginning 1 January 2011. Recommendation RFR 1 Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups issued by the Swedish Financial Reporting Board has also been applied.
The financial statements are presented in euro (EUR) rounded to the nearest million. All individual figures (including subtotals and totals) are rounded to the nearest million. From the presentation perspective, individual figures may therefore precisely reflect their sum totals.
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis unless otherwise explained in the accounting policies.
Uncertainty related to judgements, estimates and assumptions The preparation of the financial statements requires management to makejudgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as other disclosures.
Estimates and related assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors believed to represent the best available parameters for measuring assets and liabilities. Actual outcomes may differ from the estimates. The estimates and judgements discussed in this section are those judged most important to understanding the group's financial statements.
Impairment testing
The carrying amounts of the group's non-current assets are tested to determine whether there is any indication of impairment loss when events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amount will not be recovered. The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is measured as the discounted present value of future cash flows expected to arise from the asset or the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs. No indications of impairment in the group's non-current assets were found during the financial year. There is no goodwill recognised in the consolidated balance sheet.
