CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Equity holdings in subsidiaries have been eliminated using the acqui sition method. The financial statements of group companies are incor porated in the consolidated financial statements as of the date the group obtains control over the acquiree until such control ceases. Intra-group transactions, receivables, liabilities, unrealised gains and intra-group dividends are eliminated in full. Unrealised losses are eliminated only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment loss.
Associates are companies in which the Ovako group holds more than 20% ofvoting rights or over which the group otherwise has significant but not controlling influence. At the end of the year, Ovako had one as sociate in which the equity interest exceeded 20%. Investments in associ ates are accounted for using the equity method. The share of the profits or losses of associates is recognised in profit or loss and the share of total equity constitutes the value of the investment in the balance sheet.
Foreign currency translation
Transactions are recorded in the functional currency of the respective unit. The functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment (determined e.g. through the prices of its goods and ser vices) in which group companies operate.
Transactions in foreign currencies (other than the functional cur rency) are translated at the exchange rate in effect at transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the closing rate. Exchange gains and losses arising upon translation are recognised in profit and loss. Exchange gains and losses related to trade receivables or trade payables are treated as adjustments to the respective item and included in operating profit or loss. Exchange differences related to financing are included in finance income and expense. Non-monetary items are translated to the rate in effect at transaction date.
In the consolidated financial statements, the income statements of foreign subsidiaries have been translated to EU R at the average rate for the reporting period. The balance sheets of subsidiaries have been trans lated to EU R at the closing rate. Foreign currency translation differences arising from translations of income statements and balance sheets are recognised in a foreign currency translation reserve, which is a separate component of equity. Foreign currency translation differences arising from the translation of net investments in foreign subsidiaries are also transferred to the translation reserve via other comprehensive income.
The exchange rates used in the consolidated financial statements for translations of the balance sheets and income statements of subsidiaries are:
Closing rate:
