Further, the Guarantees and the Collateral, or the enforcement thereof, will be subject to certain contractual or other limitations or subordinated under German or other applicable law. The enforcement of the Guarantees and the Collateral will be limited to the extent that the granting of such Guarantees and the Collateral is not in the corporate interest of the relevant guarantor or provider of security, would be in breach of capital maintenance or thin capitalization rules or any other general statutory laws or that the burden of such Guarantee or Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees exceed the benefit to the relevant guarantor or provider of security. In particular, contractual limits may be applicable to certain Guarantees or Collateral to the extent the granting of such Guarantee or enforcement of relevant Collateral would result in a breach of capital maintenance rules or other statutory laws or would cause the directors of any Guarantor or provider of Collateral to contravene their duties to incur civil or criminal liability or to contravene any legal prohibition.
The insolvency laws of Sweden, Finland and Germany may not be as favorable to you as U.S. bankruptcy laws and may preclude holders of the Notes from recovering payments due on the Notes.
The Issuer is a public limited liability company established under the laws of Sweden, and certain of the Guarantors are established under the laws of Sweden, Finland and Germany.
39
Consequently, in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer or any of the Guarantors, insolvency proceedings with respect to the Issuer or the Guarantors would most likely be based on and governed by the insolvency laws of the jurisdiction under which the relevant entity is established. The insolvency laws of Sweden, Finland and Germany may be less favorable to your interests as creditor than the bankruptcy laws of the United States or another jurisdiction with which you may be familiar, particularly with respect to the priority of creditors, the ability to obtain post-petition interest and the duration of the insolvency proceedings. The application of these laws, and any conflict between them, may limit your ability to recover payments due on the Notes to an extent exceeding the limitations arising under other insolvency laws. See "Certain insolvency law considerations and limitations on validity and enforceability o f the guarantees and security interests".
Enforcing your rights as a holder of Notes or under the Guarantees or security across multiple jurisdictions may prove difficult.
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Sweden and certain of the Guarantors are incorporated or organized under the laws of Sweden, Finland and Germany. The Collateral includes the shares of certain of our subsidiaries incorporated under the laws of these jurisdictions. In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event, proceedings could be initiated in Sweden, Finland and Germany. Such multijurisdictional proceedings are likely to be complex and costly for creditors and otherwise may result in greater uncertainty and delay regarding the enforcement of your rights. Your rights under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Collateral will be subject to the insolvency and administrative laws of several jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that you will be able to effectively enforce your rights in such complex, multiple bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings. The multijurisdictional nature of enforcement over the Collateral may limit the realizable value of the Collateral. The validity of the Collateral may be subject to challenge and Collateral may be set aside in insolvency proceedings. See "Certain insolvency law considerations and limitations on validity and enforceability o f the guarantees and security interests".
Moreover, in certain jurisdictions, it is unclear whether all security interests in the Collateral give the Security Agent a right to prevent other creditors from foreclosing on and realizing the Collateral or whether certain security interests only give the Security Agent priority in the distribution of any proceeds of such realization. Accordingly, the Security Agent and holders of the Notes may not be able to avoid foreclosure by other creditors (including unsecured creditors) on the Collateral. See "Certain insolvency law considerations and limitations on validity and enforceability o f the guarantees and security interests".
You may be unable to recover in civil proceedings for U.S. securities laws violations.
