Property, plant and equipment Items of property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost adjusted for cumulative depreciation and impairment, if any. Borrowing costs directly attributable to the asset are capitalised as a component of cost if the time required to bring the asset to working condition for its intended use or sale is material. In accordance with Ovako's definitions, borrowing costs are capitalised for capital expenditures amounting to at least EU R 20 million and which are expected to take at least 12 months to complete. There were no capital expenditures in 2011 (2010: none) for which borrowing costs were capitalised.
related overheads. To the extent assets consist of components with material differences in useful lives, they are depreciated separately using `component depreciation'. Expenditures for major repairs and maintenance are included in the carrying amount of the asset and depreciated over the remaining useful life to the extent they increase the economic benefit derived from the asset. Customary expenditures for repairs and maintenance are recognised as an expense as incurred.
Items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset to an estimated residual value.
Estimated useful lives: Buildings Process machinery and equipment Computers Other machinery and equipment
10-40 years 15-20 years 3-5 years 3-10 years
Residual values and estimated useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each reporting date. If they differ materially from earlier estimates, they are adjusted to the new estimate.
Capital gains or losses arising from the disposal of items of prop erty, plant and equipment are recognised in other operating income or expense.
Government grants and comparable assistance Government grants and comparable assistance are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which the underlying expenses are incurred. The group received no significant government grants during the reporting period.
Group companies that are parties to the EU emission trading scheme have been allotted emissions credits with no performance requirements attached.
