Government grants and comparable assistance Government grants and comparable assistance are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which the underlying expenses are incurred. The group received no significant government grants during the reporting period.
Intangible assets Ovako's intangible assets comprise mainly software, licences, trademarks and comparable rights. These intangible assets are recognised in the bal ance sheet at cost less cumulative amortisation and impairment losses.
Intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset to an estimated residual value.
The estimated useful life of intangible assets is normally between 5 and 10 years.
Emission credits have not been capitalised in the balance sheet because actual emissions do not exceed the emission credits allotted with no performance requirements attached.
Research and development costs Research costs are recognised in profit and loss as incurred. The group has no development costs that meet the criteria for capitalisation under IAS 38 Intangible Assets.
Impairment of assets Annually on the reporting date, the carrying amount of consolidated goodwill, if any, is assessed and an impairment loss recognised if the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. At 31 December 2011, no consolidated goodwill (2010: none) had been recognised in the balance sheet.
The group's other non-current assets are assessed annually to deter mine whether there any indications o f impairment. If such indications are found, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated. The recovery value is the higher o f net realisable value and value in use.
Value in use is the present value of future cash flows expected to arise for an asset or cash generating unit containing goodwill. An impairment loss is recognised when the carrying amount of an asset or cash generat ing unit exceeds the recoverable amount. Within the Ovako group, the recoverable amount is based on value in use and calculated at the cash generating unit level or the individual asset level when it is possible to identify separate cash flows for the asset.
