The group's other non-current assets are assessed annually to deter mine whether there any indications o f impairment. If such indications are found, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated. The recovery value is the higher o f net realisable value and value in use.
F-81
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Leases Determination of whether an agreement is, or contains, a lease depends upon the substance of the agreement when it is made; whether perfor mance of the contract depends on the use of a specific asset or assets or if the agreement conveys a right to control the asset, even if the right is not explicitly laid out in the agreement.
A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers to the lessee substantially all risks and rewards incident to ownership of the leased property. Finance leases are initially recognised in the balance sheet at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Assets held under finance leases are depreci ated over the shorter of the lease term or the life of the asset.
Leases in which the lessor substantially retains all risks and rewards incident to ownership are classified as operating leases. Lease payments for operating leases are recognised as an expense in profit and loss over the lease term on a straight-line basis.
Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value, where cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis. The weighted average cost method is used when it provides a more reliable picture of certain types of inventory items. The cost of finished goods and work in prog ress includes the cost o f materials, direct labour, other direct costs and an allocation of allocatable indirect costs based on normal capacity. The net realisable value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs for completion and costs to sell.
Employee benefits - pensions Allocations to defined contribution plans are recognised as an ex pense in profit and loss in the year to which they relate.
The Projected Unit Credit Method is applied to calculate allocations to defined benefit plans and the benefit is attributable to years o f service. Pension benefits expenses are allocated to years of service according to actuarial valuations prepared by authorised actuaries. The amount recognised as the defined benefit liability or asset comprises the sum of the following: the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of assets under management, past service costs and actuarial gains and losses. The discount rate used to calculate the present value of defined benefit obligations is the yield on high-quality corporate bonds or government bonds with a similar maturity as the obligation, except for Sweden. For Sweden, which accounts for approximately 89 percent of the group's pension benefits obligations, the historical practice has been to refer to long-term nominal government bonds to determine the discount rate based on the presumption that no deep market existed for first-class corporate bonds. The market for secured housing bonds, which has grown steadily in recent years, is comprised of bonds issued by housing institutes mainly owned by Swedish banks, which are secured through the `collateral pool',which may be made up of mortgage loans and government loans and encompass a large number of bonds rated AA or higher by major credit rating institutes. As a consequence of this de velopment, Ovako management hasjudged as of 2011, in line with many other employers in Sweden, that the secured housing bonds market is de facto a deep corporate bond market as defined in IAS 19 paragraph 78 and as such is a suitable reference for determining the discount rate.
