Employee benefits - pensions Allocations to defined contribution plans are recognised as an ex pense in profit and loss in the year to which they relate.
Actuarial gains and losses arising from defined benefit plans are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Share-based payments The group currently has no share-based incentive programmes.
Provisions A provision is recognised when the group has a present legal or construc tive obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be estimated reliably. The expected future cash flow is dis counted to calculate provisions when the time value of money is material.
A provision for restructuring will be recognised only if the group has adopted a detailed formal plan and the restructuring has either com menced or been publicly announced.
Income taxes The group's recognised tax expense comprises tax on the taxable income of group companies for the period and adjustments, if any, for taxes for previous periods and changes in deferred tax. Current income taxes are calculated based on the tax rates and tax rules in effect in each country.
Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities are calculated using the balance sheet method based on temporary differences between the carrying amounts and fiscal amounts of assets and liabilities. The most significant temporary differences arise from non-current assets, unutilised loss carryforwards, unrealised intra-group gains and provisions. Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities are determined at the rates in effect for the period when the asset is realised or the liability paid based on tax rates (and legislation) enacted or announced at the reporting date. The effects of deferred tax assets and tax liabilities recognised in other comprehensive income are recognised according to the same principles.
Revenue recognition Revenue from goods sold is recognised when the seller has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards o f ownership o f the goods. Revenue is normally recognised at date of delivery in accordance with applicable terms of carriage. Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration that has been or will be received, less VAT,discounts and returns.
