F-82
Available-for-sale financial assets
Available-for-sale financial assets include publicly quoted shares, unquoted shares and fixed-income investments. Purchases and sales are recognised at trade date and measured at fair value. Financial assets traded on a public marketplace are measured at fair value based on the quoted market price on the reporting date. Certain unquoted equity instruments for which fair value cannot be reliably determined are measured at cost less any impairment loss. Gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are recognised, net of tax, through other com prehensive income as a change in the fair value reserve in equity. The fair value reserve includes the cumulative net change in the fair value of available-for-sale financial assets until the asset is sold or otherwise disposed of.
Financial liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities are recognised at amortised cost based on the effective interest rate method. Financial liabilities are included in current and non-current liabilities and may be interest-bearing or non interest-bearing.
Borrowing costs, etc. Loan arrangement costs are capitalised over the term o f the loan and recognised as prepayments that reduce interest-bearing-liabilities. Charges paid for loan commitments are reported as transaction costs for borrowing to the extent it is probable that all or part of the credit limit will be utilised. In such cases, the charge is reported when the credit limit is utilised. When there is no evidence that it is probable that all or part of the credit limit will be utilised, the charge is reported as a prepayment for financial services and allocated over the maturity of the relevant loan commitment.
Derivatives Financial derivatives are classified either as hedging instruments or instruments measured at fair value through profit and loss. Deriva tive instruments are initially measured at cost and subsequent to initial recognition are measured at fair value at each reporting date.
The fair value of electricity forwards and interest rate swaps is based on observable market data at the reporting date. Ovako had no foreign currency forwards in the balance sheet at the end of the year.
The group applies hedge accounting for forward contracts related to electricity prices and interest rate swaps that meet the criteria defined in IAS 39. Changes in the value of hedging instruments that are part of an effective cash flow hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and shown in the hedge reserve in equity, while hedge ineffectiveness is recognised immediately in profit and loss. The cumulative change in value of such derivatives is transferred to net profit or loss in the same period as the hedged item affects profit and loss.
Trade receivables Trade receivables are recognised at the original amount billed less any impairment losses. Impairment is assessed based on the credit risk of each item on reporting date.
