· Improvements to IFR Ss adopted by the EU, February 2011
issued amendments to standards not yet mandatorily effective The new standards and interpretations mandatorily effective for the calendar year 2012 or later which are expected to have impact on the consolidated financial statements are presented below. The group will apply these when they become mandatorily effective and have been adopted by the European Commission
IAS 1 Presentation o f other comprehensive income (amendment) The amendment changes how groups o f items are presented in other comprehensive income. Items that are potentially reclassifiable to profit or loss subsequently and items that will not be reclassified must be presented separately. The proposal changes only the presentation of other comprehensive income, not the actual content. IAS 1 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 July 2012.
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: Classification and measurement This standard is part of a major recast of the current standard IAS 39. The standard deals with classification and measurement of financial assets as defined in IAS 39. IFRS 9 contains two primary measurement categories for financial assets: amortised cost and fair value. The stan dard is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2013. The standard will be supplemented with rules on impair ments and hedge accounting, among else. Implementation of IFRS 9 will affect classification and measurement of the group's financial assets. These effects will be explained when the new policies are implemented. The standard has not yet been adopted for application within the EU.
IFRS 12 Disclosures o f interest in other entities IFRS 12 replaces IAS 27 in respect of disclosures under IAS 31 and IAS 28. IFRS 12 specifies minimum disclosures for entities that have interests in subsidiaries, associates,joint arrangements and unconsoli dated structured entities. The aim of these disclosures is to help users of financial statements understand the potential impact of the interests on the financial statements and the nature of and risks associated with interests in other entities. This may affect the disclosures provided in the consolidated financial statements. IFRS 12 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2013.
IFRS 13 Fair value measurement IFRS 13 establishes a framework for measuring fair value by introduc ing guidelines for how it should be determined for items for which other IFRSs require or permit fair value measurement. The group is currently assessing the extent to which this may affect the group's financial posi tion and results. IFRS 13 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2013.
F-83
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHICAL TERRITORY
