Although enforcement instructions given by the holders of the Notes (to the extent such holders hold a majority of the aggregate principal amount owed under the Notes, certain additional debt secured by the Collateral and certain hedging obligations) will prevail after such consultation period (other than in the case that it is determined, acting reasonably, that such delay would have a material adverse effect of the ability to enforce on the realization proceeds), if the liabilities under the Revolving Credit Facility (and any applicable refinancing thereof) and certain hedging obligations have not been fully discharged within six months of the date the first
such enforcement instruction was issued or if no steps have been taken in relation to the commencement of enforcement of the Collateral within three months after the date of such enforcement instruction (including any instruction not to take enforcement steps) then enforcement instructions by the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility (and any applicable refinancing thereof) and creditors under certain hedging liabilities will prevail, and if the liabilities under any Pension Insurance Line have not been fully discharged within 12 months of the date the first such enforcement instruction was issued or if no steps have been taken in relation to the commencement of enforcement of the Collateral within six months after the date of such enforcement instruction, then enforcement instructions by the lenders under the Pension Insurance Line will prevail. These arrangements could be disadvantageous to the holders of the Notes in a number of respects and may permit the lenders under any Pension Insurance Line, the Revolving Credit Facility (and any applicable refinancing thereof) and creditors under certain hedging liabilities to control enforcement in circumstances in which their interests are different from those of the holders of the Notes. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement". The lenders under any Pension Insurance Line, the Revolving Credit Facility (and any applicable refinancing thereof), certain hedge counterparties or any other future class of debt secured by the Collateral may have interests that are different from the interests of holders of the Notes and they may elect to pursue their remedies under the Security Documents at a time when it would not be advantageous for the holders of the Notes to do so.
The value of the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Notes, and there may be limitations on your ability to foreclose on the Collateral.
The Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by security interests in the Collateral described in this offering memorandum, which Collateral also secures the obligations under any "super priority" credit facility, including any Pension Insurance Line, the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations. The holders of the Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value of the Collateral underlying their security interest. Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Original Pension Insurance Line may be increased (or an Additional Pension Insurance Line may be put in place) up to an amount equal to our pension liabilities at the applicable time; any such increase will benefit from first-ranking, super senior security interest in the Collateral. The Revolving Credit Facility contains a mechanism under which commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility may be increased from EUR40 million to up to EUR50 million and any such increase will also benefit from first-ranking security interests in the Collateral. Upon a refinancing of the Revolving Credit Facility, or if the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility consent to an increase under the Revolving Credit Facility, the amount that will benefit from first-ranking security interest in the Collateral may be increased up to the amount provided under the Indenture. The Collateral may also secure additional debt ranking pari passu with the Notes to the extent permitted by the terms of the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement. Your rights to the Collateral may therefore be diluted by any increase in the first-priority debt secured by the Collateral and if the value of the Collateral is less than the value of the claims of the other holders of the Notes together with the claims of other secured creditors, those claims may not be satisfied in full, or at all, before the claims of our unsecured creditors are paid.
The Collateral securing the Notes will be subject to any and all exceptions, defects, imperfections, encumbrances and other liens permitted under the Indenture. The existence of any such exceptions, defects, imperfections, encumbrances and other liens could adversely affect the value of the Collateral securing the Notes as well as the ability of the Security Agent to realize or foreclose on that Collateral. Furthermore, the first-priority ranking of security interests can be affected by a variety of factors, including, among others, the timely satisfaction of perfection requirements, statutory liens or recharacterization under the laws of certain jurisdictions. The security interests of the Security Agent will be subject to practical problems generally associated with the realization of security interests in Collateral. For example, the Security Agent may need to obtain the consent of a third-party to enforce a security interest. We cannot assure you that the Security Agent will be able to obtain any such consents. We also cannot assure you that the
42
consents of any third parties will be given when required to facilitate a foreclosure on such assets. Accordingly, the Security Agent may not have the ability to foreclose upon those assets and the value of the Collateral may significantly decrease.
No appraisal of the value of the Collateral has been prepared by us or on our behalf for the Offering. The value of the Collateral and the amount to be received upon a sale of such Collateral will depend upon many factors, including, among others, the ability to sell the Collateral in an orderly sale, the general prevailing market, the condition of the economies in which operations are located and the availability of suitable buyers at the time of sale. The book value of the Collateral should not be relied on as a measure of realizable value for such assets. All or a portion of the Collateral may be illiquid by nature and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Likewise, we cannot assure you that there will be a market for the sale of the Collateral, or, if such a market exists, that there will not be a substantial delay in its liquidation. In addition, the share pledges of an entity may be of no value if that entity is subject to an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding. Consequently, liquidating the Collateral may not result in proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due under the Notes after satisfying the obligations to pay any creditors with prior liens. If the proceeds of the sale of the Collateral are not sufficient to repay all amounts due on the Notes, holders of the Notes (to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the Collateral) would have only an unsecured, unsubordinated claim against the Issuer's and the Guarantors' remaining assets, which may not be sufficient to repay our obligations under the Notes.
Your rights in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in certain Collateral.
