Germany. The Offering is not a public offering in the Federal Republic of Germany. The Notes may only be offered, sold and acquired in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Prospectus Act of the Federal Republic of Germany (De. Wertpapierprospektgesetz--WpPG), as amended (the "Securities Prospectus Act"), the Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 of April 29, 2004, as amended, and any other applicable German law. No application has been made under German law to permit a public offer of Notes in the Federal Republic of Germany. This Offering Memorandum has not been approved for purposes of a public offer of the Notes, and accordingly the Notes may not be, and are not being, offered or advertised publicly or by public promotion in Germany. Therefore, this offering memorandum is strictly for private use and the offer is only being made to recipients to whom the document is personally addressed and does not constitute an offer or advertisement to the public. The Notes will only be available to and this offering memorandum and any other offering material in relation to the Notes is directed only at persons who are qualified investors (qualifizierte Anleger) within the meaning of Section 2, No. 6 of the Securities Prospectus Act. Any resale of the Notes in Germany may only be made in accordance with the Securities Prospectus Act and other applicable laws.
Italy. No action has been or will be taken which could allow an offering of the Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the Republic of Italy, and neither this offering memorandum nor any other offering circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement, other offering material or other information relating to the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Notes may be issued, distributed or published in the Republic of Italy, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws, orders, rules and regulations. The Notes cannot be offered or sold to any natural persons nor to entities other than qualified investors (according to the definition provided for by the Prospectus Directive) either on the primary or on the secondary market.
Netherlands. The Notes (including rights representing an interest in each global note that represents the Notes) may not be offered or sold to individuals or legal entities in the Netherlands, unless a prospectus relating to the offer is available to the public which is approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiele Markten) or by a supervisory authority of another Member State of the European Union. Article 5:3 Financial Supervision Act (the "FSA") and article 53 paragraphs 2 and 3 Exemption Regulation FSA provide for several exceptions to the obligation to make a prospectus available, such as an offer to qualified investors within the meaning of article 5:3 FSA.
Norway. This offering memorandum has not been and will not be filed with or approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority, the Oslo Stock Exchange or any other regulatory authority in Norway. The Notes have not been offered or sold and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Norway, unless in compliance with Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 2007 and secondary regulations issued pursuant thereto, as amended from time to time. Accordingly, this offering memorandum may not be made available nor may the Notes otherwise be marketed and offered for sale in Norway other than in circumstances that are deemed not to be a marketing of an offer to the public in Norway.
vii
Spain. This Offering has not been registered with the Comision Nacional del Mercado de Valores and therefore the Notes may not be offered in Spain by any means, except in circumstances which do not qualify as a public offer of securities in Spain in accordance with article 30 bis of the Securities Market Act (Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio del Mercado de Valores) as amended and restated, or pursuant to an exemption from registration in accordance with article 41 of the Royal Decree 1310/2005 (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admision a negociacion de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas publicas de venta o suscripcion y del folleto exigible a tales efectos). Sweden. This offering memorandum is not a prospectus and has not been prepared in accordance with the prospectus requirements provided for in the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. lagen (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) nor any other Swedish enactment. Neither the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) nor any other Swedish public body has examined, approved or registered this offering memorandum or will examine, approve or register this offering memorandum. Accordingly, this offering memorandum may not be made available, nor may the Notes otherwise be marketed and offered for sale, in Sweden, other than in circumstances that constitute an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. Switzerland. The Notes offered hereby are being offered in Switzerland on the basis of a private placement only. This offering memorandum does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Art. 652A of the Swiss Federal Code of Obligations. United Kingdom. This offering memorandum is for distribution only to, and is directed solely at, persons who (i) are outside the United Kingdom, (ii) are investment professionals, as such term is defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Financial Promotion Order"), (iii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order, or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes may otherwise be lawfully communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This offering memorandum is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this offering memorandum relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this offering memorandum or any of its contents.
viii
Presentation of financial and other data
Presentation of financial information
