No appraisal of the value of the Collateral has been prepared by us or on our behalf for the Offering. The value of the Collateral and the amount to be received upon a sale of such Collateral will depend upon many factors, including, among others, the ability to sell the Collateral in an orderly sale, the general prevailing market, the condition of the economies in which operations are located and the availability of suitable buyers at the time of sale. The book value of the Collateral should not be relied on as a measure of realizable value for such assets. All or a portion of the Collateral may be illiquid by nature and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Likewise, we cannot assure you that there will be a market for the sale of the Collateral, or, if such a market exists, that there will not be a substantial delay in its liquidation. In addition, the share pledges of an entity may be of no value if that entity is subject to an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding. Consequently, liquidating the Collateral may not result in proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due under the Notes after satisfying the obligations to pay any creditors with prior liens. If the proceeds of the sale of the Collateral are not sufficient to repay all amounts due on the Notes, holders of the Notes (to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the Collateral) would have only an unsecured, unsubordinated claim against the Issuer's and the Guarantors' remaining assets, which may not be sufficient to repay our obligations under the Notes.
In some jurisdictions, under applicable law a security interest in certain tangible and intangible assets can be properly perfected, and its priority retained, only through certain actions undertaken by the secured party or the grantor of the security. For any security to be validly created under Swedish law, the security provider must also be effectively deprived of its rights to dispose of or deal with the assets which are the subject of the security. The liens in the Collateral securing the Notes may not be perfected with respect to the claims of the Notes if we, or the Security Agent, fail or are unable to take the actions we are, or the Security Agent is, as the case may be, required to take to perfect or maintain the perfection of any of these liens. In addition, applicable law requires that certain property and rights acquired after the grant of a general security interest, such as real property, equipment subject to a certificate and certain proceeds, can only be perfected at or promptly following the time such property and rights are acquired and identified.
The Trustee and the Security Agent for the Notes are under no obligation to monitor, and we may not comply with our obligations to inform the Trustee or Security Agent of, any future acquisition of property and rights by us, and the necessary action may not be taken to properly perfect the security interest in such after-acquired property or rights. Such failure may result in the invalidity of the security interest in the Collateral or adversely affect the priority of the security interest in favor of the Notes against third parties. Neither the Trustee nor the Security Agent for the Notes has any obligation to monitor the acquisition of additional property or rights by us or the perfection of or to take any steps to perfect any security interest.
As a general rule, a security interest over Collateral cannot be validly created, if the relevant security provider is not the owner of the relevant Collateral. In some jurisdictions, it cannot be ascertained from public registers as to whether the presumed security provider actually owns the relevant Collateral (e.g. in case of receivables governed by German law or moveable assets located in Germany where no such registers exist). Applicable laws of some jurisdictions may even not allow for a bona fide acquisition of a security interest in certain Collateral (e.g. in case of receivables under German law which cannot be acquired bona fide).
In addition, the unperfected pledge of intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and of dividends under the Security Documents governed by Swedish law will provide the Security Agent a right to create a security interest over
43
intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and dividends, but such security interest will only be perfected when (i) in relation to dividends, the relevant company is duly notified that dividends may not be paid to the pledgor and (ii) in relation to intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB), when the relevant debtor is duly notified that payment of principal and interest may not be paid to the pledgor. Until such notification is made, the pledge of intra-group receivables (of each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and dividends under Security Documents governed by Swedish law will remain unperfected, and there can be no assurance that the Security Agent will timely make any such notification even though it may be obligated to do so. It should also be noted that in accordance with terms of certain Finnish Security Agreements, the security providers are not required to perfect the Collateral in relation to all security assets (such as dividends and bank accounts) before the occurrence of an acceleration event. This may prejudice the effectiveness of such Collateral until such Collateral is duly perfected, and the Collateral may still be subject to recovery risk in any insolvency proceeding thereafter.
The security over the Collateral will not be granted directly to the holders of the Notes, and the holders of the Notes will have limited rights to enforce remedies under the Security Documents.
The security interests in the Collateral that will secure our obligations under the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantors under the Guarantees will not be granted directly to the holders of the Notes, but will be granted only in favor of the Security Agent (and/or in favor of the secured parties represented by the Security Agent acting for and on their behalf). The Trustee will enter into the Intercreditor Agreement with, among others, the Security Agent and representatives of the other indebtedness secured by the Collateral, including the Revolving Credit Facility and the Original Pension Insurance Line. Other creditors, including the parties to any Additional Insurance Line Agreement, may become parties to the Intercreditor Agreement in the future. Among other things, the Intercreditor Agreement governs the enforcement of the Security Documents, the sharing in any recoveries from such enforcement and the release of the Collateral by the Security Agent. As a consequence, holders of the Notes will not have direct security interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Notes, except through the Security Agent, who will follow instructions as set forth under "Description o f other indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement".
