The security over the Collateral will not be granted directly to the holders of the Notes, and the holders of the Notes will have limited rights to enforce remedies under the Security Documents.
It is generally possible under Swedish law to grant security interests in favor of an agent acting on behalf of secured parties. However, to enable the Security Agent to enforce the security interests in the Collateral on behalf of the holders of the Notes in a Swedish court, the Security Agent may need a specific power of attorney from each holder of the Notes. It has not been established by judicial precedent or otherwise by law that a power of attorney or mandate of agency, including the appointment of an agent can be made irrevocable. Therefore, any powers of attorney or mandates of agency can be revoked and will terminate by operation of law and without notice at the bankruptcy or temporal demise of the party giving such powers. In addition, the failure of all holders of the Notes to submit such a power of attorney could negatively affect the enforcement of the security interests in the Collateral.
In addition, the ability of the Security Agent to enforce the security interests in the Collateral is subject to mandatory provisions of the laws of each jurisdiction in which security interests over the Collateral are taken. For example, the laws of certain jurisdictions may not allow for an appropriation of certain pledged assets, but require a sale through a public auction and certain waiting periods may apply. There is some uncertainty under the laws of certain jurisdictions as to whether obligations to beneficial owners of the Notes that are not identified as registered holders in a Security Document will be validly secured.
In certain jurisdictions, including, among others, Germany, due to the laws and other jurisprudence governing the creation and perfection of security interests and enforceability of such security interests, the respective Collateral will secure a so-called "parallel debt" obligation (the "Parallel Debt Obligation") created under the Intercreditor Agreement in favor of the Security Agent as well as, or in lieu of, securing the obligations under the Notes directly. This parallel debt structure is used where certain jurisdictions have legal requirements relating to the
44
creation and ongoing valid existence of security interests which are linked with the original secured claims and where certain actions under the finance documents, such as novation, may cause invalidity of the security interests under local law. The parallel debt is in the same amount and payable at the same time as the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under the Notes and the Guarantees (the "Principal Obligations"), and any payment in respect of the Principal Obligations will discharge the corresponding parallel debt and any payment in respect of the parallel debt will discharge the corresponding Principal Obligations. Although the Security Agent will have, pursuant to the parallel debt, a claim against the Issuer and the Guarantors for the full principal amount of the Notes, the parallel debt structure has not been tested in court in these jurisdictions and there is no judicial guidance as to its efficacy. Therefore, the ability of the Security Agent to enforce the Collateral may be restricted. In addition, holders of the Notes bear some risk associated with a possible insolvency or bankruptcy of the Security Agent.
Security over the assets of a company through a Swedish law business mortgage is only a "passive" security.
A Swedish business mortgage will essentially cover inventory, machinery, receivables, intellectual property rights and other claims owned by a Swedish company. It does not cover real property, cash and bank deposits, shares and other financial instruments intended for public trading, property that can be subject to a mortgage or property that cannot be seized or that cannot form part of a bankruptcy estate. A business mortgage provides security over the assets covered by the business mortgage up to a maximum amount equal to the lower of (i) the secured claim and (ii) 115% of the face amount of the business mortgage certificate plus interest on such amount from the date of the bankruptcy application at a rate corresponding to the official reference rate plus 4%.
Until a seizure or bankruptcy occurs, a company that has provided a business mortgage is free to deal with the assets covered by the business mortgage. Thus, if any of our assets are sold, the business mortgage over such assets will seize to be valid. Furthermore, special priority rights with a higher ranking than a business mortgage (such as a possessory pledge) may be attached to or granted by us over assets covered by the business mortgage. If this is done, such priority rights will give a better priority to these assets and the proceeds from a sale of such assets in a bankruptcy.
