A Swedish business mortgage will essentially cover inventory, machinery, receivables, intellectual property rights and other claims owned by a Swedish company. It does not cover real property, cash and bank deposits, shares and other financial instruments intended for public trading, property that can be subject to a mortgage or property that cannot be seized or that cannot form part of a bankruptcy estate. A business mortgage provides security over the assets covered by the business mortgage up to a maximum amount equal to the lower of (i) the secured claim and (ii) 115% of the face amount of the business mortgage certificate plus interest on such amount from the date of the bankruptcy application at a rate corresponding to the official reference rate plus 4%.
The business mortgage certificates are bearer instruments and must be kept by the Security Agent to maintain the perfection and validity of the security interest. A business mortgage cannot be enforced by the mortgagee but will give the mortgagee a priority (as described above) to the proceeds from a sale of the assets covered by the business mortgage after a seizure of such assets or by the bankruptcy administrator in a bankruptcy.
A mortgage over real property in Sweden is limited in value and can only be enforced through public proceedings.
A mortgage over real property in Sweden will cover the relevant land unit plus certain fixtures and fittings. Depending on whether a special filing has been made, the real property may include also certain industrial fixtures and fittings. A mortgage over real property provides security over the land unit (including certain fixtures and fittings) up to a maximum amount equal to the lower of (i) the secured claim and (ii) 115% of the face amount of the mortgage certificate plus interest on such amount from the date of enforcement at a rate corresponding to the official reference rate plus 4%. The amount of the mortgage certificate is not tied to the value of the real property and may be higher than the market value of a property. The mortgage certificates are bearer instruments and must be kept by the Security Agent to maintain the perfection and validity of the security interest.
A court can declare that the claim of a mortgagee shall have "special priority" in the real property in question. In such case, the real property is considered to be seized immediately. The mortgagee could also obtain an enforceable judgment from a court and thereafter demand seizure of the unit of real property. After the real property has been seized, it will be sold by the local enforcement authority at an advertised public auction. If the enforcement authority deems
45
it to be more favorable, the property may instead be sold by the enforcement authority in a private sale, provided that it is clear what the claims and the other rights pertaining to the real property are. If the mortgagor has been declared bankrupt, the bankruptcy administrator may demand that a real property which belongs to the bankruptcy estate is sold at an auction. The bankruptcy administrator may, however, sell the real property in another manner if this is deemed to be more favorable for the bankruptcy estate. The bankruptcy administrator will distribute the funds from the sale to the mortgagor up to the secured amount and thereafter to unsecured creditors. It is not possible for a mortgagee to enforce a mortgage over real property in any manner other than as described.
Any costs associated with the disposal and incurred by the Enforcement Authority will however have priority ahead of the secured creditors and any costs must be recovered before a distribution to the creditors may be made. Any surplus from the sale (i.e. to the extent sale proceeds exceed the total amount of the mortgage certificates) must be paid to the relevant pledgor or its bankruptcy estate. The enforcement authority has broadly defined statutory powers in connection with the enforcement of mortgage certificates and may reject a disposal if a potentially higher bid can be achieved at a subsequent auction or private sale. As a consequence, the Security Agent will have less control over the enforcement process than they would have had if enforcement had been made in respect of the shares in the property-owning company.
The Issuer and the Guarantors will have control over the Collateral securing the Notes, and the operation of the business or sale of particular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Notes.
