Any costs associated with the disposal and incurred by the Enforcement Authority will however have priority ahead of the secured creditors and any costs must be recovered before a distribution to the creditors may be made. Any surplus from the sale (i.e. to the extent sale proceeds exceed the total amount of the mortgage certificates) must be paid to the relevant pledgor or its bankruptcy estate. The enforcement authority has broadly defined statutory powers in connection with the enforcement of mortgage certificates and may reject a disposal if a potentially higher bid can be achieved at a subsequent auction or private sale. As a consequence, the Security Agent will have less control over the enforcement process than they would have had if enforcement had been made in respect of the shares in the property-owning company.
Subject to the certain limitations set out in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the Original Pension Insurance Line and the Indenture, the Security Documents will allow the Issuer and the Guarantors to remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate, and collect, invest and dispose of any income from the Collateral securing the Notes. So long as no default or event of default under the Indenture would result therefrom, the Issuer and the Guarantors may, among other things, subject to limitations with respect to Security Documents governed by Swedish law, Finnish law or German law, without any release or consent by the Security Agent, conduct ordinary course activities with respect to the Collateral, such as selling, factoring, abandoning or otherwise disposing of Collateral and making ordinary course cash payments, including repayments of indebtedness. Any of these activities could reduce the value of the Collateral, which could reduce the amounts payable to you from the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral in the case of an enforcement of the liens on the Notes.
To the extent that additional indebtedness and obligations are secured by the Collateral, our control over the Collateral may be diminished. To the extent these activities are allowed with regard to certain security interests, under Swedish law, Finnish law and German law, such security interests could be considered not validly perfected.
The granting of the security interests in connection with the issuance of the Notes, the delayed perfection of security interest or the incurrence of permitted debt in the future, may create or restart hardening periods, i.e., the periods of time following the granting of security interests during which such security interests may be challenged in accordance with the laws applicable in certain jurisdictions.
The granting of security interests to secure the Notes and the Guarantees may create hardening periods for such security interests in certain jurisdictions. The granting of shared security interests to secure future indebtedness permitted to be secured on the Collateral may restart or reopen such hardening periods in particular, because the Indenture permits the release and retaking of security granted in favor of the Notes in certain circumstances, including in connection with the incurrence of future indebtedness. The applicable hardening period for these new security interests can run from the moment each new security interest has been granted or perfected. At each time, if the security interest granted or recreated were to be enforced before the end of the respective hardening period applicable in such jurisdiction, it may be declared void or ineffective
46
and/or it may not be possible to enforce it. See "Certain insolvency law considerations and limitations on validity and enforceability o f the guarantees and security interests". The same considerations also apply following the issuance of the Notes in connection with the accession of further subsidiaries as additional Guarantors and the granting of security interest over their relevant assets and equity interests for the benefit of holders of the Notes.
In relation to the security over intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and dividends under Security Documents governed by Swedish law certain bankruptcy limitations could apply under Swedish law. In particular, under the Bankruptcy Act (5w; konkurslagen (1987:672)), in a bankruptcy or in a company reconstruction where a composition among creditors has been approved by the court, any security granted may be recovered if (a) it was not provided for at the time the debt it secured arose or if it was not perfected without delay following the coming into existence of such debt, unless in the circumstances it was nevertheless ordinary, and (b) it was granted later than three months before the "relevant date" (broadly, the date when the petition for bankruptcy or company reconstruction was lodged). Such security may also be recovered if provided to a related party earlier than three months but later than two years before the relevant date, unless it can be shown that the debtor was not insolvent at the time of the action and did not become insolvent as a result of it.
There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge of the Notes under which the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees will be released automatically and under which the Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent of the relevant Trustee.
