· in connection with certain enforcement actions taken by the creditors pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement; and
See "Description o f other indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement".
The Collateral is subject to casualty risks.
We intend to maintain insurance or otherwise insure against hazards in a manner appropriate and customary for our business. There are, however, certain losses that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, in whole or in part. Insurance proceeds may not compensate us fully for our losses. If there is a complete or partial loss of any of the Collateral, the insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to satisfy all of the secured obligations, including the Notes and the Guarantees.
In the event of a total or partial loss to any of our facilities, certain items of equipment and inventory may not be easily replaced, if at all. Accordingly, even though there may be insurance coverage, the extended period needed to manufacture replacement units or inventory could cause significant delays and any such delay could further decrease the value of the other Collateral.
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indenture.
Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a "change of control" as defined in the Indenture, the Issuer is required to offer to repurchase all outstanding Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. If a change of control were to occur, our ability to make such purchase may be limited by our then existing financial resources and we cannot assure you that we would have sufficient funds available at such time to pay the purchase price of the outstanding Notes or that the restrictions in the Revolving Credit Facility, the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Original Pension Insurance Line or our other then existing contractual obligations would allow us to make such required repurchases. A change of control may result in an event of default under, or acceleration of, the Original Pension Insurance Line or the Revolving Credit Facility and other indebtedness. The repurchase of the Notes pursuant to such an offer could cause a default under such indebtedness, even if the change of control itself does not. The ability of the Issuer to receive cash from its subsidiaries to allow them to pay cash to the holders of the Notes following the occurrence of a change of control may be limited by our then existing financial resources. In addition, under the terms of the agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility and the Original Pension Insurance Line, under certain circumstances, if we repay more than EUR 90.0 million (plus the amount of any additional shareholder funding made for that purpose), or 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes offered hereby, we are required to repay and cancel commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Original Pension Insurance Line in the same proportion. Sufficient funds may not be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. If an event constituting a change of control occurs at a time when we are prohibited from providing funds to any of the Issuer for the purpose of repurchasing the Notes, we may seek the consent of the lenders under such indebtedness to the purchase of the Notes or may attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain such prohibition. If such a consent to repay such borrowings is not obtained, the Issuer will remain prohibited from repurchasing any Notes.
48
In addition, we expect that we would require third-party financing to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a change of control. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such financing. Any failure by the Issuer to offer to purchase the Notes would constitute a default under the Indenture, which would, in turn, constitute a default under the agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility, the Original Pension Insurance Line and certain other indebtedness. See "Description o f Notes--Repurchase at the option o f holders--Change o f control."
