48
The change of control provision contained in the Indenture may not necessarily afford you protection in the event of certain important corporate events, including a reorganization, restructuring, merger or other similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect you, because such corporate events may not involve a shift in voting power or beneficial ownership or, even if they do, may not constitute a "change of control" as defined in the Indenture. Except as described under "Description o f Notes--Repurchase at the option o f holders--Change o f control", the Indenture will not contain provisions that would require the Issuer to offer to repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a reorganization, restructuring, merger, recapitalization or similar transaction.
The definition of "change of control" contained in the Indenture will include (with certain exceptions) a disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Issuer and its restricted subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase "all or substantially all," there is no precisely established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances, there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of "all or substantially all" of the Issuer's assets and its restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a change of control has occurred and whether the Issuer is required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes.
Furthermore, the occurrence of certain events that might otherwise constitute a change of control under the Indenture will not be deemed to be a change of control if at the time our consolidated leverage ratio is less than certain specified levels. See "Description o f Notes-- Certain Definitions--Change o f Control".
Certain covenants may fall away upon the occurrence of a change in our ratings.
The Indenture will provide that, if at any time following the date of the Indenture, the Notes receive a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and a rating of BBB- or better from Standard & Poor's Investors Ratings Services and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, then beginning that day and continuing until such time as the Notes cease to have investment-grade ratings from both Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or Standard & Poor's Investors Ratings Services, certain covenants will cease to be applicable to the Notes. See "Description o f Notes--Certain covenants--Suspension o f covenants when Notes rated Investment Grade".
If these covenants were to be suspended, we would be able to incur additional indebtedness or make payments, including dividends or investments, which may conflict with the interests of holders of the Notes. There can be no assurance that the Notes will ever achieve an investmentgrade rating or that any such rating will be maintained.
You may face foreign exchange risks or adverse tax consequences by investing in the Notes denominated in foreign currencies.
The Notes will be denominated and payable in euro. If you are a U.S. dollar or other non-euro investor, as applicable, an investment in the Notes will entail foreign exchange-related risks due to, among other factors, possible significant changes in the value of the euro relative to the U.S. dollar or other relevant currencies due to economic, political or other factors over which we have no control. Depreciation of the euro against the U.S. dollar or other relevant currencies could
