The plans of foreign subsidiaries are structured in accordance with local rules and customary practice.
The current pension system in the Netherlands is implemented within the Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds (industrial sector pension fund) `Stichting Pensioenfonds Metaal enTechniek'(Pension Fund for the Engineering, Mechanical and Electric Contracting Sector). These are defined benefit plans but are treated as defined contribution plans in the annual accounts because sufficient parameters are unavailable to perform defined benefit plan calculations under IAS 19.
Ovako has a pension and life assurance plan for its employees in the UK. The plan was created as a defined benefit plan, which had a deficit at 31 December. The plan was closed to new subscribers as of 31 December 2009.
Ovako North America Inc offers defined contribution plans open to all employees who have worked for the company for at least six months. The company also has a post-employment medical insurance plan for certain employees and former employees.
Employees in Germany are covered by public pension schemes. The president and two other key management personnel also have a supple mental, defined benefit plan. The majority of the defined benefit pension plan refers to supplemental insurance for former executives. The pension liability is insured.
Employees in Italy are covered by national pension schemes and the T R F severance pay system with no additional pension plans. The T R F liability is recognised as a defined benefit pension plan.
The French pension liability is covered by pensions under French law and collective agreements (A ARCO/AGIRC). Accordingly, the company does not have its own pension plan. Ovako Redon SAS has a defined benefit pension liability created for the IFC components of the mandatory pension (a retirement indemnity plan).
Pensions in Poland and Russia are covered by government pension schemes.
The group's cost for defined contribution plans amounted to EU R 8.4 (2.4) million in 2011.
