You may face foreign exchange risks or adverse tax consequences by investing in the Notes denominated in foreign currencies.
49
cause a decrease in the effective yield of the relevant Notes below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss to you when the return on the relevant Notes is translated into the currency by reference to which you measure the return on your investments. Investments in the Notes by U.S. investors may also have important tax consequences as a result of foreign exchange gains, if any. See "Certain taxation considerations--Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations".
There is no established trading market for the Notes. If a market for the Notes does not develop, your ability to sell the Notes may be limited. The Notes are new issues of securities for which there is currently no established trading market. Accordingly, we cannot assure you as to the liquidity of any market in the Notes, your ability to sell your Notes; or the prices at which you would be able to sell your Notes. Although application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for trading on the Euro MTF Market Luxembourg Stock Exchange, we cannot assure you that the Notes will become or remain listed on that exchange. The Initial Purchasers of the Notes have advised us that they intend to make a market in the Notes as permitted by applicable law. The Initial Purchasers are not obligated, however, to make a market in the Notes, and any market-making activity may be discontinued at any time at the sole discretion of the Initial Purchasers without notice.
The liquidity of the trading market in the Notes and the market price quoted for the Notes may be adversely affected by many factors, including, among other things, changes in the overall market for similar securities, interest rates, our financial performance or prospects or in the prospects for companies in our industry generally. Historically, the market for non-investmentgrade debt has been subject to substantial volatility, which could adversely affect the price at which you may sell your Notes. In addition, subsequent to their initial issue, the Notes may trade at a discount from their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar notes, our operating performance and other factors. As a result, an active trading market for the Notes may not develop or, if developed, may not continue, and you may be unable to sell your Notes.
Furthermore, it is possible that the market for the Notes will be subject to disruptions. Any such disruption may have a negative effect on you, as a holder of the Notes, regardless of our prospects and financial performance. As a result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all. In addition, the Indenture will allow the Issuer to issue additional Notes in the future which could adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes offered hereby.
The Notes will initially be held in book-entry form, and therefore you must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing systems to exercise any rights and remedies. The Notes will initially only be issued in global form and held by, or on behalf of, a common depositary and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
50
Interests in the global notes will trade in book-entry form only, and the Notes in definitive registered form ("definitive registered notes"), will be issued in exchange for book-entry interests only in very limited circumstances. Owners of book-entry interests will not be considered owners of the Notes. The common depositary, or its nominee, for Euroclear and Clearstream will be the sole registered holder of the global notes representing the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and other amounts owing on or in respect of the global notes representing the Notes will be made to Elavon Financial Services Limited, UK Branch, as Paying Agent, which will make payments to Euroclear and Clearstream. Thereafter, these payments will be credited to participants' accounts that hold book-entry interests in the global notes representing the Notes and credited by such participants to indirect participants. After payment to the Paying Agent for Euroclear and Clearstream, we will have no responsibility or liability for the payment of interest, principal or other amounts to the owners of book-entry interests. Accordingly, if you own a book-entry interest, you must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, and if you are not a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, on the procedures of the participant through which you own your interest, to exercise any rights and obligations of a holder of the Notes under the Indenture.
