To the extent surplus liquidity arises, it is used primarily to repay debt. I f this is impossible, the surplus funds are invested within internally defined limits with banks that are counterparties to the group's credit agreements.
Ovako is exposed to currency risk because the group's base currency is the euro, which is also the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements as of 1January 2011, while a portion of revenues and a large share of expenses are denominated in other currencies. The great est currency risk is linked to the Swedish krona (SEK) primarily because a large part of Ovako's production costs are in SEK. Appreciation of the Swedish krona by 1% in relation to the euro would have an estimated annualised negative impact on consolidated operating profit of EU R 1.6 million based on sales for 2011.
More than halfthe Ovako group's sales are in euro. The currency split for sales in 2011 was roughly as follows: 62% E UR, 28% SEK, 10% other currencies (mainly GBP and USD). The underlying purchase prices of key raw materials, such as iron scrap and alloys, are set in a global or European market and the functional purchasing currency is thus USD or EUR, even if the actual purchase price may be billed in local currency. Accordingly, these purchases function as de facto hedges of inflows in EU R and USD.
The group's currency risk is managed by Group Treasury, which is re sponsible for monitoring and managing total currency risk for the group. Currency risk is treated as translation exposure or transaction exposure.
Translation exposure is defined as the exposure arising from transla tion of currencies in subsidiaries' financial statements to the group's presentation currency. Translations that cause fluctuations in consoli dated equity comprise investments in subsidiaries whose functional currency is not EUR.
Effective 2011, all major Swedish subsidiaries are using the euro as the functional currency for accounting and presentation, which has signifi cantly reduced translation exposure. In order to minimise the translation effect on the net debt/equity ratio, the company also aims to mitigate currency risk by raising loans in the base currency of each business unit.
Transaction exposure affects profit and loss for the year when sales and purchases are denominated and settled in different currencies, and consists of cash flows from business transactions in currencies other than the group's base currency.
The group's borrowings are denominated in euro and are intended to act as hedges against anticipated operating inflows in euro. Other currency flows that arise in connection with purchases and sales are short-term in nature and normally not hedged.
Ovako group management may decide from time to time to hedge contracted net exposure from sales in currencies other than the base or trading currency to secure margins.
