· subjecting us to restrictive covenants, including, in the case of our Revolving Credit Facility, financial covenants, the non-compliance with which could result in an event of default under, or acceleration of, our indebtedness.
Despite our high level of indebtedness and restrictive covenants, we and our subsidiaries will still be able to incur significant additional amounts of debt or make certain restricted payments, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage.
We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, including any Additional Pension Insurance Line or other additional secured indebtedness, in the future. Although the Indenture and the agreements governing the Revolving Credit Facility and the Original Pension Insurance Line will contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions and, under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness (including secured indebtedness) that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Following this Refinancing, we expect to have EUR40 million immediately available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility. Under the Indenture, in addition to specified permitted debt, we will be able to incur additional indebtedness so long as on a pro forma basis our fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in the Indenture) is at least 2.0 to 1.0 and additional indebtedness sharing in the Collateral securing the Notes so long as on a pro forma basis our consolidated senior secured leverage ratio (as defined in the Indenture) is no greater than 3.5 to 1.0. In addition, neither the Indenture nor the agreements governing the Revolving Credit Facility and Original Pension Insurance Line will prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness under those agreements. Moreover, some of the debt we may incur in the future could be effectively and structurally senior to the Notes and may be secured by collateral that does not secure the Notes. The incurrence of additional debt would increase the leverage-related risks described in this offering memorandum. If we are able to designate some of our restricted subsidiaries under the Indenture as unrestricted subsidiaries, those unrestricted subsidiaries would be permitted to borrow beyond the limitations specified in the Indenture and engage in other activities in which restricted subsidiaries may not engage. We are also permitted to invest in joint ventures and acquisitions, which may increase our indebtedness. Moreover, although the Indenture and the agreements governing the Revolving Credit Facility and Original Pension Insurance Line will contain restrictions on our ability to make restricted payments, including the declaration and payment of dividends, we will be able to make substantial restricted payments under certain circumstances. Adding new debt to our and our subsidiaries' existing debt levels or making restricted payments could exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage described above, including our possible inability to service our debt.
53
We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, including due to factors outside our control, and we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
Our ability to service our indebtedness will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors. Some of these factors are beyond our control. In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future to make payments on our debt will depend on the satisfaction of the covenants in our debt agreements, including the Indenture, and other agreements we may enter into in the future. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make interest and principal payments on our debt, including the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs.
If our cash flows from operations and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, forego opportunities, or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not be sufficient to enable us to meet our scheduled debt obligations. In the absence of such cash flows and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be required to sell material assets to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those asset sales to raise capital or sell assets at prices and on terms that we believe are fair, and any proceeds that we receive may not be adequate to meet any debt obligations then due. If we cannot meet our debt obligations, the holders of our debt may accelerate our debt and, to the extent such debt is secured, foreclose on our assets securing such debt. In such an event, we may not have sufficient assets to repay all of our debt.
In addition, any failure to make payments of interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. For a discussion of our cash flows and liquidity, see "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations-- Results o f operations--Liquidity and capital resources".
We are subject to restrictive debt covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business and our ability to raise additional funds.
