Each of the covenants is subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility" and "Description o f Notes-- Certain covenants". Despite these exceptions and qualifications, the covenants contained in the Indenture and the agreements governing the Revolving Credit Facility and the Original Pension Insurance Line could materially affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to react to market conditions, raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns, take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise or grow in accordance with our strategy. For example, such restrictions could adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, make strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances, restructure our organization or finance our capital needs.
Creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Pension Insurance Line, any credit facility that refinances or replaces the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale, or from the Collateral following a Distress Event in priority to the Notes. Holders of the Notes will not control decisions regarding the Collateral in certain circumstances.
The Notes and the Guarantees will be secured initially on a first-ranking basis by the same Collateral securing the obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Original Pension Insurance Line and certain hedging liabilities. In addition, under the terms of the Indenture, we will be permitted to incur significant additional indebtedness and other obligations that may be secured by the same Collateral on a pari passu or on a super-priority basis, including any Additional Pension Insurance Line, other future credit facilities and certain hedging liabilities.
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Pension Insurance Line, certain future credit facilities (subject to the incurrence of additional indebtedness permitted by the Indenture) and certain hedging liabilities will be entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale, or from the Collateral following a Distress Event, in priority to the Notes. As such, in the event of a foreclosure on the Collateral, you may not be able to recover amounts owed to you if the then outstanding claims under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Pension Insurance Line, certain future credit facilities and such hedging obligations are greater than the proceeds realized. Any proceeds from an enforcement sale of the Collateral by any creditor, or from the Collateral following a Distress Event, will, after all obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Pension Insurance Line, future credit facilities benefitting from such ranking and such hedging obligations have been
55
discharged from such recoveries, be applied pro rata in repayment of the Notes and any other obligations secured by the Collateral which are permitted to rank pari passu with the Notes.
The lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Pension Insurance Line, certain future credit facilities and creditors in respect of certain hedging obligations may have interests that are different from the interests of holders of the Notes and they may, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, elect to pursue their remedies under the Security Documents at a time when it would be disadvantageous for the holders of the Notes to do so.
In addition, if the Security Agent sells Collateral comprising the shares of any of our subsidiaries as a result of an enforcement action in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, claims under the Guarantees and the liens over any assets of such entities securing the Notes and the Guarantees may be released. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement" and "Description o f Notes--Security--Release".
Our failure to comply with the covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Pension Insurance Line or the Indenture, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
