In addition, if the Security Agent sells Collateral comprising the shares of any of our subsidiaries as a result of an enforcement action in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, claims under the Guarantees and the liens over any assets of such entities securing the Notes and the Guarantees may be released. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement" and "Description o f Notes--Security--Release".
The Revolving Credit Facility, the Original Pension Insurance Line and the Indenture require us to comply with various covenants, including any financial covenant in the Revolving Credit Facility requiring us to satisfy specified financial tests.
The Revolving Credit Facility requires us to maintain a minimum Consolidated EBITDA (as defined therein). See "Description o f other indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility". Our ability to meet these financial ratios and tests could be affected by a deterioration in our results of operations, as well as by events beyond our control, including decreases in tariffs and unfavorable economic conditions, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those tests. Moreover, the Original Pension Insurance Line and the Revolving Credit Facility includes certain events of default (such as breach of representations and warranties and cross-payment defaults) that are in addition to the events of default set forth in the Indenture. If an event of default occurs under the Original Pension Insurance Line or the Revolving Credit Facility or any other of our debt instruments and is not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt could terminate their commitments and declare all amounts borrowed, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. Borrowings under other debt instruments, including the Notes, that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions also may be accelerated or become payable on demand. In these circumstances, our assets and cash flows may not be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness and our other indebtedness, including the Notes then outstanding, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation, and we might not be able to repay our obligations under the Notes in such an event.
The Issuer and the Guarantors may be subject to mandatory liquidation due to capital deficiency.
As at the date of this offering memorandum, the registered share capital of the Issuer is EUR60,000. The Issuer is a company established under the laws of Sweden, limited by shares and is as such subject to the rules on mandatory liquidation due to capital deficiency in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). These rules prescribe that the board of directors shall immediately prepare and cause the company's auditors to examine a special balance sheet for liquidation purposes if (i) there is reason to believe that the shareholders' equity (assets minus liabilities), as would be shown by such special balance sheet, is less than one half of the registered share capital or (ii) in conjunction with execution pursuant to chapter 4 of the Enforcement of Judgment Code (Sw. utsökningsbalken), it is shown that the company lacks attachable assets. Where the balance sheet for liquidation purposes shows that the company's shareholders' equity is less than half of the registered share capital, the board of directors shall, as soon as possible, issue notice to attend a general meeting which shall consider whether the
56
company shall go into liquidation (initial meeting for liquidation purposes). Where the balance sheet for liquidation purposes presented at the initial meeting for liquidation purposes fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, shareholders' equity amounted to at least the registered share capital and the general meeting has not resolved that the company shall go into liquidation, the general meeting shall, within a certain period of time (normally eight months) of the initial meeting for liquidation purposes, reconsider the issue whether the company shall go into liquidation (second meeting for liquidation purposes). If the shareholders' equity due to loss-making operations or a decline in asset value is reduced to less than EUR30,000, the Issuer will have to restore the shareholders' equity to at least EUR60,000 or suffer mandatory liquidation as described above. The shareholders' equity can be restored by a capital contribution from the shareholder or through a conversion of shareholders loan to equity through a shareholders' contribution (Sw. aktieagartillskott).
57
Use of proceeds
