Notes:
(2) Reflects the repayment of our existing Senior Credit Facilities, including amounts outstanding under the existing revolving credit facility provided under the Senior Facilities Agreement. The Issuer will enter into the new Revolving Facility Agreement on or about the Issue Date which will provide for a Revolving Credit Facility which is expected to be undrawn on the Issue Date although we expect to roll over into the Revolving Credit Facility from our Senior Credit Facilities an overdraft facility for approximately EUR10 million and approximately EUR2.5 million in bank guarantees. In addition, the Senior Credit Facilities Agreement provided for a pension guarantee facility which was undrawn. This will be replaced by the Original Pension Insurance Line we intend to enter into on our about the Issue Date. The principal amounts outstanding under our Senior Credit Facilities to be repaid are based on the amounts outstanding thereunder on March 31, 2014 and exclude any accrued interest between March 31, 2014 and the date hereof and breakage costs. See "Description o f other indebtedness-- Other indebtedness to be repaid in connection with the transaction."
(3) Reflects fees and expenses estimated in connection with the Refinancing, including discounts and other commissions, advisory and other professional fees and other transaction costs excluding such fees and costs associated with the Revolving Credit Facility and the Pension Insurance Line. Actual fees and expenses may differ.
58
Capitalization
The following table sets forth, on a consolidated basis, our unaudited cash and cash equivalents and capitalization as of March 31, 2014 (i) on a historical basis and (ii) on an adjusted basis to give effect to the Refinancing and the application of the use of proceeds therefrom, as described in "Use o f proceeds" as if it had occurred on March 31, 2014.
The historical information has been derived from the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. You should read this table in conjunction with "Use o f proceeds", "Selected historical consolidated financial data", "Description o f other indebtedness", "Description o f Notes" and our financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. The unaudited capitalization data has been prepared for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of our capitalization following the completion of the Refinancing. Except as set forth below, there have been no other material changes to our capitalization since March 31, 2014.
Cash and cash equivalents
As of March 31, 2014
