The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Ernst & Young AB's audit reports thereon as well as the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements and Ernst & Young AB's review report thereon are included in this offering memorandum beginning on page F-1.
In addition, we have included certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios in this offering memorandum. See "--Non IFRS financial measures".
The Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the F-pages to this offering memorandum should be read in conjunction with the notes thereto. The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. In making an investment decision, you must rely upon your own examination of the terms of the Offering of
ix
the Notes and the financial information contained in this offering memorandum. You should consult your own professional advisors for an understanding of the differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP and how those differences could affect the financial information contained in this offering memorandum. These standards also require management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the Consolidated Financial Statements are disclosed in the financial statements. The accounting policies for the Parent Company are set out in the "F-pages" of this offering memorandum.
The unaudited consolidated pro forma financial data contained in this offering memorandum has not been prepared on the basis of IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles and has been derived by applying pro forma adjustments to our historical Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum and gives effect to the Refinancing and the use of proceeds therefrom as described in "Use of proceeds", as if they had occurred on April 1, 2013 for the pro forma income statement information and on March 31, 2014 for the pro forma balance sheet information. The unaudited consolidated pro forma adjustments and the unaudited pro forma financial data set out in this offering memorandum are based on available information and certain assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable but may differ materially from the actual amounts. The pro forma financial information is for informational purposes only and does not purport to present what our results would actually have been had these transactions occurred on the dates presented or to project our results of operations or financial position for any future period or our financial condition at any future date.
Financial information marked as "unaudited" in tables in this offering memorandum is not extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and was either extracted from the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, the Parent Company's internal accounting system or are calculations based on unaudited amounts from the abovementioned sources.
Certain numerical figures set out in this offering memorandum, including financial data presented in millions or thousands and percentages, have been subject to rounding adjustments and, as a result, the totals of the data in this offering memorandum may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such information. Percentages and amounts reflecting changes over time periods relating to financial and other data set forth in "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" are calculated using the numerical data in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Parent Company or the tabular presentation of other data (subject to rounding) contained in this offering memorandum, as applicable, and not using the numerical data in the narrative description thereof.
The financial information included in this offering memorandum is not intended to comply with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC which would apply if this offering memorandum, the Notes and the Guarantees were being registered with the SEC.
