Report on the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements We have audited the accompanying annual accounts and consolidated financial statements ofTriako Midco AB for the financial year that began 1January 2011 and ended 31 December 2011. The formal annual accounts and consolidated financial statements are included on pages 20-52 o f this document.
The auditor's responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We have conducted the audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted auditing practices in Sweden. These standards require us to comply with standards of professional ethic and that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance that the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves obtaining audit evidence by means ofvarious procedures about the amounts and other disclosures in the annual accounts and the consolidated financial statements. The auditor selects which procedures to perform, in part based on assessment of the risk of material misstatement in the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements, whether caused by fraud or error. In the course of this risk assessment, the auditor considers the components of internal control relevant to the company's preparation and fair presentation of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of the accounting policies applied and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the Board of Directors, as well as evaluating the over all presentation of the annual accounts and the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate as a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and provide a fair presentation,
in all material respects, of the financial position of the parent company at 31 December 2011 and of its financial results and cash flows for the year ended on that date, in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act; and that the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and provide a fair presentation, in all material respects, of the financial position of the group at 31 December 2011 and of its financial results and cash flows, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU and the Annual Accounts Act. The statutory Board of Directors'Report is consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts and the consolidated financial statements.
We therefore recommend that the annual meeting of shareholders adopt the income statements, statements of comprehensive income and balance sheets for the parent company and the group.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements In addition to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements, we have also examined the proposed disposition of the company's profit or loss and the management of the company by the Board of Directors ofTriako Midco AB for the financial year ending 31 December 2011.
Responsibility of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the proposed dispo sition of the company's profit or loss and is responsible for management of the company under the Swedish Companies Act.
