(2) Represents the amount of total cash assuming the completion of the Refinancing had occurred on March 31, 2014. Total cash at the time of the completion of the Offering on the actual Issue Date will be different because of, among other reasons, interim trading results, scheduled payments of principal on our Senior Credit Facilities and payment of accrued but unpaid interest on our Senior Credit Facilities. See footnotes (2) and (3) in the section "Use o f proceeds".
(4) On or about the Issue Date, we will enter into the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement in the amount of EUR40.0 million which is expected to be undrawn on the Issue Date. We expect to roll over into the Revolving Credit Facility from our Senior Credit Facilities an overdraft facility for approximately EUR10 million and approximately EUR2.5 million in bank guarantees.
See "Description o f other indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility for further information.
(5) The Notes have been reflected in the table at their aggregate principal amount of EUR300.0 million, which excludes capitalized issue costs of the Notes that will be amortized over the life of the Notes as additional interest expense.
(6) Total equity as adjusted as of March 31, 2014 reflects the write-off of the loan arrangement costs relating to the Senior Credit Facilities in the amount of EUR9.7 million.
59
Selected historical consolidated financial data
The following tables contain selected consolidated financial information o f the Parent Company. This financial information differs from the financial information o f the Issuer. See "Presentation o f financial and other data".
The historical financial statement data as o f and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 have been derived from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements o f the Parent Company included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. The historical unaudited financial statement data as o f March 31, 2014 and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. The unaudited summary consolidated financial statements as o f March 31, 2014 and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 have been prepared on a basis consistent with the basis on which our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared and, in the opinion o f our management, include all adjustments, consisting only o f normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation o f such financial statements. These interim results are not necessarily indicative o f results to be expected for the full year. See "Presentation o f financial and other data".
