24 622
F-110
Notes Note 1 Accounting and valuation principles The accounting policies applied are consistent w ith the A nnual A ccounts A ct and statem ents and general advice from the Sw edish A ccounting Standards Board. W hen general advices from the Sw edish A ccounting Standards B oard are not available guidance has been obtained from the Sw edish Financial A ccounting Standards council and, w here applicable, from the statem ents o f F A R (the institute for the accounting profession in Sw eden).W hen this is the case, this is indicated separately below . The principles are unchanged com pared to last year.
Valuation principles A ssets, provisions and liabilities are valued at cost unless otherw ise stated.
Receivables R eceivables are recognised at the am ount at w hich they after individual assessm ent are expected to be paid.
Foreign currencies A ssets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated at the closing rate. In cases w here hedging has been used, such as forw ard contracts, the forw ard rate is used. E xchange differences on operating receivables and liabilities are reported as other operating incom e /expenses. E xchange rate differences on financial assets and liabilities are recognised in financial incom e and expenses.
Income taxes Total tax com prises current and deferred tax. Taxes are recognised in the incom e statem ent except w h en the underlying transaction is recognised directly in equity, in w hich case it is recognised in equity. D eferred tax is calculated using the balance sheet m ethod, providing for tem porary differences betw een the tax bases o f assets and liabilities. The am ounts are calculated based to be settled w ith the tax rates and law s th at have been know n at the balance sheet date. T em porary differences in the form o f untaxed reserves are presented including deferred tax liability under the classification U ntaxed reserves. D eferred tax assets relating to loss carry forw ards and unused tax credits are recognized to the extent th at it is probable th at the allow ance can be offset against future taxable profits. B ecause o f the relationship betw een accounting and taxation the deferred tax liability on untaxed reserves are reported as part o f the untaxed reserves.
F-111
Intangible fixed assets Intangible fixed assets, w hich in O vako m ainly consist o f IT softw are including capitalised developm ent expenses, are recognised in the balance sheet at cost less accum ulated depreciations and im pairm ent losses. Intangible fixed assets are am ortised on straight-line basis over th eir estim ated useful lives to their estim ated residual value. The estim ated useful lives of intangible assets are n o rm ally 5 an d 10 years.
