The Board o f Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation o f these annual accounts in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act, and for such internal control as the Board o f Directors and the Managing Director determine is necessary to enable the preparation o f annual accounts that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these annual accounts based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the annual accounts are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the annual accounts. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment o f the risks o f material misstatement o f the annual accounts, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the company' s preparation and fair presentation o f the annual accounts in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose o f expressing an opinion on the effectiveness o f the company' s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness o f accounting policies used and the reasonableness o f accounting estimates made by the Board o f Directors and the Managing Director, as well as evaluating the overall presentation o f the annual accounts.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions.
Opinions
In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position o f Ovako A B as o f December 31, 2013 and o f its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act. The statutory administration report is consistent with the other parts o f the annual accounts.
We therefore recommend that the annual meeting o f shareholders adopt the income statement and balance sheet.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In addition to our audit o f the annual accounts, we have also audited the proposed appropriations o f the company' s profit or loss and the administration o f the Board o f Directors and the Managing Director o f Ovako A B for the year 2013-01-01 - 2013-12-31.
