the period......................................................... . 20.6 42.6 32.7
15.4
61
Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
The following discussion and analysis is based on our audited consolidated financial statements as o f and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 and our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as o f and for the three month periods ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. Our consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements.
You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the sections entitled "Summary consolidated financial and other data" and "Selected historical consolidated financial data" along with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
This discussion includes forward-looking statements which, although based on assumptions we consider reasonable, are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or conditions to differ materially from those expressed or implied herein. See "Forward-looking statements" and "Risk factors" for a discussion o f the risks, uncertainties and assumptions associated with these statements.
Overview
We are a leading European producer of engineering steel, with a focus on value add products for demanding engineering applications. We are headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, and have five main production facilities in Sweden and Finland, including three electric arc furnace ("EAF") melting facilities. We have three finishing facilities in France, Italy and the Netherlands and 15 sales offices across Europe and in the United States, Singapore and China.
