2013
Notes:
(1) Sales volume presented in this table excludes the operations of our former wire division operations, which were not acquired by Triton as part of the acquisition in August 2010.
Sales volume is the key driver for our production levels. Each year we have a certain amount of fixed costs, in particular employee costs and costs for repairs and maintenance. Our results of operations are impacted by our ability to operate our production plants at levels at or near the capacity of our current manning level. We define capacity in general in relation to the number of shifts that we operate as our equipment may enable greater production levels if we added additional shifts. High levels of production are important because they enable us to spread our fixed costs over a greater number of tons. However, each year we plan production stops during certain weeks in July, August and December. Any significant decreases in tons of engineering steel we produce and sell therefore have an impact on our profitability. During the period under review, we have responded to reductions in demand by reducing capacity through reductions of production shifts at our steel mills and flexible work time arrangements in Sweden and Finland, which has allowed us to reduce fixed costs.
In the past, various types of factors have impacted the volumes we were able to produce and sell. Prior to 2009, the European engineering steel industry benefited from insufficient capacity for production of machinery and equipment in Asia, which led to a significant increase in demand for the products of our European customers and therefore fuelled European demand for engineering steel, which was a key driver for the historical highs of our sales volume in 2006 and 2007. Despite the recent recovery of economic conditions, we do not believe that demand from Asia will reach pre-2009 levels as local production capacity in Asia has increased, which also partially substitutes the capacity required by our European customers, making it unlikely that such demand pressure will reoccur in Europe.
63
Production closures at our facilities also impact the volume of engineering steel that we can produce. For example, in 2012 and 2013, production closures due to fires at our steel mill in Imatra in Finland resulted in a closure of five weeks and six weeks, respectively, and therefore also contributed to the decrease in sales volume during these periods. Since the closure in 2013, or steel mill in Imatra has remained open for normal production.
Cyclical demand as a result of changing economic conditions and conditions in our customers' markets
General. The market for engineering steel is cyclical in nature. Demand for engineering steel products is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions and generally driven by GDP and industrial production growth, which are significant drivers of the markets in which our customers operate, in particular the automotive and transportation, other engineering, mining, oil & gas and energy production industries.
