Cyclical demand as a result of changing economic conditions and conditions in our customers' markets
Engineering steel industry. The engineering steel industry experienced a sharp fall in demand resulting from the economic crisis in late 2008 and 2009, which demonstrated the vulnerability of the engineering steel industry to volatility and sharp corrections. Beginning in the third quarter of 2008 and for much of 2009, the disruptions experienced by the global financial markets impacted industrial activity and consumer and government spending, which resulted in a large slump in demand, as consumers of engineering steel used up existing inventories and decreased purchases of new stock and, accordingly, the demand for engineering steel products decreased beyond that of cyclical fluctuations in GDP or industrial production. Producers of engineering steel, which are at the beginning of the engineered products value chain, were most affected by the reduction of stocks, as parties all along the value chain reduced their inventories, thereby aggravating the effects on the engineering steel producers. These factors significantly reduced the demand for the engineering steel products we produce, resulting in our sales volume decreasing by more than half, from 989 kt in 2008 to 418 kt in 2009.
The downward trend in the industry continued until the second half of 2009, when demand for our products began to increase gradually in line with global economic activity. The positive trend continued throughout 2010 and 2011 due to the continued recovery from the crisis, which resulted in an increase in our sales volume to 851 kt in 2011, compared to 418 kt in 2009 and 720 kt in 2010. However, in the second half of 2011, the turbulence in the financial markets and the unresolved sovereign debt issues in Europe resulted in a drop in confidence regarding the economic outlook and expected GDP growth. The impact of these developments on demand for our products was exacerbated by reduced orders as a result of destocking. These factors led to a fall in demand for our products and a significant decrease in our sales volume to 694 kt in 2012.
The engineering steel market stabilized again in the second half of 2013, driven mainly by gradually increasing European consumption and exports of European-manufactured vehicles, machinery and other equipment to emerging countries. The improved market situation in the second half of 2013 was primarily due to an underlying demand for high-end engineering steel products. The Nordic market slightly underperformed the rest of Europe where Germany in particular showed good progress. According to OECD data, during the second quarter of 2013 the European automotive and manufacturing industries, on a monthly basis compared to the previous year, reported an increase in total production for the first time since 2011. This positive trend continued into the remainder of the year. As a result of higher production rates in Europe, our order inflow strengthened and we also experienced a positive trend in terms of volumes since September of 2013.
End markets. The engineering steel industry is highly dependent on the level of activity in the end markets in which our customers operate, in particular the automotive and transportation, other engineering, mining, oil & gas and energy production industries. We estimate that, excluding sales to distributors, the automotive and transportation end markets, other engineering, mining, oil & gas exploration and extraction equipment and energy production accounted for approximately 40%, 30%, 10% and 5% of our total net sales in 2013, respectively.
64
We estimate that the remaining 15% of our total net sales in 2013 were derived from distributors. We do not have estimates of the end-markets to which distributers sell our products but we believe that most of our products sold to distributers are purchased by customers in the other engineering industry and automotive and transportation industry.
Within the automotive and transportation sector, our exposure has been primarily to heavy trucks and construction equipment, which accounts for most of our revenue from the automotive and transportation sector, and to a lesser extent on passenger cars. Our results of operations have therefore been particularly affected by changes in the demand for trucks and construction equipment, which is more sensitive than demand for passenger cars to actual or expected changes in economic conditions generally and change in GDP specifically.
Our end markets are cyclical. We are dependent not only on general production volumes and the product mix of our customers (which impacts the amount and type of our products that go into the final product) but also on changes in product attributes required by our customers and our ability to develop new products. Due to our position at the beginning of the production value chain, the demand for our products is not only affected by a change in actual or expected demand for our customers' products, but also by our customers reducing their own stocks and inventories. As a result, in times of economic weakness or uncertainty we typically see a larger reduction in orders because our customers reduce their inventories. For example, in recent economic downturns, such as the economic crisis that began in late 2008, we experienced a larger decline in demand for our products than the decrease in the underlying demand for our customers' products. Similarly, in a period of recovery or expected recovery from an economic downturn, we typically experience a larger increase in demand for our products earlier than an increase in the underlying demand for our customers' products as our customers increase their inventory in anticipation of higher demand for their products. See also "Risk factors--Risks relating to our business and industry--We are significantly dependent on our customers' end markets, in particular the automotive and transportation, other engineering, mining, oil & gas exploration and extraction equipment and energy production end markets."
