3.9
849.9 937.1 1,120.6
65
Due to our focus on Western Europe and the Nordics, our business is affected by macroeconomic conditions in Europe, and in particular the economies of Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland. See "Risk factors--Risks relating to our business and industry--The substantial majority o f our net sales are concentrated to Western Europe and the Nordics, in particular Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland. In addition, Eastern Europe is a significant market for us. An economic decline in Europe, generally, or in these countries, specifically, or a protracted period o f weak growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results o f operations."
Pricing of engineering steel products
Engineering steel products are some of the most technologically advanced and complex products in the steel industry and are often made-to-order and sold in smaller lot sizes, typically at higher margins than commodity steel products. Engineering steel products generally contain very precise levels of alloying elements and are sold to customers who require specific metallurgical properties and compliance with strict quality specifications.
Engineering steel sales prices typically include scrap and alloy surcharge clauses, effectively passing on the raw material price to customers. Prices for our engineering steel products generally include two components:
· Base price: the base price is negotiated with customers and depends mainly on market supply and demand and is typically adjusted at the beginning of each year for annual agreements.
· Scrap and alloy surcharge: this is a supplementary charge added by producers to the selling price of steel in order to offset price variation in raw materials. The scrap surcharge is based on an index price system for scrap. The actual amount of the surcharge is typically based on the average price of scrap during a contractually agreed reference period, which varies according to the contractually agreed date of delivery of our product to the customer, and varies depending on the type of product and the country where the product is being sold. The alloy surcharge is calculated using raw material prices quoted on certain exchanges, such as the LME, or is determined based on industry-wide statistics. Like the scrap surcharge, the actual amount of the surcharge is typically based on the average price of alloy during a contractually agreed reference period, which varies according to the contractually agreed date of delivery of our product to the customer, determined and varies depending on the type of product and the country where the product is being sold. Scrap and alloy surcharges are applied when prices are above a certain trigger point. This trigger point is generally sufficiently low such that movements in scrap and alloy prices are readily reflected by a change in the selling price per ton.
