· Base price: the base price is negotiated with customers and depends mainly on market supply and demand and is typically adjusted at the beginning of each year for annual agreements.
Our customer agreements specifying raw materials cost pass through typically allow us to adjust the reference period used for the determination of the scrap and alloy surcharge on a monthly basis. These frequent surcharge adjustments allow us to minimize the time lag for pass-through. The time it takes us to produce a product (our internal process time) is typically longer than the contractually agreed reference period used to determine the average scrap and alloy prices used for the sale of our products (contractually agreed surcharge reference period). Synchronizing our internal process time and the contractually agreed surcharge reference period is important because it allows us to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the price of scrap and alloy. More specifically, in periods of falling scrap and alloy prices and if the contractually agreed surcharge reference period is shorter than our internal process time, we may have to purchase scrap and alloy at higher costs that we may not be able to fully pass on to our customers.
We estimate that a majority of our sales volume in the year ended December 31, 2013 was subject to agreements that permit us to pass increases in scrap and alloy costs to our customers. The remaining sales volume is sold based on contracts which do not allow us to pass on increases of scrap and alloy prices to our customers. However, for these customers we manage our
66
exposure to fluctuations in scrap and alloy prices by making these sales on a monthly or quarterly basis, which allows us to set prices in accordance with our raw material costs at the time such contract is entered into.
For costs other than scrap and alloys, including energy, there is no surcharge clause and therefore no pass-through mechanism.
The base prices for our engineering steel products have been largely stable between 2011 and 2013. While our base prices decreased slightly in 2013, they increased slightly in 2012. Beyond raw materials prices, the sustainability of higher engineering steel prices will continue to depend on our customers' inventory levels as well as an increase in sustainable real demand for our customers' products, the timing of which we cannot predict.
Electricity, gas, fuel oil and other energy costs
Energy expenses accounted for 11.6%, 11.6% and 12.0% of our cost of goods sold in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Our largest energy related expenses are for electricity, which accounted for 50.8% of our energy expenses in 2013. Electricity is mainly used for running the electric arc furnaces to melt the scrap and to heat treatment furnaces. In addition to electricity, we also consume liquefied petroleum gas, natural gas and fuel oil, which are also used to heat treatment furnaces. Our electricity requirements are directly related to the volumes we produce.
