· "Pro forma net financial debt" is defined as total third party debt excluding finance lease liabilities, net of cash and cash equivalents of the Group, on a consolidated basis as of March 31, 2014 after giving effect to the Refinancing, including the issuance of the Notes and the use of proceeds thereof as contemplated herein as if it occurred on March 31, 2014;
· "Trade working capital" is defined as trade receivables plus inventories less trade payables.
We have presented these financial measures as they are used by our management to monitor our financial results and available operating liquidity. We believe such measures represent similar measures that are often used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interested parties and can be useful indicators of financial position, financial performance and liquidity when read together with IFRS measures. We believe these measures enhance the investor's understanding of indebtedness and our current ability to fund our ongoing operations. You should exercize caution in comparing non-IFRS measures to IFRS measures or to similar non-IFRS measures reported by other companies.
These non-IFRS measures and related ratios presented in this offering memorandum should not be considered in isolation and are not measures of liquidity or performance, are not measures determined based on IFRS or any other internationally accepted accounting principles, and you should not consider such items as an alternative to the historical financial results or other indicators of our performance or liquidity based on IFRS. These non-IFRS financial measures, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures as presented by other
xi
companies due to differences in the way our non-IFRS financial measures are calculated. The nonIFRS measures we present may also be defined differently than the corresponding terms under the Indenture (as defined herein) the Revolving Credit Facility and the Original Pension Insurance Line. The non-IFRS financial information contained in this offering memorandum is not intended to comply with the reporting requirements of the SEC and will not be subject to review by the SEC. Even though the non-IFRS financial measures are used by management to assess our financial position, financial results and liquidity and these types of measures are commonly used by investors, they have important limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our financial position or results of operations as reported under IFRS.
Other data
In this offering memorandum we present percentage changes in our order intake. Customers typically purchase products from us on a purchase order basis and may increase, reduce and, in some instances, cancel their orders. Due to the nature of the end market we serve, our customary arrangements also permit customers to delay orders. The changes in our order intake presented in this offering memorandum are therefore subject to any such adjustments.
Certain figures in this offering memorandum have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, amounts shown as totals in tables or elsewhere may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. In addition, certain percentages presented in the tables in this offering memorandum reflect calculations based upon the underlying information prior to rounding and, accordingly, may not conform exactly to the percentages that would be derived if the relevant calculations were based upon the rounded numbers.
