67
We generally enter into annual contracts for the supply of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), natural gas and fuel oil, which include a base price and an average monthly surcharge based on market prices. As a result, changes in market prices of LPG, natural gas and fuel oil are typically passed on to us. At present we do not hedge our gas and fuel oil costs.
Impact of currency exchange rate movements
We are exposed to currency risk because our reporting currency is the EUR, while a portion of our revenues and a large share of our expenses are denominated in other currencies. The greatest currency risk is linked to the SEK, primarily because a large part of our production costs are in SEK. In 2013, sales in EUR accounted for 61% of our total net sales, compared to 28% and 11% for SEK and other currencies (mainly GBP and US$), respectively. The underlying purchase prices of key raw materials, such as iron scrap and alloys, are set in global or European markets and the functional purchasing currency is thus US$ and EUR, even if the actual purchase price may be invoiced in SEK.
Appreciation of the SEK by 10% in relation to the EUR would have an estimated annualized negative impact on consolidated operating profit of EUR19.0 million based on 2013 sales volumes and not taking into account foreign exchange hedges. From time to time we may decide to hedge contractual net exposures from sales and purchases in currencies other than our base currency or trading currency to hedge margins. We were not party to any currency derivatives for most of 2013 but in November 2013 we signed a foreign exchange forward contract that hedges approximately 37% of our estimated net outflow in SEK during 2014, with a total value of approximately EUR75.0 million. Hedge accounting is applied and the currency derivatives are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges, where the initial gross flows in SEK amounting to a certain amount are hedged each month. See note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 for further information.
Seasonality
Our business is subject to seasonal trends when measured on a half yearly basis. Demand for engineering steel products typically declines during July and August as during these months many customers are working reduced shifts or have plant closures. In addition, our manufacturing plants traditionally close for maintenance in July and August and part of December of each year. Most of our maintenance and repair expenses are usually incurred during the second half of our financial year, especially during the summer and Christmas holiday seasons, which is generally the least disruptive time to have plants cease production while maintenance and repairs are undertaken. Customers may also reduce their inventories at the end of the year in connection with their year-end balance sheet planning, as happened in December 2011 and 2012, which could have an impact on our net sales. As a result, we generally operate at lower capacity in the second half of our financial year. In each such period, due to lower capacity utilization that we experience or due to our own plant shutdowns and maintenance that we perform during summer months, our overhead absorption may be reduced and our plants may run at less than optimal efficiencies. Our results of operations are therefore typically stronger during the first six months of each year than during the last six months of each year.
Inventory
Changes in inventories affect our results of operations and cash flows from operating activities. In line with the absorption costing method of accounting for costs associated with the manufacturing of our products, our costs for raw materials and employees are capitalized in work in progress and finished goods inventory and are expensed through our income statement
