Inventory
68
when the finished goods are sold. This means that in any year some of the costs associated with manufacturing our products will not flow through the income statement as an expense but will remain in our inventory accounts on our balance sheet. In periods of decreases in our sales volume as a result of decreasing demand for our products, we typically reduce our inventories, which has a positive impact on our cash flows from operating activities. However, a release of inventory also results in an expense of the fixed cost elements capitalized in work in progress and finished goods, which is shown separately as changes in inventories and work in progress within cost of goods sold, resulting in a negative impact on our results of operations. During periods when we build up our inventory, for example in response to increases in demand for our products, our cash flow is negatively impacted but our results from operations are positively impacted. In 2012, our inventories decreased significantly, which was attributable to both the significant decrease in our sales volume in 2012 and our decision to actively manage our working capital. This contributed to a significant cash inflow but had a negative impact on our results of operations. The impact of changes in our inventories in 2013 was less significant, reflecting a lower decrease in sales volume compared to 2012 and inventory build up in the second half of the year reflecting increased demand for our products. In the first quarter of 2014, inventory volumes increased compared to the corresponding quarter of 2013, reflecting increased sales volume and higher production. Due to lower raw material prices in the first quarter of 2014, the value of our inventories on our balance sheet as of March 31, 2014 is slightly below the value of our inventories as of March 31, 2013.
Product mix
We produce hundreds of grades of materials, with a wide range of pricing and profit levels depending on the grade, shape and further processing applied to the product. As is common for our industry, the relative demand for particular products, or "product mix", can therefore also affect our results of operations. In addition, our product mix within a period is subject to the fluctuating order patterns of our customers as well as decisions we may make on participation in certain products based on available capacity. Over time the impact of our product mix may fluctuate and period-to-period comparisons may vary.
Initiatives taken in response to unfavorable economic conditions
In 2011, we launched several initiatives to reduce our cost structure. These initiatives targeted both our fixed costs, which we define as our employee benefit expenses and other operating costs (costs for repairs and maintenance, external services and other operating costs) and variable costs, which we define as costs for raw materials, energy costs, costs for supplies, freight and other distribution costs and changes in inventories and work in progress. As a result of our cost reduction initiatives, on a constant currency basis, our fixed costs decreased by EUR22.0 million, or 6.8%, from EUR325.0 million in 2011 to EUR303.0 million in 2013. This decrease was partly driven by our headcount reductions from 3,239 as of December 31, 2011 to 2,995 as of December 31, 2013, as production shifts at our steel mills were reduced and flexible work time agreements in Sweden and Finland were implemented. Our variable costs have decreased primarily as a result of reduced energy costs due to our new electricity price hedging policy, reduced transportation costs as a result of renegotiated transportation agreements in Eastern Europe and centralization and optimization of purchasing of supplies.
Principal income statement items
The following is a brief description of the most significant line items that are included in our consolidated income statement. For more information, see the notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
