Selling expenses. Our selling expenses in 2012 were slightly higher than in 2011, mainly reflecting the strengthening of our sales and marketing organization in response to the significant drop in sales volume amid uncertain economic conditions, which we started in 2012.
Other operating income. The significant increase in other operating income in 2012 was due to an insurance compensation we received in 2012 in relation to a fire at our Imatra mill in Finland in August 2012. Other operating income in 2011 did not include insurance compensation.
Operating profit/(loss). As a result of the factors discussed above our operating profit in 2012 was significantly below our operating profit in 2011.
Financial income. The slight decrease in financial income in 2012 compared to 2011 was the result of a decrease in interest income from receivables.
Financial costs. The decrease in financial costs was the result of a decrease in interest expenses for financial liabilities, partially offset by exchange losses and impairment of financial receivables.
77
Profit before taxes. As a result of the factors discussed above, we suffered a loss before taxes in 2012, compared to a profit before taxes in 2012. Taxes. The income tax credit in 2012 included a positive impact of the change in income tax rate in Sweden from January 1, 2013, which led to a revaluation of deferred tax liabilities as at December 31, 2012. Net profit/(loss) for the year. As a result of the factors discussed above, we suffered a net loss in 2012, compared to a net profit in 2011.
Liquidity and capital resources
General. Our principal source of liquidity has been cash generated from operations together with our short- and long-term debt financing. Our principal liquidity requirements have been and are expected to be the purchase of raw materials and the payment of employee expenses, energy and supplies. We can manage our liquidity needs in the Group by using our cash-pooling arrangements. Following completion of the Refinancing, our principal source of liquidity will continue to be cash generated from operations and will be supplemented by amounts drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility. We expect to draw on the Revolving Credit Facility to service our working capital needs and for other general corporate purposes. Borrowings and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility will be subject to certain conditions precedent, including compliance with financial maintenance and other covenants and representations and warranties. We expect to roll over into the Revolving Credit Facility from our Senior Credit Facilities an overdraft facility for approximately EUR10 million and approximately EUR2.5 million in bank guarantees. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility" for a description of the Revolving Credit Facility. Our ability to generate cash from our operations depends on our future operating performance, which in turn depends on general economic, financial, competitive, market, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, as well as other factors discussed in this offering memorandum. See "Risk factors". Although we believe that our expected cash flows from operations, together with available borrowings and cash on hand will be adequate to meet our anticipated liquidity and debt service needs over the next 12 months, we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future debt and equity financing will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debts when due, including the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs.
