Off-balance sheet arrangements
Pension liabilities
We have entered into a number of pension plans in accordance with local regulations and agreements, which include both defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Certain group companies have specific pension plans for management personnel. In Sweden, there are both defined contribution plans, for which pension payments are managed by insurance companies and defined benefit plans, for which our pension obligations are secured in the Swedish PRI/FPG system. Pension benefits in our Finnish companies are secured by local insurance companies and a voluntary pension agreement covered by supplemental insurance. Pensions in Finland are mainly covered by the statutory TEL pension system. As of December 31, 2013, the net liability of our pensions and other post-employment benefit obligations amounted to EUR72.5 million. See note 19 to our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding pensions and other post-employment benefits.
Pension Insurance Line
On or prior to the issuance of the Notes, the Issuer and certain of its subsidiaries will enter into a super senior pension insurance line agreement (the "Original Pension Insurance Line Agreement") expressed to be governed by English law with, Nordea Bank AB (publ) as agent (the "PIL Agent"), Nordea Bank Finland Plc as issuing bank (the "Issuing Bank"), ACE European Group Ltd and HCC International Insurance Company PLC as original lenders and U.S. Bank Trustees Limited as the security agent, providing for a committed SEK440.0 million pension insurance line (the "Original Pension Insurance Line"). Subject to certain exceptions, utilizations may be utilized, repaid and re-utilized at any time, however only five utilizations are allowed to be outstanding at any time. Utilizations under the Original Pension Insurance Line may be used for the issuance by the Issuing Bank of a pension insurance guarantee in favor of PRI Pensionsgaranti, Mutual Insurance Company in respect of certain pension liabilities of the Group or to refinance pension guarantee commitments under the Senior Facilities Agreement.
The Original Pension Insurance Line matures on the date falling four years and nine months after the Issue Date.
The pension guarantee commission payable to each lender is 2.85% per annum on the outstanding amount of each pension insurance guarantee.
We are also required to pay a commitment fee in arrears on the last day of each successive threemonth period during the availability of the Original Pension Insurance Line, on the available but unused commitments under the Original Pension Insurance Line at a rate of 50% of the pension guarantee commission. The fronting fee payable to the Issuing Bank is 0.125% per annum on the outstanding amount which is counter-indemnified by the relevant lenders of each pension insurance guarantee.
The Original Pension Insurance Line will be guaranteed by, among others, the Parent Company, the Issuer, and the other Guarantors and will be secured by the same Collateral that secures the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility. The Guarantor Threshold Test under the Revolving Credit Facility will apply also in respect of the Original Pension Insurance Line. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility".
