We are also required to pay a commitment fee in arrears on the last day of each successive threemonth period during the availability of the Original Pension Insurance Line, on the available but unused commitments under the Original Pension Insurance Line at a rate of 50% of the pension guarantee commission. The fronting fee payable to the Issuing Bank is 0.125% per annum on the outstanding amount which is counter-indemnified by the relevant lenders of each pension insurance guarantee.
84
Subject to certain conditions, we may voluntarily prepay all or part of our utilizations or permanently cancel all or part of the available commitments under the Original Pension Insurance Line, by giving five or three, respectively, business days' prior written notice to the PIL Agent. Amounts prepaid or repaid may (subject to the terms of the Original Pension Insurance Line Agreement) be reborrowed. In addition to any voluntary prepayments, the Mandatory Prepayment Provisions under the Revolving Credit Facility apply to the Original Pension Insurance Line. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility".
The Restrictive Covenants, Information Undertakings and Event of Default Provisions under the Revolving Credit Facility also apply to the Original Pension Insurance Line. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility".
The occurrence of any event of default would, subject to any applicable grace periods, cure rights or agreed exceptions, entitle the lenders under the Original Pension Insurance Line to cancel their commitments, demand cash cover in respect of each pension insurance guarantee (immediately due and payable or payable on demand).
No Default or Event of Default (other than payment defaults) shall be deemed to have occurred or be continuing under the Original Pension Insurance Line unless a corresponding Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (or any replacement facility) and such Default or Event of Default shall only be continuing for as long as the corresponding Default or Event of Default is continuing under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement.
Provided that the creditors of the Pension Insurance Line (the " PIL Lenders") are permitted to take enforcement action, a standstill period of (i) 120 days if they take enforcement action due to a payment default and (i) 150 days if they take enforcement action due to any other default, from the date when they effectively delivered an enforcement notice will apply. The PIL Lenders may not take any action during this period.
The Restricted Group may further enter into any additional Pension Insurance Line Agreement (an "Additional Pension Insurance Line Agreement") pursuant to which pension liabilities of the Restricted Group are guaranteed provided that:
(i) no default may occur under the terms of the relevant Pension Insurance Line Agreement and any other finance documents relating to the relevant Pension Insurance Line, unless there is also a default under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement;
