(b) the entry by a member of the Group into a joint venture; or
(c) any member of the Group making any green field investment, including, without limitation, the start-up of a new business or undertaking,
to the extent that the aggregate commitments under all Pension Insurance Line Agreements are in excess of, or would be (taking into account such Pension Liabilities) be in excess of EUR70,000,000.
Quantitative and qualitative disclosure of market risks
We are exposed to various types of risks including the risk of changes in exchange rates, interest rates, electricity prices, raw materials prices, risks in relation emissions credit, operational risks, liquidity and refinancing risks and credit and counterparty risks.
Foreign currency risk. Foreign currency risk is the risk of changes in exchange rates that adversely affect our earnings, equity and competitiveness. Translation exposure arises from translation of currencies in our subsidiaries' financial statements to the group's presentation currency, the EUR. Translations that cause fluctuations in consolidated equity comprise investments in subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the EUR. Since all major subsidiaries, including those in Sweden, use the EUR as their functional currency translation exposure is limited. Transaction exposure arises from exchange rate changes in net cash flow from business transactions in currencies other than the base currency. These changes affect profit and loss and the balance sheet continually throughout the year. Our borrowings are denominated in EUR and are intended to act as hedges against anticipated operating inflows in EUR. Other currency flows that arise in connection with purchases and sales are short-term in nature and are normally not hedged. Our management may decide from time to time to hedge contracted net exposure from sales and purchases in currencies other than the base or trading currency to secure margins. No significant currency derivatives existed in 2012 or most of 2013, but in November 2013 the group signed a foreign exchange forward contract that hedges approximately 37% of the estimated net outflow in SEK during 2014, with a total value of approximately EUR75 million.
Electricity price risk. Electricity price risk refers to the risk that changes in market prices for electricity will have an adverse impact on our earnings. We use hedge accounting for electricity derivatives since these have been designated as cash flow hedges. See note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 for further information.
Operational risks. There are several processes involved in steel production, and disruptions in one process may have serious effects in other process streams. There is a risk that operational downtime caused by factors such as transport problems or process disruptions will become very costly. These risks are mitigated by reducing raw materials inventories, work in progress and finished goods inventories. We also carry insurance to minimize costs in the event of damage and disruption.
Liquidity and refinancing risk. Liquidity and refinancing risk is the risk of us having insufficient access to funds necessary to meet our obligations.
