Operational risks. There are several processes involved in steel production, and disruptions in one process may have serious effects in other process streams. There is a risk that operational downtime caused by factors such as transport problems or process disruptions will become very costly. These risks are mitigated by reducing raw materials inventories, work in progress and finished goods inventories. We also carry insurance to minimize costs in the event of damage and disruption.
Credit and counterparty risk. Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will default on its payment obligations. We are exposed to credit and counterparty risk against financial counterparties when funds are deposited, when positive cash balances are maintained with banks and when financial derivatives are acquired. These risks are minimized by contracting only with financially stable banks or other counterparties.
Beyond the foregoing, credit risks are associated with trade receivables. Exposure to credit risk in trade receivables is managed according to the principles set out in the Credit Management Rules and Guidelines established by our management. According to these principles, credit risk in trade receivables is managed primarily through credit risk insurance, but also bank guarantees, advance and cash payment requirements and letter of credit to reduce the credit risk. A credit limit is established for each customer by our insurance company or internal control. The non covered part of the trade receivables should not exceed 2% of estimated yearly invoicing. At
86
year-end, over 95% of our outstanding trade receivables were covered by credit insurance. The five largest customers (groups including subsidiaries) account for 31% of consolidated sales and trade receivables. See note 23 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 for further information regarding our credit and counterparty risk.
Critical accounting policies
The preparation of our financial statements requires our management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions, based on the information available at the time of the preparation of the financial statements, that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as other disclosures. Estimates and related assumptions are based on historical experience and many other factors believed to represent the best available parameters for measuring assets and liabilities. Actual outcomes may differ from the estimates. We consider the following estimates and judgments to be the most critical in understanding the assumptions and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements and the uncertainties that could affect our financial results, financial condition and cash flows. A more detailed description of our accounting policies is provided in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. Pension benefit assumptions. Pension benefit obligations are based on actuarial valuations. A discount rate is used to measure the present value of the defined benefit obligations. These assumptions are assessed at least once a year for all plans in each country. Other assumptions, which may relate to demographic factors such as age of retirement, mortality rates and employee turnover, are reviewed less frequently and usually based on public statistics in each country. See note 19 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 for a sensitivity analysis showing the effects on the Swedish PRI/FPG liability of a change in the material assumptions underlying the calculation. Valuations o f inventories. Valuations of inventories contain estimates of net realizable value and assumptions pertaining to cost distribution and normal capacity, which may affect the carrying amount. Impairment testing. The carrying amounts of our non-current assets are tested to determine whether there is any indication of impairment loss when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount will not be recovered. The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is measured as the discounted cash flows expected to arise from the asset or the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs. No indications of impairment in our non-current assets were found during the year ended December 31, 2013. There is no goodwill recognized in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2013.
87
Industry
