87
Due to the lack o f publicly available information on the engineering steel segment o f the steel market, we commissioned the Metal Strategies Report. Generally, the industry and market data presented below is, unless otherwise indicated, taken or derived from the Metal Strategies Report. We have not independently verified and cannot give any assurance as to the accuracy of the industry and market data taken or derived from third party sources or contained in the Metal Strategies Report. See "Industry and Market Data". Industry and market data are subject to uncertainty and do not necessarily reflect actual industry or market conditions. They are based on industry or market research, which itself is based on sampling and subjective judgments by both the researchers and respondents, including judgments about what types o f products and competitors should be included in the relevant market.
Introduction to engineering steel
Grades and shapes
While there is a general understanding of what constitutes engineering steels, there is no precise definition. There are a number of differentiating factors between engineering steels, quality steel and basic carbon steels, from raw materials and alloys used, to the applications and to the mill equipment.
Engineering steels are steels for special engineering purposes also known as Special Bar Quality ("SBQ") and are defined in this section as alloyed steels (including bearing steels) and micro alloyed steels. Micro alloyed steels have alloy content below that of the alloyed steels and have special properties that make them appropriate in certain engineering applications. The term long engineering steel products describes engineering steels in the shape of hot rolled bar and semi finished products (ingots, blooms and billets) for production of seamless tubes and forged long products. They accounted for approximately 15% of all steels supplied as long products in the EU27 during 2013. Long products includes long engineering steel products and also wire and other long product shapes in multiple steels including several non-engineering steels.
Engineering steels, stainless steels, alloyed tool steels and other high alloyed steels, such as, special alloyed steels and nickel alloy steels are commonly referred to as special steels (or specialty steels).
Production process
About 75% of all steel made worldwide, and over 90% of steel made in China, is made via the integrated steelmaking route relying on coal, coke, iron ore, blast furnaces and basic oxygen steel-making furnaces ("BOF"). In contrast, the majority of engineering steel is made using the more flexible electric arc furnace ("EAF") steel-making route which is based on ferrous scrap or direct reduced iron feed as the primary raw material and uses natural gas (in rare cases also fuel oil) and electricity to melt the raw material. In addition to its greater operating flexibility, EAF steel production involves 50% lower capital costs and 75% lower carbon emissions than integrated steel making.
