Production process
The EAF, when used more on a customized batch processing basis, offers the advantage of not being a continuous process such as that relied on by mini mills and blast furnace-based integrated steel mills. Each batch of molten steel in an EAF can therefore be specifically built up by selecting scrap containing particular alloys and, together with external alloys, influence the properties of the specific melt. The EAF process is therefore very well suited for the production of a wide variety of chemically different grades of steel as the composition of the produced steel can be theoretically changed in each melting process so that the minimum production size of each steel grade is the size of the EAF melting vessel. In the continuous melting process of a blast furnace, the initial steel produced is of uniform chemical composition and needs to be chemically altered in a further production step through the addition of alloys which imposes additional time and cost steps.
88
The basic process flow for long engineering steel products (bar or semi finished) is as follows:
 Cold ferrous scrap, and alternative iron material if used, is charged into the EAF vessel and melted via controlled lightning with electricity arcing between several electrodes inserted through the roof of the EAF into the scrap. A typical EAF will be charged with 75 to 200 tons of scrap. This melting process takes between 40 and 80 minutes. The EAF therefore works as a discrete batch process with each batch of scrap being molten separately.
 Fluxes are added to the charge mix in the EAF for the purpose of removing undesirable trace elements. The EAF technology can also be switched off and on at substantially lower cost and quicker time interval than a blast furnace due to the discrete batch melting process.
 The vessel containing the molten steel is lifted by crane and moved to an adjacent refining station where the chemistry, including carbon and alloy content, is adjusted to final customer and industry specifications by use of small electrodes and alloy additions.
 The molten steel is often further refined by either aluminum de-oxidation or vacuum degassing, to further purify the steel and remove excess nitrogen and other undesirable gasses to improve the purity of the steel and improve its properties in later use.
 The molten steel is then cast into its first semi-finished solid state either by pouring into an ingot mold (about 10% to 15% of engineering steels are made this way, especially for forging and high reduction ratio applications) or into a continuous caster to produce blooms or billets. Depending on final finished product form, this first semi-finished product is an ingot, a larger rectangular bloom, a smaller rectangular or square billet, or a tube round which is used for the production of seamless tubes.
