 The molten steel is often further refined by either aluminum de-oxidation or vacuum degassing, to further purify the steel and remove excess nitrogen and other undesirable gasses to improve the purity of the steel and improve its properties in later use.
 In order to make a bar, this semi-finished steel form is then processed through a hot rolling facility where the first stage is a reheat furnace (pit furnace, walking beam or older pusher style for bars and rods, or a rotary hearth for seamless tubes). On occasion, this step is minimized or by-passed using direct hot charging of the semi-finished product from the casting stage in order to minimize the energy costs resulting from re-heating.
 Once the semi-finished product is heated to rolling temperature in the reheat furnace it is passed through the hot rolling mill which includes a sequential series of both roughing and finishing stands, with each containing highly-powered rolling cylinders above and below to reduce the thickness and add length and grain structure to the steel product.
 The steel is further processed by cooling and quenching, annealing and tempering. About one-third of all engineering steel bars are further processed by one or more cold finishing processes, done either in-house by the steel producer or by a third-party processor.
Raw materials
Scrap is the main raw material used in the production of engineering steel, typically accounting for 95% or more of the EAF charge. Some engineering steel producers use a small amount of alternative iron sources, such as direct reduced iron ("DRI") and merchant pig iron ("MPI"). While integration strategies vary, most engineering steel producers purchase their iron-bearing raw materials in the market from third parties. Some producers own and operate their own scrap processing facilities and some own and operate DRI or MPI facilities.
Engineering steel producers also require alloys to add strength, abrasion resistance or machine ability to their steel products. The main alloys used in the production of engineering steel include nickel, molybdenum, manganese, chrome, vanadium, lead and tin, although most mills do not use lead.
The ability to source ferrous scrap and carefully sort purchased scrap according to the purity of the ferrous materials and according to the content of the various alloys that are included in the scrap materials represents an important value creation operation for engineering steel producers.
89
