The ability to source ferrous scrap and carefully sort purchased scrap according to the purity of the ferrous materials and according to the content of the various alloys that are included in the scrap materials represents an important value creation operation for engineering steel producers.
The alloys contained in scrap are usually cheaper to purchase than the pure metal alloys that the steel mill purchases. If the steel mill is able to maximize the content of the alloys required for a specific steel grade via the composition of the scrap charge in the EAF, it usually saves significant costs compared to the alternative of having to add the same quantity of pure alloys to the molten steel.
Prices
Engineering steel producers in Europe tend to offset the volatility in the price of both ferrous scrap and alloy by using a surcharge price formula whereby these costs are automatically passed onto customers. In general the steel mill would negotiate a base price for its products with its customer and at the same time agree a formula that calculated the surcharge for the scrap and the particular alloys of the steel grade in question. The surcharge prices are typically agreed to follow particular publicly quoted benchmark prices for scrap and alloys. The prices are often calculated based on price changes in the prior monthly period against an agreed upon base value and adjusted for a yield factor. Typical base and yield factors, respectively, for select alloys are: chrome EUR0.75 per kg, with 70% yield factor, manganese EUR0.65 per kg, with 70% yield factor; molybdenum EUR6.00 per kg with 85% yield factor; nickel EUR9.50 per kg, with 85% yield factor; and vanadium EUR18.50 per kg, with 85% yield factor.
Surcharges for scrap and alloys can be one-third or more of total product price and can be highly volatile in nature but the surcharges tend to largely offset underlying changes in scrap and alloy costs.
Engineering steels are made and sold at a significantly higher price premium, from 50% to over 100%, compared to basic carbon steels. Typical average prices for hot-rolled bar include: high alloy steel at prices over EUR2,000 per ton, engineering steel (alloyed steel and micro alloyed steel) at approximately EUR750 per ton, quality steel at approximately EUR650 per ton, and basic carbon steel at approximately EUR450 per ton.
In the past three years, alloy surcharges for engineering steel producers have ranged from EUR250to EUR450 per ton. Engineering steel producers use purchasing and recycling strategies to reduce their overall alloy costs. These include segregation of scrap grades by alloy content, recycling of alloys from the steel-making process, and purchasing of a portion of their alloy requirements as contained in scrap versus purchasing higher-priced virgin alloys.
In addition to the scrap and alloy surcharges, reduction ratios are an important factor in the pricing of engineering steels. The reduction ratio is the relationship of the surface area of the starting or first solid semi-finished product (ingot, bloom, billet, or tube round) to the surface area of the final finished product (engineering steel bar). A higher reduction ratio leads to higher quality steels which command a premium price. The chart below illustrates reduction ratios split in the engineering steel industry.
Engineering steel by reduction ratio
