In addition to the scrap and alloy surcharges, reduction ratios are an important factor in the pricing of engineering steels. The reduction ratio is the relationship of the surface area of the starting or first solid semi-finished product (ingot, bloom, billet, or tube round) to the surface area of the final finished product (engineering steel bar). A higher reduction ratio leads to higher quality steels which command a premium price. The chart below illustrates reduction ratios split in the engineering steel industry.
Source: M etal Strategies Inc.
Reduction ratio split (%)
90
An example of reduction ratios used by sector and application are auto parts makers which often use 5:1, 7:1, and 9:1 for higher critical parts. In addition, for crankshafts 7:1. is oftern used, for gears 9.5:1 is often used, defense and off-highway production often use 8:1, 9:1 and 10:1, and engine parts often use 9:1, 12:1.
Also, by producing engineering steel products that are close to the end shape required by the customer, "near net-shape", the engineering steel mill can add substantial value to its products as it then reduces the cost spent by the customer to process the steel to its final component shape which commands a premium price.
Similarly, any improvements in the machineability of the steel (so called machining steel) that the steel mill can offer without compromising the final in-use properties of the steel therefore create substantial value for the customer. Better machineability would, for example, lead to higher machining speed, lower costs for cutting tools or fewer steps in processing all of which reduce the time and costs of the customer for producing final components, which in turn enables higher pricing for the products supplied by the steel mill.
Engineering steel, like other steel products, is sold either directly to the final end-user or through a distributor or processors. Steel is also sold on either a contract, typically one year with monthly or quarterly scrap and alloy surcharge adjustments, or on a spot basis, involving a three month or less purchasing cycle, the latter being the typical purchasing pattern of distributors.
Logistics
