We operate in a segment of the steel industry focused on mildly and highly alloyed steel, or so called "engineering steel", for which it is difficult to obtain precise industry and market information. In this offering memorandum we rely on and refer to certain economic information, information regarding our industry and information regarding the end markets in which we operate and compete. We have obtained this information from various third party sources, including providers of macroeconomic and industry data. Furthermore for the purpose of this offering memorandum we have commissioned and used a report prepared for us by Metal Strategies Inc. in 2014 (the "Metal Strategies Report"). In addition, certain information was obtained through discussions with our customers and from our own internal estimates.
In addition, this offering memorandum contains certain information about our industry that is based on our own internal information which has not been externally verified. In certain of the specialty and end markets in which we operate, it is difficult to directly ascertain industry or market data. In certain cases, we have therefore made statements in this offering memorandum regarding our industry, specialty and end markets and our position therein based solely on our experience and management estimates. We cannot assure you that any of the assumptions on which we have based our information and estimates are accurate or correctly reflect our position in the industry and our end markets, and none of our internal surveys or information has been verified by any independent or external sources. While we assume that our own market observations are reliable, we give no warranty for the accuracy of our own estimates and the information derived from them. They may differ from estimates made by our competitors or from future studies conducted by market research institutes or other independent sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the industry or similar data presented herein, such data involves risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading ''Risk factors'' in this offering memorandum. Neither we nor the Initial Purchasers make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the industry or market data contained in this offering memorandum, including information derived from the Metal Strategies Report.
We do not intend, and do not assume any obligations, to update industry or market data set forth in this offering memorandum, except as required by law. Finally, trends in the market place tend to change. As a result, investors and prospective investors should be aware that data in this offering memorandum and estimates based on that data may be an unreliable indicator of future results.
xv
Available information
For so long as any of the Notes are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, we will, during any period in which we are neither subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, nor exempt from the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act under Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to the holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective purchaser of such restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner, in each case upon the written request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. We are not currently subject to the periodic reporting and other information requirements of the Exchange Act. However, pursuant to the indenture governing the Notes and so long as the Notes are outstanding, we will furnish periodic information to the holders of Notes. For so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Euro MTF and the rules and regulations of that exchange so require, copies of the following documents in English may be inspected and obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent during normal business hours on any weekday: the Articles of Association of the Issuer (the "Issuer's Articles") (the Issuer's Articles may also be inspected at the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de Commerce et des Societes, Luxembourg) during normal business hours), the Guarantors' organizational documents, the consolidated financial statements included in this offering memorandum, any future annual financial statements or accounts of the Issuer, the documents granting security interests to holders of Notes as described in this offering memorandum, the Indenture relating to the Notes (which includes the form of the Notes), the Revolving Credit Facility, any Pension Insurance Line (as defined herein) and the Security Documents. See "Listing and general information".
Tax considerations
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the consequences of purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes, including, without limitation, the application of U.S. federal tax laws to their particular situations, as well as any consequences to them under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction, and the consequences of purchasing the Notes at a price other than the initial issue price in the Offering. See "Certain taxation considerations".
Trademarks and trade names
