3.500 3.000 2.500 2.000 1.500 1,000
kt
Note: This chart shows global long engineering steel product capacity including wire. Source: Metal Strategies Inc.
The top world alloyed long engineering steel producers have combined capacity of approximately 30 million tons (including wire). More than half are based in Asia led by the Citic Group as the world's largest producer, followed by Japan's Nippon Sumitomo in second place and JFE in fifth place. Saarstahl of Germany is the world's third largest producer followed by Arcelor Mittal as number four with operations in Europe and North America. It is important to note that Saarstahl has focused predominantly on lower grades and and has a lesser focus on the higher alloyed grades that are developed in close collaboration with customers and also has a high share of wire.
Unlike ordinary carbon steels, engineering steels are mainly (approximately 80%) customdesigned to specific customer requirements, and are mainly sold on a direct to final end-user basis via annual contracts, as opposed to ordinary carbon steel products which significantly involve service centers and distributors on a spot market basis. Approximately 20% of all engineering steels sales are initially through the service center/distributor sector.
While still cyclical, the market for many engineering steel applications tends to be less volatile (for example, energy, aerospace, some industrial applications) than the market for ordinary carbon steels that depends largely on construction.
The major engineering steels end-markets are: automotive, including both passenger and medium and heavy duty commercial vehicles, (including engine, transmission, suspension systems--a significant portion of these applications are processed through forging sector), offhighway and severe services vehicles (including hydraulic pistons and wear parts of the equipment for such vehicles), energy in both utilities and in oil & gas (including drill rig collars), bearings (an intermediary market), ordnance, fasteners in specialty larger size ranges, hand tools, and aerospace.
Approximately 30% of all engineering steels is in larger sizes (over 90mm in diameter) and 10% is in the largest size range (over 150 mm in diameter) with only a limited number of producers worldwide in the largest size category.
92
