95
absorption levels, - Infrastructure investment climate recovering in Europe and continuing to grow in emerging
markets, - Recovery in industrial capacity utilization.
Oil and Gas Significant exploration and production ("E&P") spending growth is anticipated over the next several years driven by increases in offshore drilling in areas such as Mexico and Brazil, emerging markets and shale related activity, especially in North America, South America, China and Australia.
Energy Production Economic growth is a key driver for the power sector with regulatory changes expected to act as a catalyst for renewable energy. The European power sector is now relying more on conventional capacity to grow given the reduction in nuclear capacity. Moreover, there is significant replacement demand as increasingly aged power stations are replaced. Wind power generation capacity has increased at a nearly 10% compound annual growth rate in Western Europe since 2010. Growth is expected to continue in line with improvements in technical performance of equipment and continued relative better economics compared to other sources of renewable energy. European investment in machinery and equipment is expected to gain traction in the coming years. Key factors boosting the outlook for machinery and equipment investment include: improving consumer and business confidence levels across economic sectors in the EU, improving domestic and export ordering levels, lower inflation limiting input cost pressures, lower interest rates and some easing in credit standards. Improving business fundamentals suggest that over the coming quarters pent-up demand may meaningfully recover.
96
Business
Overview
We are a leading European producer of engineering steel, with a focus on value add products for demanding engineering applications. We are headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, and have five main production facilities in Sweden and Finland, including three electric arc furnace ("EAF") melting facilities. We have three finishing facilities in France, Italy and the Netherlands and 15 sales offices across Europe and in the United States, Singapore and China.
