We are a European market leader in many of our core products and have market leadership positions in select niche applications. We are the largest, one of the largest, or in, in some cases, the only producer, of key specialized niche engineering steel product forms. For example, we have a leading position in a number of segments, such as bearings, and have the highest portion
of bearing steel volume of any European steel producer. We believe that we have built a reputation as a trustworthy, dynamic, customer-focused engineering steel expert through working closely with our customers to develop products. We believe there is a high degree of brand recognition of the "Ovako" brand which facilitates our sales and marketing efforts and provides a strong platform for new product and application launches. We believe our good reputation is shown by the long relationships we have maintained with certain key customers and the many repeat customers we had in 2013.
We believe that our leading market positions will allow us to benefit from growth prospects across the industrial segments we serve. We supply customers that operate across a range of end markets that we believe possess positive growth outlooks, such as the trucks and passenger vehicles and the yellow goods/construction equipment markets, which are expected to grow due to, among other things, increased construction activity on the back of economic recovery. We also expect the global oil & gas market to continue to grow due to an increase in exploration and production spending and the liberalization of off-shore exploration. We expect our energy production end market growth to be driven mainly by improvements in the technical performance of equipment, the replacement demand for aging power stations and anticipated regulatory changes.
High barriers to entry within the engineering steel industry
We believe that our position in the engineering steel segment is protected by high barriers to entry which include the need for geographic proximity to customers, the high degree of knowledge and customer access required to produce customer specific products, and the need for high quality products which benefits producers with high brand recognition. Customers' demand for specialized products in small batch sizes and just-in-time delivery means that it is important for a manufacturer of engineering steel to be close to its customers geographically, which creates a high barrier to entry for new European market entrants from the United States or Asia.
The high degree of specification of products in the engineering steel segment also creates a high barrier to entry due to the fact that many of our products have been developed especially for and with our customers. These customers may incur switching costs if they were to change their supplier of engineering steel products. We have developed our reputation over a long period of time, which we believe represents another high barrier to entry. Many of the products we supply to our customers are critical to their end products and they rely on the reputation of our brand for providing products that demonstrate durability, strength and susceptibility to extreme temperatures.
Flexible business set up across technical sales, production and logistics for small order volumes
We believe we have developed a flexible business set up that enables us to profitably produce complex products in small volumes. Customers also often require their engineering steel supplier's close proximity to their own production facilities in order to participate in the product engineering and design process and to reduce the risk of supply chain lags, as well as to maintain lower transportation costs. Our production facilities and finishing centers are all located in close proximity to many of our key customers, which we believe is a significant advantage. Our main production and research and development centers are located in Sweden and Finland while in 2013 the Nordics accounted for 39.3% of our net sales and Western Europe accounted for 44.5% of our net sales. We have built up a sales force in all our major markets with close proximity to our key customers, facilitating a shorter response time and direct access to our customers in their own language. We have an experienced employee base with what we believe to be exceptional product know-how, particularly in steel metallurgy and research and development generally. This enables us to work together with our customers to supply steel for demanding applications with important properties, such as fatigue life, machinability and low levels of micro inclusions for applications where clean steel is vital. For example, in January 2013, Patrik Olund, our head of R&D was awarded the prestigious Kami Prize for his contribution to the development of our IQSteel.
98
