Well invested asset base with recent investments to drive cost efficiencies and future growth
99
rail high pressure diesel injection systems, EUR7.6 million in connection with a new ring mill in Hofors to extend our product lines and cater for the increase we expect in the demand for large rings for power generation (including wind mills), EUR10.0 million in connection with the modernization of our tube mill in Hofors to reduce personnel, energy costs and improve yield, and EUR13.2 million in connection with a new state of the art de-dusting filter at our steel mill in Smedjebacken to meet future environmental regulations and to reduce the risk of business disruption. In addition, in July 2014 we intend to replace the continuous casting machine at our steel mill in Smedjebacken to reduce maintenance costs and support new growth opportunities, at a total expected capital expenditure of EUR14.0 million. In 2013, we also spent an additional EUR1.1 million on the acquisition of BE Group activities in China to support our customers in Asia with specific high-value products through sales and warehousing services. We believe that these investments, together with a number of other smaller strategic growth and cost savings investments made over the past three years position us to capture future growth opportunities and benefit from cost efficiencies.
Our total capital expenditure amounted to EUR33.5 million, EUR48.2 million and EUR44.9 million in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively, of which EUR14.6 million, EUR21.0 million and EUR21.0 million, respectively, was attributable to expansion capital expenditure. As a result of our significant investments over the past three years, we expect our average annual capital expenditures going forward to be at lower levels than it has been in the past three years. We estimate that, in the medium term, our total capital expenditure will be between EUR25 million and EUR35 million per year, of which between approximately EUR15 million and EUR20 million per year is expected to be attributable to maintenance capital expenditure to maintain the current state of our operations.
Restructuring initiatives with lower cost base and increased business
Our management defined a strategy in 2011 setting out the steps to make Ovako more resilient in light of the recent economic downturn. This new strategy was based on the new market situation, with a focus on: (i) a long-term process improvement program to support profitability and reduce our break even point; (ii) an improvement in customer service to defend our market position and premium pricing; and (iii) the development of new volumes from new markets to decrease the impact of economic cycles. As a result of this strategy, we believe that we have become a more resilient business and reduced both our fixed costs, in particular costs in relation to our headcount and maintenance costs, and variable costs, in particular costs in relation to raw materials, energy and logistics. As a result of our cost reduction initiatives, our fixed costs decreased, on a constant currency basis, by EUR22.0 million, or 6.8%, from EUR325.0 million in 2011 to EUR303.0 million in 2013. This decrease was partly driven by our headcount reductions from 3,239 as of December 31, 2011 to 2,995 as of December 31, 2013, as production shifts at our steel mills were reduced and flexible work time agreements in Sweden and Finland were implemented. Our variable costs have decreased primarily as a result of reduced energy costs as a result of our new electricity price hedging policy, reduced transportation costs as a result of renegotiated transportation agreements in Eastern Europe and centralization and optimization of purchasing of supplies. In addition, we have taken steps such as broadening our geographic markets to lower the volatility of the past caused by macro-economic cycles. We believe the changes put in place by our management will serve as a foundation for continued recovery and an improved business portfolio.
Raw material cost pass through contracts supporting relatively stable Contribution margins
Raw materials accounted for 44.6%, 37.8% and 36.2% of our total cost of goods sold in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. Steel scrap and alloys are the principal raw materials we use. Unlike most long product carbon steels, our engineering steel sales typically include scrap and alloy surcharge clauses, effectively passing on the raw material price to our customers. Our customer agreements with raw material price pass through typically allow us to adjust the scrap and alloy surcharge on a monthly basis. These frequent surcharge adjustments allow us to minimize the time lag for pass
100
