Raw materials accounted for 44.6%, 37.8% and 36.2% of our total cost of goods sold in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. Steel scrap and alloys are the principal raw materials we use. Unlike most long product carbon steels, our engineering steel sales typically include scrap and alloy surcharge clauses, effectively passing on the raw material price to our customers. Our customer agreements with raw material price pass through typically allow us to adjust the scrap and alloy surcharge on a monthly basis. These frequent surcharge adjustments allow us to minimize the time lag for pass
through. We estimate that a significant majority of our sales volume in 2013 was subject to agreements that enable us to pass along price increases in scrap and alloys through a surcharge mechanism, which helps us to maintain our Contribution margin when the prices of these raw materials fluctuate. While the remaining sales volume is sold based on contracts which do not allow us to pass on increases of scrap and alloy prices to customers, we manage our exposure under these contracts by frequently renegotiating the prices on a monthly and quarterly basis, which allows us to set prices in accordance with our estimated raw material costs at the time the contracts are entered into. As a result of our carefully managed raw material cost pass-through, our exposure to raw materials price volatility is mitigated, which we believe is evidenced by our stable Contribution margin historically. We use Contribution, which we define as net sales less changes in inventories and work in progress, costs of raw materials and supplies, foreign exchange differences on purchased goods, energy costs and freight and distribution costs, and the Contribution margin, which we define as Contribution as a percentage of net sales, as a measure of the development of our sales prices compared to our direct variable costs. In 2011, 2012 and 2013, our Contribution margin was 39.7%, 39.4% and 40.3%, respectively and our Contribution margin for the three months ended March 31, 2014 Contribution margin was 43.5%.
Highly skilled and experienced management team
We believe we have a strong management team, led by our Chief Executive Officer Tom Erixon and supported by our Chairman of the Board Finn Johnsson, who joined Ovako in 2011 and 2010, respectively. The other members of our senior management team, Marcus Hedblom, Anders Henström, Göran Nyström, Heikki Nyholm, Rickard Qvarfort, Mathias Tillman, Karin Lagerstedt Woolford and Carl-Michael Raihle, have an average of approximately 20 years of experience in steel and steel-related industries and an average of approximately 11 years experience with Ovako.
Our management has demonstrated an ability to manage our processes to efficiently create customized products specifically tailored to meet our customers' requirements. Our customers typically require their highly specialized products in relatively small volumes over many orders (average of 32 orders per customer per annum). These products are produced using more than 300 active feasible steel grades that can be formed into more than 10,000 variations of hot-rolled and forged shapes and several thousand combinations of value added services applied at finishing. With over 2,000 customers and an average volume of 300 tons per customer and an average of 108 thousand shipments per annum, we are set up to generate profits from small delivery volumes through an efficient and well managed production process. Management is currently in the process of implementing our 7P! program, which is a plan designed to further optimize growth, organization and processes.
Our strategy
Our aim is to create a long-term attractive position in the steel market by becoming the European leader in engineering steel, continuously developing our product offering and strengthening our customer relationships. We intend to be the premier manufacturer and supplier of engineering steel in Europe and to continue establishing our international position in selected niche areas. We believe this will be achieved by organic growth in our existing and new geographical markets, and through the evaluation of acquisitions and investments from time to time. We aim to maintain a highly reputable brand and supply world-class products based on leading application development, metallurgical expertise and production technology. We intend to develop our existing strengths toward our objective of becoming the most customer-oriented supplier of engineering steel. In this regard, we intend to continue to adapt our production processes to our customers' value chains, while offering our quality service and reliable delivery. In order to achieve our strategic objectives, we are prioritizing three areas: growth, efficient processes and increased coordination and economies of scale within our group ("One Ovako").
101
Pursue growth though improving our products and expanding our geographic markets
