101
We plan to maintain organic growth through improvements to our existing materials used in our current applications in order to gain market share through the performance advantage of our products. For example, we are developing new steel grades under the BQ-Steel product brand to better serve our bearing steel customers, including our first bearing manufacturer in China. We also plan to enter into new applications to offer an alternative to competitors' materials in such applications, as we have successfully done in past with our IQ-Steel product brand and its use in diesel injection systems. This growth would be further supported by the continued integration of our internal processes and our customers' value chains and processes. We also aim to expand our presence in new geographical markets, such as Eastern Europe, the United States and China and Asia, by initially leveraging our relationships with key customers to establish ourselves in these markets and then attracting new customers. Most of our customers in China and in Asia were originally customers in another region, most often the Nordic countries or Western Europe, but we recently also acquired new customers in China and in Asia. We recently were awarded our first orders from local Chinese manufacturers. Through all of this we intend to maintain pricing that appropriately reflects the value of our materials and services.
Continue to implement more efficient processes in terms of purchasing, production and use of capital
We intend to continue to focus our efficiency improvement efforts on purchasing, operational efficiency and capital efficiency. We successfully reduced our freight and other distribution costs in 2013, in part due to the impact of lower transportation costs in Eastern Europe as a result of renegotiated transportation agreements, which became effective in late 2013. We have been able to pool the volumes of the group through our reorganized centralized purchasing function to take advantage of decreasing freight rates. We intend to continue to review our purchasing contracts to improve our terms and supplier performance. We have recently launched lean manufacturing programs at two of our sites with the intention of expanding the programs throughout the Group. We intend to realize growth without increasing inventories through more effective production planning and higher supplier performance.
Pursue increased coordination, centralize certain operations to take advantage of economies of scale and improve our competencies
In recent years, we have focused on increasing coordination between our different facilities and developing shared capacity, in order to increase efficiency and take advantage of economies of scale. For example, we have centralized our research and development, information technology, finance, sales, marketing, and purchasing functions. In addition, group functions have been improved, a common brand platform has been launched and a best-practice culture has been introduced, aimed at continuous development and improvement. We continue to seek to achieve a more flexible cost structure in order to be better equipped to respond to cyclical demand, while improving our functionality and competencies across all areas of our business, from purchasing to application development. We intend to continue to improve staff efficiency through removing redundancies and increasing competencies in certain key areas, particularly in the application development and research and development functions, to drive growth and pricing. Our customers typically require highly tailored products in relatively small volumes per order (9 tons per order on average). By providing special technical consultations to our customers and working closely with them to develop steel grades and product shapes that best suit their requirements, our customers become increasingly loyal to our products. Such products therefore typically have no standard market price and are difficult and costly to replace at short notice. We will also explore any options to further consolidate our current functions and operations to streamline our structure and improve efficiency.
102
Continue to implement our 7P! program
We are currently in the process of implementing our 7P! program which is aimed at improving profitability. Our 7P! program is how we plan to execute our strategies described above over the next three years. The main elements of our 7P! program are: (i) growth through our marketing plan for 2014; (ii) our pricing plan for 2014 targeting price increases; (iii) our new purchasing program; (iv) our functional improvement program targeting a net reduction in staff; (v) structural consolidation to reduce costs and increase efficiency; (vi) operational efficiency through cost down projects and continuous improvements to our processes; and (vii) capital efficiency by achieving growth without increasing our inventories.
