Continue to implement our 7P! program
Our history
Our history is built on a legacy of strong Nordic steel production. The forerunners to Ovako were founded over 300 years ago, when manufacturing began in Hofors, Sweden in the 17th century, followed by Boxholm and Hällefors in the 18th century, and by Smedjebacken in 1856.
During the 20th century the business has been transformed several times, resulting in the privately owned Ovako of today. From the beginning of the 1960s, the forerunners to Ovako gradually redirected their focus from commercial steel to complex engineering steel products. This development required investments in research, product development and quality control. The mills in Smedjebacken, Hofors and Imatra became significant suppliers of steel for the automotive and engineering industries. In 1969, the Finnish companies Oy Vuoksenniska Ab and Oy Fiskars Ab combined their steel production in a new company, Ovako Oy. In 1986, the group Ovako Steel was founded through a merger between SKF Steel and Ovako Oy. Ovako Steel was then split up after a few years, and SKF became the sole owner of the Swedish part of Ovako Steel in 1991, keeping the name Ovako Steel.
In May 2005, Ovako was established by merging Fundia, Ovako Steel and Imatra Steel. The company was jointly owned by Rautaruukki, SKF and Wärtsilä, combining their long products steel businesses. In November 2006, Ovako was initially sold to Pampus Industrie Beteiligungen and a Dutch group of investors, with Pampus Stahlbeteiligungs acquiring sole ownership in November 2007.
In August 2010, private equity investor Triton acquired the bar, bright bar, tube and ring businesses of Ovako and formed the new Ovako AB, excluding the former wire division's operations.
Our brands
We supply engineering steel products, under our master brand "Ovako" and our five distinct product brands M-Steel, BQ-Steel, IQ-Steel, SZ-Steel and WR-Steel, which are based on leading application development, metallurgical expertise and production technology. Across our product brands, we offer a number of value adding services that can be applied to our products, including logistics-based customization to fit into customers' production lines, special properties bars, special profiles formed near to net shape, and quenching and tempering the steel to meet customers' specifications (see "--Our products" and "--Operations").
We have more than 300 active feasible steel grades for making materials, of which 110 make up more than 80% of the volumes. Most of our sales volume can be categorized into our five product brands, which represent five types of engineering steel materials that we sell, each of which has its own specialized end uses. The following chart summarizes our product brands, the characteristics and key customer benefits of the material type and examples of the end industries in which the materials are used:
