 Good weldability and formability
 Highest resistance against w ear in metallic structure
 Transportation  Other
mechanical engineering  Agriculture  Mining
104
M-Steel brand. M-Steel stands for "Machinability Steel". M-Steel is characterized by its improved material properties, tailored precision tolerance, and high consistency in each batch through our highly automated serial production process. In manufacturing, cutting processes are often a considerable cost factor. M-Steel may lower these costs by allowing higher cutting speeds (up to 30% over conventional steels) and a non-interrupted production environment. The M-Steels production processes are thoroughly controlled to achieve optimal cutting ability while maintaining impressive steel properties. The improved properties of M-Steel enables the machining of case hardened steel with CBN inserts at roughly double the speed previously possible, while reducing crater wear and improving the life of the cutting tool by 2-3 times. The ultra high consistency of our M-Steel bar means there is no need to change machine set-ups such as tools, feed rates or cutting fluid in automated serial production processes. M-Steel can help achieve significant reductions in machining costs for component manufacturers who have replaced conventional steel with M-Steel bar. M-Steel is primarily used by our customers in the mining, transportation and agriculture segments.
BQ-Steel brand. BQ-Steel stands for "Bearing Quality Steel". Our BQ-Steel has low contents of micro inclusions that enable components to resist higher stress levels and offer improved reliability in service, while remaining able to accommodate the latest design and technology advances. The material is available for producing highly stressed tube, bar, ring and wire, and all the main components needed for the manufacture of precision rolling bearings. We manufacture BQ-Steel with a precisely controlled steel making processes utilizing knowledge from our clean steel program. BQ-Steel is made of air melted steel for a homogenous structure and low levels of harmful micro inclusions. BQ-Steel is primarily used by our customers in the bearing, mining, transportation and agriculture segments.
IQ-Steel brand. IQ-Steel is our solution to the need for reliable components that can take the strain from higher and more complex load. IQ-Steel is characterized by a 40% increased fatigue strength, increased efficiency and weight reduction, in each case compared to traditional steels. Traditional steels are produced in a process where inclusions are crushed and elongated in the steel's rolling direction. As a result, they have poor fatigue and impact properties in the transverse rolling direction. IQ-Steel is produced in a process that eliminates most inclusions, resulting in clean steel with isotropic properties, meaning that it performs equally in all directions. Our IQ-Steel is primarily used to produce components for demanding applications in the automotive and transport segment (e.g., in diesel injection systems) and in the power generation segment by the wind power industry, but the steel is versatile and we are developing other applications together with customers.
SZ-Steel brand. SZ-Steel stands for "Sub-Zero Steel". SZ-Steel is used in many safety critical applications in some of the most inhospitable environments, such as those found in the extreme northern and southern hemispheres. It is used significantly in exposed locations on pipelines in the mining and oil & gas segment as well as fixing bolt, fasteners and stud bolts where they are expected to be exposed to low temperatures. The SZ-Steel process produces a steel that exhibits a variety of crucial properties at low temperatures, such as hardness and impact strength, wear resistance and dimensional stability. Unlike standard grades, SZ-Steel reduces risks of brittle fracture at extremely low temperatures and is more resistant to corrosion. This reduces the risk of equipment failures and subsequent plant downtime in harsh conditions and can save costs including reduced maintenance. SZ-Steel is primarily used by our customers in the mining, transportation and agriculture segments.
