quenched and tempered)
106
Finishing. We offer several thousand combinations of value added services, including peeling, grinding, chroming, cutting, annealing, quenching and tempering, cold-drawing, pilgering and testing. We can optimize our customers' products to a very fine degree. In addition to producing materials that meet the specifications for our customers' applications, through our forging and rolling processes and value added services, we are able to produce highly customized finished products that are tailored to fit into our customers' production processes, which increases efficiency and may decrease our customers' costs.
Customers
We have a diversified client base with over 2,000 customers, many of which consist of long standing relationships with companies who are leaders in their end markets. We are focused on a broad range of end markets with attractive growth prospects, including automotive and transport, other mechanical engineering, mining and oil & gas, and energy production. We believe that approximately 85% of our net sales are made through direct sales to customers in these end markets, with the remaining portion made through third party distributors (see "-- Operations" and "--Distribution"). Our customers in the automotive and transport segment include original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") as well as suppliers to OEMs. Our customers in other engineering sector include heavy industrial equipment manufacturers and bearing manufacturers. Our customers in the energy production segment include wind energy companies and our customers in the mining and oil & gas segment include mining equipment OEMs and equipment manufacturers for offshore applications.
We often provide special technical consultations to our customers and regularly develop new products or services in collaboration with our customers. In addition, we work closely with OEMs, even where our direct customer is an intermediary in the supply chain, as well as other producers contributing products to an OEM's end product, to coordinate the various steps in the supply chain and ensure uniform quality and consistency of our products and their interaction with other components within the supply chain.
Our customers typically require highly specialized products in relatively small volumes per order. Our products are often used by our customers in demanding applications or harsh environments and are difficult and costly to replace at short notice. For example, many of our products require significant testing and certification for use by customers. Our close customer relationships, level of service and product customization to our customers' requirements contribute to a competitive offering and create a degree of customer lock-in effect. Additionally, we understand that many of our customers are party to multi-year production programs in their respective end markets. We believe the customized nature of our products, the fact that many of our customers are party to multi-year production contracts, and the difficulty for our customers to switch to different suppliers at short notice have helped us maintain long-term customer relationships. We have a high proportion of repeat customers, with approximately 97.5% of the volumes sold to our top 1,000 customers in 2013 being purchased by repeat customers that had placed orders with us in 2012.
Our largest customers are also some of our longest standing customers, as we have had relationships with each of our top ten customers for at least nine years, seven of which we have had for more than 20 years. We use these longstanding relationships with multi-national customers to increase our deliveries outside Europe, expanding from deliveries to Sweden and Germany, to sales in Eastern Europe, the United States, China and Southeast Asia. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our top ten customers represented 40% of our net sales, with our largest customer representing 15% of our net sales. We believe the concentration risk of having one such large customer is mitigated by this diversification of supply across several industry and regional cycles.
We have yearly contracts and quarterly contracts, as well as some semi-annual contracts. The most important contract term relate to the base price, which is subject to adjustments based on scrap and alloy surcharge agreements at delivery). The production under our contracts is largely
