Our largest customers are also some of our longest standing customers, as we have had relationships with each of our top ten customers for at least nine years, seven of which we have had for more than 20 years. We use these longstanding relationships with multi-national customers to increase our deliveries outside Europe, expanding from deliveries to Sweden and Germany, to sales in Eastern Europe, the United States, China and Southeast Asia. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our top ten customers represented 40% of our net sales, with our largest customer representing 15% of our net sales. We believe the concentration risk of having one such large customer is mitigated by this diversification of supply across several industry and regional cycles.
107
order driven (i.e., firm orders, regularly updated customer forecasts and fixed or agreed lead times). The short term nature of our production contracts and the fact that our production cycle is typically significantly shorter than three months provides us with visibility and reduces our risk of excess inventory. This risk is further reduced by the fact that our customers' production lead times are often longer than our own production lead times.
Operations
We manufacture engineering steel products, adding value for our customers at each step in our production chain, from raw material selection to finishing.
Engineering steel production process
Our engineering steel production can be broadly broken down into five process steps: scrap collection and selection, metallurgy (EAF melting, ladle furnace treatm ent ("LFT") and vacuum degassing), casting/soaking, hot rolling or forging and finishing. Steel products are commonly divided into two categories: flat and long products. W e produce engineering steel products which fall into a subcategory within long steel products. The chart below shows an overview of how our engineering steel production compares to typical carbon steel production:
Raw materials
European engineering steel
