· Bearings · Transmission · Attachments · Mining products · Forged automotive
109
As our manufacturing begins at one of the three production flows: Hofors-Hällefors, Smedjebacken-Boxholm or Imatra. Operations and production at these steel mills differ somewhat with regard to products and customers.
Hofors-Hällefors. The Hofors-Hällefors production flow begins at our EAF at Hofors facility and continues at either our Hofors or Hällefors facilities. Hofors-Hällefors produces heavy bar and medium bar products for our customers. Hofors-Hällefors produces our IQ-Steel, which due to its cleanliness, is demanded by manufacturing industries such as the automotive industry in diesel injection systems. Most of Hofors-Hällefors' customers are in the automotive and transportation segment (bearing, heavy trucks and passenger vehicle sub-segments), the energy production segment and other engineering segment (manufacturing industries). Our tube and ring production is carried out at our Hofors facility, using products produced by the rolling mills and forging facilities located at Hofors.
We have implemented a number of important investments and initiatives during the period 2011-2013. In 2013 we inaugurated a new automated peeling line in Hällefors with the aim of maintaining long-term growth in the attractive product segment for diesel injection and to increase the degree of value added services we can offer. In March 2013, installation of the fifth ring mill in Hofors was completed to meet increased demand for bearing rings in larger sizes (up to four meters in diameter) so that we can meet the increased demand for bearing steel for very large bearings, which, among other things, are used in offshore windmills. In Hofors, an extensive modernization of the tube works to reduce cost and support new business opportunities in Europe had also begun in 2013, and the expected completion by the end of 2015 is one of several important steps in the upgrade of our productions.
Smedjebacken-Boxholm. The Smedjebacken-Boxholm production flow begins at our EAF in Smedjebacken, thereafter continuing the process at Smedjebacken or continuing on to our Boxholm facility. The Smedjebacken-Boxholm production flow is focused on cost-efficient production of engineering steels, with a focus on boron-alloyed steels and micro-alloyed steels that together account for approximately two-thirds of the Smedjebacken-Boxholm production volume. Boron steel is used in applications where wear resistance is very important, such as for snow ploughs, cutting steel, fork-lifts and agricultural machinery. The mill at Boxholm also produces a small quantity of engineering steel, the value of which is created through advanced rolling for specific applications that require steel with very high tolerances (special properties bar, or SP-bar).
Smedjebacken-Boxholm is diversified across a number of customers within the automotive and transport, other engineering and mining and oil & gas segments. Product development is continuing within these segments and new applications are being developed. We roll most of our spring steel in Smedjebacken, while our plant in Boxholm focuses on specialty products. Both rolling mills at Smedjebacken and Boxholm produce flat and round bars. In particular, special properties and special profiles bars are produced in Boxholm. Eastern Europe and Russia have been identified as key growth markets for Smedjebacken-Boxholm.
Recently, we have made a number of investments at our facilities in Smedjebacken. During 2013, the final installation of our new de-dusting filter was completed at Smedjebacken. We estimate the flow capacity of the new de-dusting plant will be approximately 40% higher than it was previously. In addition, we believe that energy consumption will decline by approximately 4,500 MWh per year due mainly to its energy-efficient design and choice of components. We believe this will also correspond to a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions of 2,400 tons per year from power generation based on fossil fuels. The filter meets future environmental standards and is one of many steps toward ensuring a good working environment for our employees and minimizing our environmental footprint. As part of our continued investment and strategic focus on growth, we have decided to invest in a new continuous casting machine in Smedjebacken, with the existing continuous casting facilities being replaced over the next two years. The first phase of the project is scheduled for commissioning in August 2014.
110
