Recently, we have made a number of investments at our facilities in Smedjebacken. During 2013, the final installation of our new de-dusting filter was completed at Smedjebacken. We estimate the flow capacity of the new de-dusting plant will be approximately 40% higher than it was previously. In addition, we believe that energy consumption will decline by approximately 4,500 MWh per year due mainly to its energy-efficient design and choice of components. We believe this will also correspond to a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions of 2,400 tons per year from power generation based on fossil fuels. The filter meets future environmental standards and is one of many steps toward ensuring a good working environment for our employees and minimizing our environmental footprint. As part of our continued investment and strategic focus on growth, we have decided to invest in a new continuous casting machine in Smedjebacken, with the existing continuous casting facilities being replaced over the next two years. The first phase of the project is scheduled for commissioning in August 2014.
Imatra. A large part of the Imatra production flow is oriented towards customers who make forged high-precision parts for applications in the mining, offshore drilling and the heavy automotive industries. In these segments, Imatra develops engineering steel adapted to particularly demanding forging applications with the high standards for steel properties that customers require. Imatra's customers consist mainly of Nordic automotive, forging and engineering industries, but the rest of Europe, Asia, North America and Russia are important growth regions. In particular, Imatra produces our M-Steel products.
Our facilities
We operate a European production base and a number of strategically located distribution centers. We are headquartered in Stockholm Sweden. We have five main production facilities located in Hofors, Hällefors, Smedjebacken and Boxholm, Sweden and Imatra Finland. Our EAFs are located at our Hofors, Smedjebacken and Imatra facilities. We also have processing facilities in Sweden, Finland, the Netherlands, France and Italy. We own all of our facilities. The proximity of our facilities and operations to most of our key customers provides us with superior reactivity and readiness in responding to clients' needs and requests. Our current production capacity is approximately 1.3 million tons of liquid steel per annum, of which we can produce approximately 1.1 million tons per annum of rolled products. The map below shows the location of our current operations:
nr _ Ö »Stockholm
n Ha'telahammar
O Erkralh Milan O
Budapest O CM-Nepoea
O Moscow
