Total.............................................................................................................................................. 100
Notes: (1) Excluding sales force located at the mills in Sweden.
For the year ended December 31, 2013, our total net sales represented an average volume of 300 tons per customer, 32 orders per customer and 9 tons per order, which were distributed through approximately 108 thousand shipments with an average volume of 9 tons per shipment.
Distributor channels. We use distributors in the Nordic markets where we already have a high share of the market and in limited instances where we are trying to grow in new geographies. Distributors represented approximately 5% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2013. Tibnor is a key third party distributor for Ovako products within some Nordic markets and represented the largest contributor to our distributor revenues and 7% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2013. Tibnor is a subsidiary of SSAB and is the largest steel distributor in the Nordics. In 2013, Tibnor had reported total sales of SEK 5,245 million, of which SEK50 million comprised internal sales to SSAB. We believe more than three quarters of Tibnor's shipments take place within Sweden. Tibnor accounts for approximately one-third of the distributors' market share in Sweden, according to SSAB. We believe we are the main supplier of long product engineering steels to Tibnor, but Tibnor does not have any exclusive right to distribute our products generally or to any specified customers.
Raw materials and energy
Our products are primarily manufactured from steel scraps and alloy.
Scrap metals and alloys. Our products are primarily manufactured from steel scraps and alloys. All our alloy inputs and most of our scrap inputs are sourced from external suppliers on short-term contracts. We source a small amount of scrap steel through recycling from our production facilities in Hofors and Smedjebacken, but this amount is limited due to the efficiency of our production processes.
We purchase our scrap from regional suppliers to reduce transport costs. In Sweden, Stena Recycling is the largest supplier of scrap metal. Sweden exports approximately 50% of its scrap metal, with most of the remaining domestic scrap sold into the JBF clearing system. JBF acts as a clearing house and sets the prices for the Swedish market, which reflect the global prices. The JBF clearing system handles scrap purchases on behalf of Ovako as well as other companies, such as Outokumpu, Sandvik, SSAB and Uddeholm, resulting in the scrap repurchase costs being shared efficiently across the Swedish steel industry.
The scrap market in Finland is slightly different than the Swedish market as it has a lower surplus of scrap. In Finland, Kuusakoski Oy is the largest supplier of scrap metal. In the last three years, Ovako Imatra Oy Ab has sourced its scrap from Finnish domestic suppliers.
