We purchase our scrap from regional suppliers to reduce transport costs. In Sweden, Stena Recycling is the largest supplier of scrap metal. Sweden exports approximately 50% of its scrap metal, with most of the remaining domestic scrap sold into the JBF clearing system. JBF acts as a clearing house and sets the prices for the Swedish market, which reflect the global prices. The JBF clearing system handles scrap purchases on behalf of Ovako as well as other companies, such as Outokumpu, Sandvik, SSAB and Uddeholm, resulting in the scrap repurchase costs being shared efficiently across the Swedish steel industry.
We secure our supply of alloys from several sources, including global mining conglomerates. The majority of our alloys are purchased pursuant to yearly contracts, with the remainder purchased on a quarterly basis. Prices of alloys are typically tied to external spot prices reported on a reputed exchange, as set forth in the contract. See "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations--Key factors affecting our results o f operations-- Pricing o f engineering steel products" for further information regarding our supply of scrap and alloy.
Energy. The production of our products is very energy-intensive. Our largest energy related expenses are for electricity, liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil and natural gas. See "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations--Key factors affecting our results o f operations--Electricity, gas, fuel oil and other energy costs" for further information regarding our use and supply of energy.
113
Research and development
Our main production and research and development centers are located in Sweden and Finland. We have a centralized research and development function that works in close cooperation with our key customers. The development of M-Steel and IQ-Steel are some examples of the outcomes of such collaboration. IQ-Steel is a steel used in applications that contribute to reduced environmental impact and lower CO2 emissions, which has received particular attention. In January 2013, Patrik Olund, Ovako's head of research and development was awarded the prestigious Kami Prize for his contribution to the development of this steel. Product development is an ongoing process. In 2012, for example, variants of IQ-Steel were customized to meet new specific customer needs.
Intellectual property
We pursue a trademark strategy that involves the development of our attribute brands that we actively seek to protect. In addition, we maintain an intellectual property portfolio of our issued and pending patents and seek to register patents for certain new products and processes as they are developed and technology.
Employees
