· Environmental permit for noise barrier
· Environmental permit for operations, Ovako Sweden AB (Hofors)
Re-assessment date Currently being re-assessed
Re-assessment to be applied for by 31 December 2018 Re-assessment applied for in February 2014
Re-assessment to be applied for by August 2014, new permit must be obtained August 2016
We place an emphasis on the development of steel that contributes to lower use of resources, as sustainability is important to us. Efforts to develop stronger and more environmentally friendly materials result in less energy-demanding products, which ultimately have a positive environmental effect. The production facilities of the Group employ either environmental management systems or risk-based management systems that are designed to assist in avoiding spills and other incidents. The environmental management systems of the Group are monitored using both internal and external audits at regular intervals. W e conduct our business with a focus on improving steel quality and providing solutions that mitigate environmental impact. However, greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption represent the most significant environmental aspects of our business and are both a priority to reduce. We must continually make investments to minimize the impact on the environment in order to make sure that we comply with increasingly strict legislation and the requirements of our customers. For example, in 2013, we completed the installation of a new de-dusting system in 2013 at our Smedjebacken facility to comply with pending environmental standards.
Recycling o f scrap-based steel and other by-products. Steel is a material that can be reused a
number of times without deterioration. No new iron ore needs to be mined for our steel production. With our three scrap-based steel mills, we believe us to be an important part of the recycling industry, using approximately one million tons of scrap metal every year. Our w ell functioning cooperation with scrap agents assures we receive raw material that, through our skills in metallurgy, is melted and transformed into new engineering steel products.
Today not only is scrap metal recycled, but also waste and residual products, mainly iron oxides, from our production processes are used as raw materials in other products. We have managed to develop a market for by-products deriving from our manufacturing processes, thereby reducing the need for waste disposal and landfills.
