115
Environmental, health and safety (EHS) regulation
All our production operation facilities are located within the European Union, in particular Sweden and Finland. Our production operations are subject to a range of EHS laws and regulations, including those relating to air and water emissions water usage, waste management, including hazardous and toxic waste contamination and the cleanup of contamination. Additionally, we are subject to regulations on product safety as well as work health and safety.
We are required to regularly obtain and maintain various permits from governmental authorities in order to conduct our business operations. The following provides a brief summary of some key EHS requirements that apply to our operations with particular focus on the laws applicable in the European Union. It should be noted that laws and regulations not discussed below may also apply.
General regulatory framework. Our production depends on a number of EU Directives and Regulations pertaining to EHS. Directive 2008/1/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of January 15, 2008 concerning integrated pollution prevention and control (as amended, the "IPPC Directive;" original directive approved in 1996), requires EU member states to unify their environmental licensing regimes relating to limiting emissions from industrial installations. The IPPC Directive aims to minimize the amount of emissions originating from different sources throughout the EU. From October 2007, industrial installations have been required to have national emission permits that are based on the use of best available techniques ("BATs"). The IPPC Directive applies to both new and existing installations. Most of our production facilities in the EU have had to apply for an integrated environmental permit under the IPPC IE Directive, which applies common rules for permitting and controlling industrial installations. To receive a permit, installations covered by IPPC rules must apply BATs and comply with BAT-Associated Emissions Levels, as adopted in the BAT conclusions by the European Commission, to optimize their overall environmental performance. Emissions to air, soil or water, as well as noise and safety are all covered by the IE Directive. The directive maintains limited flexibility for competent authorities for deviating from the use of BATs, such deviations may only be made pursuant to robust justifications that stand up to EU scrutiny. The directive will also lead to a rolling program of redefinition, review and update of the BATs and the related emission levels. Industrial operators are required to achieve compliance with any changes in BATs within four years of an update. It is likely that the implementation of the IE Directive and respective updates of environmental permits will require us to invest in additional emission reduction measures and modify our operations in one or more of our production facilities in Europe. These processes are expected to be ongoing for many years and continue on a rolling basis pursuant to future updates of BATs. The IE Directive will also result in a stricter environmental oversight of our production facilities, particularly regarding atmospheric emissions. Sweden implemented the IE Directive on June 18, 2013 by amendments to the Swedish Environmental Act and by passing six new regulations. Finland is still in the process of implementing the IE Directive and is expected that the IE Directive be implemented during 2014. Because our operations involve significant air emissions, new or revised permit requirements in the future could result in significant additional investments and costs.
Administrative proceedings and permit applications. Pursuant to the Finnish Environmental Protection Act (Fi. Ymparistonsuojelulakf) and the Swedish Environmental Act (Sw. Miljobalken), our Swedish and Finnish companies hold environmental permits which set forth limits and directions on our water and air emissions, the storage of raw materials and chemicals, noise levels, waste handling and reporting requirements. The Finnish companies hold the following main environmental permits for their operations which are granted for an indefinite period: Environmental Permit (currently subject to re-assessment; and environmental permit for a noise barrier (application for re-assessment to be submitted by the Finnish companies by September 30, 2018. The Swedish companies hold the
116
following main environmental permits for their operations which are granted for an indefinitve period: environmental permit for operations, Ovako Bar AB (Smedjebacken) (currently subject to reasessment), environmental permit for operations, Ovako Bar AB (Boxholm), environmental permit for operations, Ovako Sweden AB (Hofors) (application for re-assessment to be submitted by August 2014), environmental permit for operations, Ovako Sweden AB (Hällefors) and an environmental permit for operations, Ovako ForsbackaAB. Pursuant to these permits, both our Swedish and Finnish companies are subject to regular inspections by regulators.
Emission Trading Schemes. Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishes a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowances trading within the Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC (as amended, the "ETS Directive"), which entered into force on October 25, 2003. Allowances traded in the ETS are held in accounts in electronic registries set up by member states, which are overseen by a central administrator at EU level, the ETS Directive was amended in April 2009 by Directive 2009/29/EC.
