following main environmental permits for their operations which are granted for an indefinitve period: environmental permit for operations, Ovako Bar AB (Smedjebacken) (currently subject to reasessment), environmental permit for operations, Ovako Bar AB (Boxholm), environmental permit for operations, Ovako Sweden AB (Hofors) (application for re-assessment to be submitted by August 2014), environmental permit for operations, Ovako Sweden AB (Hällefors) and an environmental permit for operations, Ovako ForsbackaAB. Pursuant to these permits, both our Swedish and Finnish companies are subject to regular inspections by regulators.
For the period after 2012, the EU institutions adopted the CEP, which aims to reduce the community's greenhouse gas emissions by 20% by 2020, as compared to 1990 levels, and 30% if other developed countries commit themselves to comparable emission reductions and economically more advanced developing countries contribute adequately according to their responsibilities and capabilities on December 17, 2008.
In particular, the amended ETS Directive includes centralized allocation rather than national allocation plans, a cap on the overall number of allowances designed to achieve an overall reduction of greenhouse gases for the ETS sectors of 21% in 2020 as compared to the 2005 emission cap and auctioning as the basic principle for allocating emission allowances, with transitional free allocation based on benchmarks for manufacturing industries with a significant risk of carbon leakage. However, it is expected that the market price for allowances will increase. Through Commission Decision 2010/2/EU of December 24, 2009, the manufacturing of, inter alia, steel and ferroalloys has been recognized as having a significant risk of carbon leakage. On December 15, 2010, the EU Climate Change Committee adopted a draft decision determining transitional EU-wide rules for the harmonized free allocation of emission allowances. This draft was slightly amended and adopted as EU Commission Decision (2011/278/EU) on April 27, 2011, which, among other things, determines the benchmark values for the steel industry. The values adopted are lower than those proposed by the European steel industry and will lead to significant additional cost for steel companies in Europe. Ovako Sweden (Hofors) are planning to invest in a new dedusting filter to meet the new requirements, at an estimated cost of EUR1.0 million. Another regulation relating to the auctioning of greenhouse gas emission allowances recently went into effect, completing the EU's legislative framework in this area (Commission Regulation (EU) No. 1031/2010 of November 12, 2010 on the timing, administration and other aspects of auctioning of greenhouse gas emission allowances pursuant to Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowances trading within the Community, as amended). On July 25, 2012, the Commission adopted a proposal for an amendment of the auctioning rules that would entitle the Commission to adapt the auction timetable. With such an adaptation, the Commission could significantly affect the availability of emission allowances available, which would probably result in an increase of the market price for emission allowances.
We currently qualify for a free allocation of emission allowances between 2013 and 2020 by being part of an industry sector that has a significant risk of carbon leakage. The free allowances may not be sufficient to cover all allowances needed for the operations of the Group. We may have to purchase emission rights in addition to those they will obtain free of charge, which could result in additional costs. Additional decisions in the future by the EU Commission, including with respect to maintaining or extending carbon leakage protections applicable to us, also could result in significant new obligations.
Air emissions. Directive 2008/50/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 21, 2008 on ambient air quality and cleaner air for Europe establishes a system for the assessment of ambient air quality in relation to sulfur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide and oxides of nitrogen,
117
particulate matter (PM10 and PM2.5), lead, benzene, carbon monoxide and ozone. Directive 2004/107/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of December 15, 2004 relating to arsenic, cadmium, mercury, nickel and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in ambient air (as amended, the "Fourth Daughter Directive") follows similar directives in the field of air quality dating back to the original Council Directive 96/62/EC of September 27, 1996 on ambient air quality assessment and management (as amended, the "Air Quality Framework Directive"). The Fourth Daughter Directive sets limit values for polyaromatic hydrocarbons, arsenic, nickel, cadmium and mercury in ambient air. It completes the list of pollutants initially described in the Air Quality Framework Directive by defining target values for all pollutants with the exception of mercury, for which only monitoring requirements are specified.
Directive 2001/81/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of October 23, 2001 on national emission ceilings for certain atmospheric pollutants (as amended, the "NEC Directive") has been adopted in line with the 1997 communication concerning the strategy to combat acidification, which sought to establish, for the first time, national emission ceilings for certain pollutants. The NEC Directive leaves it largely to each EU member state's discretion to decide which measures (in addition to EU legislation for specific source categories) to take in order to comply with the NEC Directive. The proposal to amend the NEC Directive is still under preparation and should set emission ceilings to be respected by 2020 for the four already regulated substances and for the primary emissions of PM2.5 as well.
There have been incidents on the sites of the Finnish Group companies that have resulted in air emission levels exceeding the permitted levels. However, the environmental authorities were informed of these events and none of these events resulted in material consequences. There are no outstanding violations that the Company believes will result in material consequences in the future.
