Directive 2001/81/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of October 23, 2001 on national emission ceilings for certain atmospheric pollutants (as amended, the "NEC Directive") has been adopted in line with the 1997 communication concerning the strategy to combat acidification, which sought to establish, for the first time, national emission ceilings for certain pollutants. The NEC Directive leaves it largely to each EU member state's discretion to decide which measures (in addition to EU legislation for specific source categories) to take in order to comply with the NEC Directive. The proposal to amend the NEC Directive is still under preparation and should set emission ceilings to be respected by 2020 for the four already regulated substances and for the primary emissions of PM2.5 as well.
Water quality standards. Directive 2008/105/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of December 16, 2008 on environmental quality standards in the field of water policy, amending and subsequently repealing Council Directives 82/176/EEC, 83/513/EEC, 84/156/EEC, 84/491/EEC and 86/280/EEC and amending Directive 2000/60/EC (as amended, the "Environmental Quality Standards Directive"). The Directive sets out environmental quality standards concerning the presence in surface water of certain pollutants and substances or groups of substances identified as priority on account of the substantial risk they pose to or through the aquatic environment. The priority substances are defined by Directive 2000/60/EC (as amended, the "Water Framework Directive"), which establishes a list of 33 priority substances. Twenty priority substances are classed as hazardous. The environmental quality standards are limits to the degree of concentration (i.e., the quantity in water of the substances concerned must not exceed certain thresholds). The quality standards are differentiated for inland surface waters (rivers and lakes) and other surface waters (transitional, coastal and territorial waters). Specific standards are also set for metals and certain other substances. At this stage it is difficult to accurately predict the impact of these ongoing EU initiatives for water protection on our operations; however, it is expected that the main critical compounds would be chrome, nickel and zinc. A review of the list of priority substances in the field of water policy is ongoing. The Commission has adopted a proposal for a new directive that would amend the Water Framework Directive and the Environmental Quality Standards Directive as regards priority substances in the field of water policy.
Engineering steel production involves high-temperature processes with extensive cooling requirements. To protect personnel and manufacturing equipment, we use water for cooling. Water is used both to cool steel surfaces through direct contact and indirectly through heat exchangers and cooling systems.
From an environmental perspective, the most significant components in water discharged from the manufacturing processes of the Group are metal compounds.
In October 2013, a leakage of cooling water from the vacuum degassing of the steel plant ladle furnace occurred at Ovako Sweden AB's site in Hofors. According to Ovako Sweden AB's estimation, approximately 300-600 kilos of zinc and 30-60 kilos of lead leaked out during 2013. No material costs or penalties are however anticipated in relation to this.
118
Contamination. Under the respective national legislation, the liabilities for soil and groundwater contamination may be imposed not only on the owner of the contamination source, but also on other parties such as the former owner or the party having control of the premises at a relevant time. Thus, it cannot be entirely excluded that we may be affected by such liabilities, even regarding sites formerly owned or operated by us.
Some of our production sites have been used in large-scale metal industry operations for long periods of time, which increases the likelihood that historical contamination exists at these production sites. Historical contamination may cause clean-up obligations in case the purpose for which the land is used changes or in case excavations are performed in areas where such historical contamination exists. Soil contamination has been identified on some of our sites. Remediation costs do not constitute a significant portion of the Finnish Group companies' overall costs for environmental activities. The discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional cleanup obligations at these or other sites in the future could result in significant additional costs, however. In addition, Ovako Sweden AB are responsible for conducting remediation at a closed landfill site. The remediation process has been ongoing since 2008 and is expected to be completed in 2019. The remaining costs are estimated at EUR4.6 million.
Environmental liability. With the Directive 2004/35/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 21, 2004 on environmental liability with regard to the prevention and remedying of environmental damage, a framework for environmental liability was established based on the "polluter pays" principle, to prevent and remedy environmental damage. Environmental damage is defined as pollution of water, damage to biodiversity and land contamination that causes considerable harm to human health. Operators of activities that cause environmental damage can be obliged to restore the damage caused, or to pay for restoration, irrespective of whether they are responsible for the environmental damage.
