Some of our production sites have been used in large-scale metal industry operations for long periods of time, which increases the likelihood that historical contamination exists at these production sites. Historical contamination may cause clean-up obligations in case the purpose for which the land is used changes or in case excavations are performed in areas where such historical contamination exists. Soil contamination has been identified on some of our sites. Remediation costs do not constitute a significant portion of the Finnish Group companies' overall costs for environmental activities. The discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional cleanup obligations at these or other sites in the future could result in significant additional costs, however. In addition, Ovako Sweden AB are responsible for conducting remediation at a closed landfill site. The remediation process has been ongoing since 2008 and is expected to be completed in 2019. The remaining costs are estimated at EUR4.6 million.
Under the Swedish Environmental Act, the polluter is primarily responsible for remedying pollution to groundwater or soil. However, if the polluter cannot be determined or found or is unable or neglects to carry out its clean-up obligations, the current owner of the contaminated site can be held liable for reasonable remedial measures if the owner knew, or should have known, about the contamination, or if the owner consented to the polluting activity. Additionally, the Swedish Environmental Act establishes a compensatory damages regime for personal injuries, damage to property and in certain cases for financial losses sustained from pollution of water, air or soil as well as from noise, vibrations, radiation, light, heat, odor or from other similar nuisances. Furthermore, the act regulates compensation for clean-up costs as well as preventive and remediation measures.
Under the Finnish Environmental Protection Act (Fi. Ymparistonsuojelulaki), the polluter is primarily responsible for remedying pollution to groundwater or soil. However, if the polluter cannot be determined or found or is unable or neglects to carry out its clean-up obligations, the current owner of the contaminated site can be held liable for reasonable remedial measures if the owner knew, or should have known, about the contamination, or if the owner consented to the polluting activity. The Finnish Environmental Protection Act applies only to pollution that has occurred on or after January 1, 1994. For contamination that occurred before this date, liability is based on the then applicable Waste Act (Fi. Jatelaki) and Waste Management Act (Fi. Jatehuoltolaki). Additionally, the Finnish Act on Compensation for Environmental Damage (Fi. Laki ymparistovahinkojen korvaamisesta) establishes a compensatory damages regime for personal injuries, damage to property and in certain cases for financial losses sustained from pollution of water, air or soil as well as from noise, vibrations, radiation, light, heat, odor or from other similar nuisances. Furthermore, the act regulates compensation for clean-up costs as well as preventive and remediation measures. The person whose activity has caused the environmental damage, a person comparable to the person carrying out the activity causing the environmental damage, or the person to whom the activity which caused the environmental damage has been assigned, if the assignee knew or should have known, at the time of assignment, about the loss or the nuisance or the threat of the same, is liable to compensate for the damage. Furthermore, our Finnish companies are required to carry insurance to comply with the Finnish Environmental Damage
119
Insurance Act (Fi. Laki ymparistovakuutuksesta) which establishes a complementary compensation scheme if the party liable for the environmental damage is insolvent or cannot be identified.
Waste and hazardous waste. Our production facilities are subject to the Directive 2008/98/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 19, 2008 on waste (as amended, the "Waste Framework Directive"). According to the EU Council, the Waste Framework Directive is aimed at encouraging re-use and recycling of waste as well as at simplifying current legislation. The directive introduces a new approach to waste management that encourages the prevention of waste. In addition, the directive lays down a five-step hierarchy of waste management options which must be applied by the EU member states when developing their national waste policies: (i) waste prevention; (ii) re-use; (iii) recycling; (iv) recovery (including energy recovery); and (v) as a last resort, safe disposal of waste. EU member states were required to transpose the Waste Framework Directive into national law within two years from its adoption.
The Waste Framework Directive is based on the "polluter pays" principle. According to the Waste Framework Directive, the costs of waste management must be borne by the original waste producer or by the current or previous waste holders. Member states may decide that the costs of waste management are to be borne partly or wholly by the producer of the product from which the waste came and that the distributors of such product may share these costs.
Dust, sludge and scale collected from engineering steel manufacturing operations are the most significant waste categories for us. These waste materials are collected and, wherever practical, recycled to recover the alloying elements they contain. Waste from our production units is sent to appropriate treatment facilities or to landfill sites licensed to accept such materials. The Council Directive 91/689/EEC of December 12, 1991 on hazardous waste sets forth provisions for the management, recovery and disposal of hazardous waste. The directive requires that all facilities generating hazardous waste must obtain a permit and subject themselves to periodic inspections as well as provide information on the origin and destination of the waste. We believe we have implemented these practices in all material respects. This directive was repealed by and integrated to the Waste Framework Directive on December 12, 2010. In addition, the Waste Framework Directive repealed and partly replaced Council Directive 75/439/EEC of June 16, 1975 on the disposal of waste oils. The EU waste list is under revision, and at this stage it is difficult to accurately predict the impact of this revision on our operations.
All our operational sites provide for an adequate collection, treatment, recycling and disposal of waste in material compliance with applicable laws and regulations, regularly by involving certified third party waste disposal companies.
