Dust, sludge and scale collected from engineering steel manufacturing operations are the most significant waste categories for us. These waste materials are collected and, wherever practical, recycled to recover the alloying elements they contain. Waste from our production units is sent to appropriate treatment facilities or to landfill sites licensed to accept such materials. The Council Directive 91/689/EEC of December 12, 1991 on hazardous waste sets forth provisions for the management, recovery and disposal of hazardous waste. The directive requires that all facilities generating hazardous waste must obtain a permit and subject themselves to periodic inspections as well as provide information on the origin and destination of the waste. We believe we have implemented these practices in all material respects. This directive was repealed by and integrated to the Waste Framework Directive on December 12, 2010. In addition, the Waste Framework Directive repealed and partly replaced Council Directive 75/439/EEC of June 16, 1975 on the disposal of waste oils. The EU waste list is under revision, and at this stage it is difficult to accurately predict the impact of this revision on our operations.
Incident prevention. Directive 96/82/EC of December 9, 1996 (the "Seveso II Directive"), Directive 2003/105/EC of December 16, 2003, and Directive 2012/18/EU (jointly with the Seveso II Directive, the "Seveso Directives'') address prevention, preparedness and response to industrial and chemical accidents involving hazardous substances. Operators of plants subject to the Directives are obliged to develop and implement safety procedures and precautionary measures in order to prevent major accidents and to limit their consequences for human beings and the environment.
Hazardous substances are regularly used at or required for the operation of our sites, including diesel fuel, heating fuel oil, and lubricating and hydraulic oil, which are used and stored in certified equipment that is examined regularly. Some of the sites of the Group are subject to rules for dangerous substances in production and storage facilities and aims to prevent major accidents involving dangerous substances and limit their consequences to the human health and the environment under the Seveso II Directive. We have implemented the Seveso II Directive rules at these sites and we believe we are currently in compliance with their requirements.
Issued in 1996, it is applicable to any establishment where dangerous substances are present or likely to be produced as a result of an accident, in quantities equal to or in excess of the quantities listed in an annex to the directive. In Finland, the directive was implemented into the Chemical Act (Fi. Kemikaalilaki), the Act on Explosives (Fi. Laki rajahdysvaarallisista aineista), which was replaced in 2005 by the Act on Safe Handling of Dangerous Chemicals and Explosives (Fi. Laki vaarallisten kemikaalien ja rajahteiden kasittelyn turvallisuudesta), and the Decree on Industrial Handling and
120
Storage of Dangerous Chemicals (Fi. Asetus vaarallisten kemikaalien teollisesta käsittelystä ja varastoinnista). These regulations contain provisions relating to on-site inspections by relevant agencies and the obligation to compile and regularly update safety, rescue and evacuation plans. A review of the Seveso II Directive has been conducted, and on December 21, 2010, the Commission adopted a proposal for a new directive that would repeal and replace the current Seveso II Directive (primarily to conform the Seveso II Directive to the REACH Regulation (as defined under "REACH" below)). Based on this proposal, Directive 2012/18/EU of July 4, 2012 on the control of major-accident hazards involving dangerous substances, amending and subsequently repealing Council Directive 96/82/EC (the "Seveso III Directive") was adopted, which amends and subsequently repeals the Seveso II Directive. EU member states are required to transpose the Seveso III Directive by May 31, 2015 and apply it from June 1, 2015. It is too early to predict the impact of the new directive on the operations of the Group companies. The production facilities of our Swedish and Finnish companies are covered by the Seveso II Directive (as of June 1, 2015, the Seveso III Directive) and its national implementations. In Sweden, the directive was implemented by the Act on measures for preventing and minimizing the consequences of severe chemical accidents (Sw. Lag (1999:381) om åtgärder för att förebygga och begränsa följderna av allvarliga kemikalieolyckor) and by amendments to the Swedish Environmental Act. In Finland, the implementation process is ongoing and it is expected that a bill shall be submitted to the Finnish Parliament by the end of 2014.
Our Swedish companies are subject to and comply with regulation by the Act on Measures for Preventing and Minimizing the Consequences of Severe Chemical Accidents (Sw. Lag (1999:381) om åtgärder för att förebygga och begränsa följderna av allvarliga kemikalieolyckor) which contain detailed rules on the storage, handling and use of chemical substances. Our Finnish companies are subject to and comply with regulation by the Chemical Act (Fi. Kemikaalilaki) the Act on Safe Handling of Dangerous Chemicals and Explosives (Fi. Laki vaarallisten kemikaalien ja räjähteiden käsittelyn turvallisuudesta), and the Finnish Decree on Industrial Handling and Storage of Dangerous Chemicals (Fi. Valtioneuvoston asetus vaarallisten kemikaalien käsittelyn ja varastoinnin valvonnasta) which contain detailed rules on the storage, handling and use of chemical substances. Our Swedish and Finnish companies have obtained the necessary permits regarding the storage and use of chemicals and are subject to regular inspections at our sites.
Work health and safety. The general Swedish rules on occupational safety are stipulated in the Swedish Work Environment Act (Sw. arbetsmiljölagen) and a number of governmental decrees which place the main responsibility to take precautionary health and safety measures on the employer. Under the Act, the employer is required to identify potential health and safety hazards, evaluate the potential risk to the employees and promote an occupation health and safety policy. Additionally, the act stipulates requirements for structural and functional safety at the workplace as well as the storage, maintenance and handling of chemicals.
In December 2013, there was a fatal accident at Ovako Bar AB's site Smedjebacken. The Swedish Work Environment Authority has conducted an investigation which does not indicate that the Company has violated any major regulations. Their investigation report has been handed over to the Swedish Police Authority who is conducting an independent investigation which has not yet been completed. It cannot be ruled out that the board of directors of Ovako Bar AB or the person to whom the work environmental responsibilities has been delegated (e.g. the managing director) may be subject to criminal charges. Ovako Bar AB could also be fined for the accident.
