Work health and safety. The general Swedish rules on occupational safety are stipulated in the Swedish Work Environment Act (Sw. arbetsmiljölagen) and a number of governmental decrees which place the main responsibility to take precautionary health and safety measures on the employer. Under the Act, the employer is required to identify potential health and safety hazards, evaluate the potential risk to the employees and promote an occupation health and safety policy. Additionally, the act stipulates requirements for structural and functional safety at the workplace as well as the storage, maintenance and handling of chemicals.
The general Finnish rules on occupational safety are contained in the Finnish Occupational Safety and Health Act (Fi: Työturvallisuuslaki) and a number of governmental decrees which place the main responsibility to take precautionary health and safety measures on the employer. Under the law, the employer is required to identify potential health and safety hazards, evaluate the potential risk to the employees and promote an occupation health and safety policy. Additionally, the act stipulates requirements for structural and functional safety at the workplace as well as the storage, maintenance and handling of chemicals. Furthermore, pursuant to the Finnish Occupational Health Care Act (Fi: Työterveyshuoltolaki), our Finnish companies are required to arrange for the availability of professional occupational health services for their employees at their sites.
121
The REACH Regulation. We are subject to Regulation No. 1907/2006/EC of the European Parliament and the Council of December 18, 2006 concerning the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (as amended, the "REACH Regulation"), which came into force on June 1, 2007. The REACH Regulation created the European Chemical Agency (the "ECHA") to manage all tasks related to it and to coordinate the necessary measures as well as to ensure a consistent implementation of the regulation at the community level. According to the ECHA, the REACH Regulation requires industry to bear certain responsibilities in managing the risks posed by chemicals and to provide appropriate safety information to their users. This includes testing, evaluation, assessment and registration of basic chemicals and chemical intermediates. In parallel, the REACH Regulation allows the EU to take additional measures regarding highly dangerous substances where there is a need for complementing actions at the EU level. We registered all required high volume products (substances) prior to the deadline in 2010 and we provide the required information to customers and other stakeholders. Companies were required to register medium volume substances by May 31, 2013. We registered all required medium volume products (substances) prior to the deadline in 2013 and we provide the required information to customers and other stakeholders. Future changes in REACH requirements, such as restrictions or a ban an a highly dangerous substance, could result in additional obligations and costs.
Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 of the European Parliament and Council of 16 December 2008 on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures, amending and repealing Directives 67/548/EEC and 1999/45/EC, and amending Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 ("CLP Regulation") requires companies to appropriately classify, label and package their substances and mixtures before placing them on the market. The main goal of the Regulation is to protect workers, consumers and the environment by means of labelling which reflects possible hazardous effects of a particular chemical. CLP Regulation complements REACH Regulation in regard to notification of classifications, the establishment of a list of harmonized classifications and the creation of a classification and labelling inventory.
Sulfur emissions. Council Directive 1999/32/EC provides for the reduction in the sulfur content of certain liquid fuels used by member states. The Directive aims to reduce the emissions of sulfur resulting from the combustion of certain types of liquid fuels and thereby reducing the harmful effects of such emissions on citizens and the environment. By Directive 2012/33/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 21, 2012 amending Council Directive 1999/32/EC as regards the sulfur content of marine fuels, the maximum permissible sulfur content of maritime fuels used in sensitive areas such as the Baltic Sea, the North Sea and the English Channel will fall from the previous level of 1.5% to 0.1% as of January 1, 2015. Other areas are to achieve a reduction from 3.5% to 0.5% by January 1, 2020. The changes are to be phased in during a five-year period between 2015 and 2020.
Insurance
We believe that our insurance coverage is appropriate for our business. We maintain general liability, property damage, business interruption and a variety of other insurance policies through third party policies. We also maintain workers' compensation and motor liability coverage that is compulsory in Sweden, Finland and the other countries in which we operate. The combined limit for our general liability policy was EUR50 million, and for our property damage and business interruption policy EUR350 million. Our insurance coverage meets all statutory and contractual insurance requirements.
We have one open claim. There was a ladle breakthrough with a resulting fire at our Imatra facility on May 16, 2013. After repairs, steel production resumed on June 25, 2013. We estimate the loss to be approximately EUR11 million of which the insurance company has paid EUR8.0 million. There are no other material claims outstanding.
