We believe that our insurance coverage is appropriate for our business. We maintain general liability, property damage, business interruption and a variety of other insurance policies through third party policies. We also maintain workers' compensation and motor liability coverage that is compulsory in Sweden, Finland and the other countries in which we operate. The combined limit for our general liability policy was EUR50 million, and for our property damage and business interruption policy EUR350 million. Our insurance coverage meets all statutory and contractual insurance requirements.
122
Legal proceedings
From time to time, we are party to a variety of claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. At present, however, we expect that none of these claims or proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of all pending suits and claims, the ultimate resolution of these matters as well as future lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation.
123
Certain relationships and related party transactions
The Parent Company has provided several shareholder loans to the Issuer and to a number of subsidiaries of the Issuer and the Issuer has provided a shareholder loan to the subsidiary Ovako Finland Oy Ab. These shareholder loans form part of the Collateral. See "Description o f Notes-- Security". The right to receive and make payments under these shareholder loans is subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and the relevant Security Documents. For more information, see "Description o f other indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement." Certain directors and members of the senior management of the Group have invested in a management equity program pursuant to which they hold ordinary and preference shares in Triton Luxembourg GP Oven S.C.A. corresponding to an indirect ownership of Oven Luxco S.a r.l. of 7.19%. See "Principal Shareholders". Triton Luxembourg GP Oven S.C.A. owns 11.82% of the shares and votes in Oven Luxco S.a r.l., which in its turn owns all shares and votes of Triako Holdco AB, the parent company of the Parent Company. Pursuant to the management equity program the participants will benefit from any dividends paid from the Group to its ultimate shareholders. We purchase services from West Park Management Services Ltd on a continuous and demand based basis. The Parent Company Board member Nizar Ghoussaini acts on a consultancy basis as Senior Industry Expert for West Park Management Services Ltd. West Park Management Services Ltd provides services exclusively to Triton and Triton portfolio companies. See note 27 to our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 for further information.
124
Board of directors and management
