Group, Chief Financial Officer of SAS Sverige and Chief Executive Officer of Spanair. Mr. Hedblom also worked as Consultant at McKinsey & Co. and a Production Engineer at Scania. Mr. Hedblom holds a master's degree in engineering, with a major in industrial engineering and management, from the Institute of Technology at Linköping University.
Karin Lagerstedt Woolford was appointed Director of Human Resources of Ovako Group AB in 2014. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Lagerstedt Woolford served in a number of senior human resources roles including Senior Vice President of HR at Green Cargo, Deputy HR Director at SEB AB and Head of HR Retail Division SEB. Ms. Lagerstedt Woolford also previously worked as a management consultant at Ernst & Young and Capgemini. Ms. Lagerstedt Woolford holds a master of science in business administration from Gothenburg School of Economics and Commercial Law.
Heikki Nyholm was appointed President of Business Area Bar Imatra of Ovako Group AB in 2011. Prior to this position, Mr. Nyholm served in a number of senior positions at Ovako and Imatra Steel including Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Vice President of Production and Senior Vice President of Operations. Mr. Nyholm holds a master's of business administration from Helsinki School of Economics and a master's in engineering from Lappeenranta University of Technology.
Göran Nyström was appointed Head of Marketing and Technology of Ovako Group AB in 2012. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Nyström served in a number of marketing and technology roles including Senior Vice President of Supply at Sandvik Tooling, Senior Vice President of Supply at Sandvik Mining and Construction and Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Sandvik Materials Technology. Mr. Nyström holds a master's degree in engineering physics from Uppsala University.
Rickard Qvarfort was appointed President of Business Area Bar SmeBox of Ovako Group AB in 2011. Prior to this position, Mr. Qvarfort served as President of Business Area Tube and Ring and several senior positions at Ovako and SKF Steel. Mr. Qvarfort holds a Master's degree in Metallurgy from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm.
Carl-Michael Raihle was appointed President of Business Area Tube and Ring of Ovako Group AB in 2011. Prior to joining the Group, Dr. Raihle served in a number of roles including Executive Vice President of Luvata Rolled Products Division, Chief Technology Officer at Luvata and several senior positions at Outokumpu. Dr. Raihle holds a master's degree in metallurgy and a Ph.D. in materials processing from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm.
Mathias Tillman was appointed President of Business Area Bright Bar of Ovako Group AB in 2014. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tillman served in a number of roles including Global Business Unit Manager at Sandvik Hard Materials and Head of Research and Development at Sandvik Hard Materials. Mr. Tillman holds a master's degree in material science from Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm and a master's of technology management from Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg.
The Issuer
Ovako AB (publ) is a registered Swedish public limited liability company (Sw. publikt aktiebolag) incorporated on July 1, 2010 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on July 2, 2010. The issued share capital of Ovako AB (publ) is EUR60,000, divided into 50,000 fully paid up registered shares (Sw. stamaktier) with a quota value of EUR1.20 each. Ovako AB (publ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ovako Group AB.
