(2) A Jersey law governed limited partnership controlled by Triton and specifically incorporated for the purpose of allowing certain investors in Triton Fund III to coinvest.
Founded in 1997, Triton is a leading private equity investment firm in the Nordic and German speaking regions with offices in Stockholm, Frankfurt, London, Shanghai, Jersey and Luxembourg. Its investment philosophy is focused around building better businesses based on operational improvement and "buy and build" value creation strategies. Triton, through its funds, has executed more than 40 investments since inception, and its current portfolio comprises 25 companies with combined sales of approximately EUR13.0 billion and over 55,000 employees. The management teams and businesses Triton partners with have to date completed more than 100 add-on acquisitions. Triton has approximately 100 investors entrusting capital of around EUR7.7 billion to five funds and seeks to invest in companies with strong long-term prospects in its core sectors of industrial manufacturing (54% of invested capital), business services (24% of invested capital) and consumer/health services (22% of invested capital).
In 2013, Triton raised its fourth fund with EUR3.5 billion of commitments. Triton has significant experience in investing in global industrial companies having invested in amongst others Alimak Hek, Aventics (former Bosch Rexroth Pneumatics), Battenfeld & Cincinnati, Befesa, Dematic, Dunkermotoren, Dywidag-Systems International, GCE, RMG, Stabilus and Wittur. Current Triton portfolio companies include Alpine Energie, Ambea, Compo, DSV Miljo, Europart, European Directories, Inflight Service, Infratek, Kahrs, Logstor, Nordic Tankers, OBH Nordica, Orion, Papyrus, Polygon, Suomen Lahikauppa and Talis.
130
Description of other indebtedness
The following is a summary o f material provisions o f our principal financing arrangements in addition to the Indenture after giving effect to the Transaction. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the underlying documents. Certain capitalized terms used in this section refer to those terms as defined in the underlying agreements described in this section.
Revolving Credit Facility
On or prior to the issuance of the Notes, the Issuer and certain of its subsidiaries will enter into a super senior revolving credit facility agreement expressed to be governed by English law with, Nordea Bank AB (publ) as mandated lead arranger, original lender and agent (the "RCF Agent"), providing for a committed EUR40.0 million multicurrency revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility") (with an option for one or more uncommitted additional facilities of up to an aggregate amount of EUR10.0 million (the "Additional Facilities") exercisable by the Parent Company subject to certain requirements being met). Subject to certain exceptions, loans may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed at any time. The Revolving Credit Facility may be utilized by loans (in Euro, Dollars, Sterling and Swedish Krona or other currencies agreed to by the relevant lenders) or ancillary facilities. We expect to roll over into the Revolving Credit Facility from our Senior Credit Facilities an overdraft facility of approximately EUR10 million and approximately EUR2.5 million in bank guarantees. Utilisations under the Revolving Credit Facility (other than under any Additional Facilities) may be used for general corporate and working capital purposes of the Group but may not be used for (i) the payment of transaction costs related to the incurrence of indebtedness, the issuance of equity or certain acquisitions and disposals of assets, (ii) the purchase, redemption, repayment or prepayment of the Notes (and any refinancing of the Notes), any Pension Insurance Line, certain secured debt ranking pari passu with the Notes (any refinancing of such debt) or any other term debt, (iii) the payment of any dividend, redemption, repurchase, defeasement, retirement, repayment, premium or any other distribution in respect of share capital or (iv) refinancing any cash utilisations under any other facility available to a member of the Group. Utilizations under the Additional Facilities may be used for any purpose agreed to by the person(s) providing commitments thereunder.
Under the Revolving Credit Facility, a lender may make all or a portion of its commitment under the Revolving Credit Facility available as an ancillary facility, including overdraft facilities, guarantee, bonding, documentary or standby letter of credit facilities, short-term loan facilities, derivatives facilities and foreign exchange facilities, subject in each case to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent.
