141
Ovako AB (pub!) (the "Issuer") will issue Euro-denominated notes (the "Notes") under an indenture (the "Indenture") among, inter alios, itself, as issuer, Ovako Group AB (the "Parent"), the Issuer's subsidiaries that guarantee the Notes (the "Subsidiary Guarantors" and, together with the Parent, the "Guarantors"), U.S. Bank Trustees Limited, as trustee (the "Trustee"), and U.S. Bank Trustees Limited, as security agent (the "Security Agent"), in a private transaction that is not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.
Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this " Description o f Notes" to the Notes include any Additional Notes that are issued. See " Notice to investors". The terms of the Notes include those set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture will not incorporate or include any of, or be subject to, the provisions of the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The Security Documents referred to below under the caption "--Security" describe the terms of the security that will secure the Notes.
The following description is only a summary of the material provisions of the Indenture, the Notes, the Note Guarantees and the Security Documents and refers to the Intercreditor Agreement. It does not restate those agreements in their entirety. We urge you to read the Indenture, the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement because they, and not this description, define your rights as holders of the Notes. Copies of the Indenture, the form of Note, the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement are available as set forth below under "--Additional information".
You can find the definitions of certain terms used in this description under the subheading "--Certain definitions". Certain defined terms used in this description but not defined below under "--Certain definitions" have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. In this description, the term "Issuer" refers only to Ovako AB (publ) and not to any of its Subsidiaries; the term "Parent" refers only to Ovako Group AB and not to any of its Subsidiaries; and the terms "we", "our" and "us" refer to the Parent and, where the context so requires, certain or all of its Subsidiaries.
The registered holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. Only registered holders will have rights under the Indenture.
Brief description of the notes and the note guarantees
The Notes
The Notes:
