· will be effectively senior to all of such Guarantor's existing and future unsecured Indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing such Note Guarantee.
Not all of the Parent's and the Issuer's Subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of these non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, the non-Guarantor Subsidiaries will pay the holders of their debt and their trade creditors before they will be able to distribute any of their assets to the Issuer or a Guarantor. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2013, Subsidiary Guarantors collectively represented 88.9% of our net sales and 103.9% of our consolidated EBITDA and as of December 31, 2013, they represented 89.6% of our total assets. These figures represent revenue, EBITDA and total assets, as applicable, after intercompany eliminations. Certain of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries have negative EBITDA and total assets.
The operations of the Issuer are conducted through its Subsidiaries and therefore the Issuer depends on the cash flow of its Subsidiaries to meet its obligations, including its obligations under the Notes. The Notes will be effectively subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness and other liabilities and commitments (including trade payables and lease obligations) of any of the Issuer's non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. Any right of the Issuer or any Guarantor to receive assets of any of its non-guarantor Subsidiaries upon that non-guarantor Subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization (and the consequent right of the holders of the Notes to participate in those assets) will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that non-Guarantor Subsidiary's creditors, except to the extent that the Issuer or such Guarantor is itself recognized as a creditor of the non-Guarantor Subsidiary, in which case the claims of the Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may be, would still be subordinated in right of payment to any security in the assets of the non-Guarantor Subsidiary and any Indebtedness of the non-Guarantor
143
Subsidiary senior to that held by the Issuer or such Guarantor. As of March 31, 2014, after giving pro forma effect to the Refinancing, on a consolidated basis, the Parent's subsidiaries that will not Guarantee the Notes would not have had any Indebtedness outstanding. See " Risk factors-- Risks related to our structure and indebtedness--Other than providing management services, the Issuer is a holding company and depends on distributions from its subsidiaries to service and repay the Notes; certain covenants in our financing arrangements and other agreements may limit the availability o f operating cash flow to the Issuer".
As of the Issue Date, all of the Parent's Subsidiaries will be "Restricted Subsidiaries" for purposes of the Indenture. Under certain circumstances described below under the caption "--Certain Covenants--Designation o f Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries", the Parent will be permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries as "Unrestricted Subsidiaries". Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture.
Principal, maturity and interest
The Issuer will issue EUR300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes in this offering. The Issuer may issue additional Notes ("Additional Notes") under the Indenture from time to time after this offering. The Notes may be issued in one or more series under the Indenture. Any issuance of Additional Notes will be subject to all of the covenants in the Indenture, including the covenant described below under the caption "--Certain covenants--Incurrence o f Indebtedness and issuance o f preferred stock". The Notes and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under the Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture ; provided, however, that in the event any Additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes issued in this offering for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such nonfungible Additional Notes will be issued with a separate CUSIP, ISIN or other identifying number so that they are distinguishable from the Notes. The Issuer will issue Notes in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will mature on June 1, 2019. The redemption price at maturity will equal 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed.
Interest on the Notes will accrue at a rate per annum equal to 6.500%. Interest on the Notes will:
