xx
This summary highlights certain information about our business and the Refinancing including the Offering described elsewhere in this offering memorandum. This summary is not complete and does not contain all the information you should consider before investing in the Notes. The summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this offering memorandum, including the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (and related notes) and the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. You should carefully read this offering memorandum in its entirety to understand our business, the nature and terms o f the Notes and the tax and other considerations which are important to your decision to invest in the Notes, including the information set forth under "Forward-looking statements," "Risk factors", "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results o f operations" and "Business".
Overview
We are a leading European producer of engineering steel, with a focus on value add products for demanding engineering applications. We are headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, and have five main production facilities in Sweden and Finland, including three electric arc furnace ("EAF") melting facilities. We have three finishing facilities in France, Italy and the Netherlands and 15 sales offices across Europe and in the United States, Singapore and China.
We supply engineering steel products under our master brand "Ovako" and our five distinct product brands M-Steel, BQ-Steel, IQ-Steel, SZ-Steel and WR-Steel, which are based on leading application development, metallurgical expertise and production technology. We have more than 300 active feasible steel grades for making materials, of which 110 make up more than 80% of the volumes, across our three main production flows. Most of our sales volume can be categorized into our five product brands, which represent five types of engineering steel materials that we sell, each of which has its own specialized end uses. Our production facilities use these steel grades to produce more than 10,000 different hot-rolled or forged shapes for customers, 2,400 of which comprised approximately 80% of our volume in 2013.
We have a diversified client base with over 2,000 customers, many of which consist of long standing relationships with companies who are leaders in their end markets. We believe that one of the key benefits we offer our customers is working together with them to solve their particular engineering challenges. As our products are often specific to our customers' requirements we benefit from being the supplier through our customer's entire product cycle, which may be several years. Consequently we benefit from a high proportion of repeat customers, with approximately 97.5% of the volumes sold to our top 1,000 customers in 2013 purchased by repeat customers that had placed orders with us in 2012. We have had relationships with each of our top ten customers for at least nine years, seven of which we have had for more than 20 years. Our top ten customers represented 40% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2013. We supply our largest customers at several different assembly facilities across a number of different jurisdictions and end markets.
We operate in the engineering steel segment, a segment of the steel industry focused on mildly to highly alloyed steel. The engineering steel segment is a specialized sector within the broader general steel industry. Value is added to our products by providing them with specific qualities requested by clients. We produce engineering steel products for four main end markets: automotive and transportation, other engineering, mining and oil & gas, and energy production. The automotive and transportation and other engineering markets are our largest end markets, which we estimate accounted for approximately 40% and 30% of our total net sales in 2013, respectively. Our main geographic markets are Western Europe and the Nordics (Sweden, Finland, Denmark and Norway). In 2013, Western Europe (excluding the Nordics) and the Nordics accounted for 44.5% and 39.3%, respectively, of our total net sales, with Sweden and Germany together accounting for 52.1% of our total net sales.
1
We have been owned by Triton since 2010, during which time we have successfully managed through the recent market downturn in Europe. During the twelve months ended March 31, 2014, we generated total revenue of EUR875.6 million and Pro forma Adjusted EBITDA (as defined herein) of EUR74.0 million and sold 709 kt of steel. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we had an average of 3,001 full time equivalent employees worldwide.
