The Issuer will issue EUR300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes in this offering. The Issuer may issue additional Notes ("Additional Notes") under the Indenture from time to time after this offering. The Notes may be issued in one or more series under the Indenture. Any issuance of Additional Notes will be subject to all of the covenants in the Indenture, including the covenant described below under the caption "--Certain covenants--Incurrence o f Indebtedness and issuance o f preferred stock". The Notes and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under the Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture ; provided, however, that in the event any Additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes issued in this offering for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such nonfungible Additional Notes will be issued with a separate CUSIP, ISIN or other identifying number so that they are distinguishable from the Notes. The Issuer will issue Notes in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will mature on June 1, 2019. The redemption price at maturity will equal 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed.
 accrue from the Issue Date or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid;
 be payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on December 1, 2014;
 be payable to the holder of record of such Notes on May 15 and November 15 immediately preceding the related interest payment date; and
 be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed.
Interest on overdue principal and interest, if any, will accrue at a rate 1.0% higher than the then applicable interest rate on the Notes.
The rights of holders of the Notes to receive the payments of interest on such Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream. If the due date for any payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
Paying agent and registrar for the notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a "Paying Agent") for the Notes in the City of London for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock
