Paying agent and registrar for the notes
144
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market. The Issuer will undertake to maintain a Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union that is not obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended from time to time) or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting on November 26 and 27, 2000 on the taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such directive. The initial Paying Agent will be Elavon Financial Services Limited, U.K. Branch, acting through its London office.
The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a "Registrar") for the Notes. The Issuer will also maintain one or more transfer agents. The initial Registrar will be Elavon Financial Services Limited and the initial Transfer Agent will be Elavon Financial Services Limited, U.K. Branch.
The Registrar will maintain a register (the "Register") outside the United Kingdom reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfer of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Issuer and a copy of the Register will be sent to the Issuer on the Issue Date and after any change to the Register made by the Registrar, with such copy to be held by the Issuer at its registered office. In case of discrepancies between the Register and the register held by the Issuer at its registered office, the latter will prevail for purposes of Luxembourg law. See "Book-entry, delivery and form".
The Issuer may change the Paying Agents, the Registrar or the transfer agents without prior notice to the holders of Notes. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a daily newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is currently expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Methods of receiving payments on the Notes
Principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Global Notes will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents; provided that all such payments with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by the common depositary (or its nominee, as applicable) for Euroclear or Clearstream will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the holder or holders thereof.
Principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on any certificated securities ("D e fin itiv e R e g iste re d N o te s") may be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents in the City of London maintained for such purposes. In addition, interest on the Definitive Registered Notes may be paid by wire transfer or by check mailed to the person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes. See "--Paying Agent and registrar for the notes".
