Principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Global Notes will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents; provided that all such payments with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by the common depositary (or its nominee, as applicable) for Euroclear or Clearstream will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the holder or holders thereof.
Transfer and exchange
Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Rule 144A Global Notes"), and Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Regulation S Global Notes" and together with the Rule 144A Global Notes, the "Global Notes"). The Regulation S Global Notes will, upon issuance, be deposited with and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Ownership of interests in the Global Notes (the "Book-Entry Interests") will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream Banking or Persons that may hold interests
145
through such participants. Ownership of interests in the Book-Entry Interests and transfers thereof will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and certification requirements summarized below and described more fully under "Plan o f Distribution--Transfer restrictions". In addition, transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream Banking will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream Banking pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by Euroclear or Clearstream Banking and their respective participants.
Book-Entry Interests in the Rule 144A Global Note, or the "Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests", may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the Regulation S Global Note, or the "Regulation S Book-Entry Interests", only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
Prior to 40 days after the date of initial issuance of the Notes, ownership of Book-Entry Interests in Regulation S Global Notes will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or persons who hold interests through Euroclear or Clearstream, and any sale or transfer of such interest to U.S. persons shall not be permitted during such period unless such resale or transfer is made pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Subject to the foregoing, Regulation S Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of 144A Book-Entry Interests only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under " Notice to investors" and in accordance with any applicable securities law of any other jurisdiction.
In connection with transfers involving an exchange of a Regulation S Book-Entry Interest for a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest, appropriate adjustments will be made to reflect a decrease in the principal amount of the Regulation S Global Note and a corresponding increase in the principal amount of the Rule 144A Global Note.
