Each holder of the Notes, by accepting a Note, shall be deemed (i) to have authorized the Trustee to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Agent to enter into the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) to be bound thereby. Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, appoints the Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, as its trustee or agent under the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement and authorizes it to act as such.
Security documents
The relevant security provider and the Security Agent will, as applicable, enter into Security Documents defining the terms of the Liens that secure the Notes and the Note Guarantees and the other secured obligations that will be secured by the Collateral. Subject to the terms of, and limitations under, the Security Documents, these security interests will secure the payment and performance when due of all of the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under the Notes, the Indenture, the Note Guarantees and the Security Documents. The terms of the Security Documents will limit the enforcement generally to an effect similar to the limitations on the Note Guarantees. See " Risk factors--Risks relating to an investment in the Notes and the Guarantees--The Guarantees and security interests on the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable laws or subject to certain defenses that may limit their validity and enforceability" and "Certain insolvency law considerations and limitations on validity and enforceability o f the guarantees and security interests".
Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Documents will, as described under the caption " Description o f other indebtedness-- Intercreditor agreement", permit the Trustee and the respective agents for the Pension Insurance
152
Line and the Revolving Credit Facility to instruct the Security Agent to take enforcement action under the Security Documents following the occurrence of certain acceleration events under the Indenture, the Pension Insurance Line, or as applicable, the Revolving Credit Facility.
In certain jurisdictions, due to the laws and other jurisprudence governing the creation and perfection of security interests and enforceability of such security interests, the obligations of the Issuer and the relevant Guarantor under the Notes, the Indenture and the relevant Note Guarantee cannot be directly secured by certain of the Security Documents. These will instead secure a parallel debt claim mirroring the obligations under the Notes, the Indenture and such Note Guarantee that is acknowledged by the relevant Guarantor by way of an independent acknowledgement of indebtedness in favor of the Security Agent in the Intercreditor Agreement. Such parallel debt claim is (subject to limitations generally to an effect similar to the limitations on the Note Guarantees) at any time equal to the total amounts and payable at the same time as the obligations of the Issuer and such Guarantor under the Notes, the Indenture and such Note Guarantee and any payment in respect of the so mirrored obligations will discharge the corresponding parallel debt claim and any payment in respect of the parallel debt claim will discharge the corresponding mirrored obligations. The parallel debt construct has not been tested under law in certain of these jurisdictions. Please see "Risk Factors--Risks relating to an investment in the Notes and the Guarantees--The security over the Collateral will not be granted directly to the holders o f the Notes, and the holders o f the Notes will have limited rights to enforce remedies under the Security Documents".
Neither holders of the Notes nor the Trustee are a party to the Security Documents. Therefore, neither the Trustee nor the holders of the Notes may, individually or collectively, take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents. The holders of the Notes may only take action through the Security Agent. The Security Agent will agree to any release of the security interest created by the Security Documents that is in accordance with the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement without requiring any consent of the holders or the Trustee. In certain circumstances, the Trustee will have the ability to direct the Security Agent to commence enforcement action under the Security Documents.
Release
