(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officer's Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased by the Issuer.
The provisions described above that require the Issuer to make a Change of Control Offer following a Change of Control will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of the Indenture are applicable. Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the holders of the Notes to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if (1) a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of Control Offer, or (2) a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to the Indenture as described above under the caption "--Optional redemption", unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
The Issuer's ability to repurchase the Notes pursuant to the Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The occurrence of certain of the events that constitute a Change of Control would constitute a mandatory prepayment event and/or a default due to a breach of undertaking under the Pension Insurance Line and the Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, certain events that may constitute a change of control under the Pension Insurance Line and the Revolving Credit Facility may not constitute a Change of Control under the Indenture. The future Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the holders of the Notes of their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes could cause a default under such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the ability of the Issuer to pay cash to the holders of the Notes upon a repurchase may be limited by its then existing financial resources, and sufficient funds may not be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. We expect that we would require third party financing to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such financing. Please see "Risk factors--Risks relating to an investment in the Notes and the Guarantees--We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence o f certain events constituting a change o f control as required by the Indenture".
The definition of Change of Control includes a phrase relating to the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of "all or substantially all" of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase "substantially all", there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, the ability of a holder of Notes to require the Issuer to
157
repurchase its Notes as a result of a sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of less than all of the assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to another Person or group may be uncertain.
The provisions under the Indenture relating to the Issuer's obligation to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as a result of a Change of Control may be waived or modified with the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control.
If and for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a public announcement with respect to the results of any Change of Control Offer in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Lu xem b u rg er W ort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (w w w .b o u rse .lu ).
