The high degree of specification of products in the engineering steel segment also creates a high barrier to entry due to the fact that many of our products have been developed especially for and with our customers. These customers may incur switching costs if they were to change their supplier of engineering steel products. We have developed our reputation over a long period of time, which we believe represents another high barrier to entry. Many of the products we supply to our customers are critical to their end products and they rely on the reputation of our brand for providing products that demonstrate durability, strength and susceptibility to extreme temperatures.
We believe we have developed a flexible business set up that enables us to profitably produce complex products in small volumes. Customers also often require their engineering steel
2
supplier's close proximity to their own production facilities in order to participate in the product engineering and design process and to reduce the risk of supply chain lags, as well as to maintain lower transportation costs. Our production facilities and finishing centers are all located in close proximity to many of our key customers, which we believe is a significant advantage. Our main production and research and development centers are located in Sweden and Finland while in 2013 the Nordics accounted for 39.3% of our net sales and Western Europe accounted for 44.5% of our net sales. We have built up a sales force in all our major markets with close proximity to our key customers, facilitating a shorter response time and direct access to our customers in their own language. We have an experienced employee base with what we believe to be exceptional product know-how, particularly in steel metallurgy and research and development generally. This enables us to work together with our customers to supply steel for demanding applications with important properties, such as fatigue life, machinability and low levels of micro inclusions for applications where clean steel is vital. For example, in January 2013, Patrik Olund, our head of R&D was awarded the prestigious Kami Prize for his contribution to the development of our IQSteel.
In addition to geographic proximity, we have invested in a flexible asset base that allows us to produce small volumes with fast lead times. We have designed our equipment, and in some cases made our own modifications, to make it easier for us to run short campaigns and short sequences. This enables us to quickly produce small batches of complex products for many customers. In certain instances our products are unique and enable cost savings in our customers' production processes or confer a longer life to their final products, which may outweigh logistics costs for potential customers located further from our production facilities. We believe many of our non-European customers purchase our products despite logistics costs and longer lead times because of the high degree of specification that we provide them.
Leading market positions in Western Europe with presence in the United States and Asia
We have a leading position in a number of segments, such as bearings, and have the highest portion of bearing steel volume of any European steel producer. We have a number of European competitors, however, few to none of those serve the same customer base with the same breadth of different grades and shapes. In 2013, Western Europe (excluding the Nordics) and the Nordics accounted for 44.5% and 39.3%, respectively, of our total net sales. Based on net sales, our main geographic markets are Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland, which accounted for 71.4% of our total net sales in 2013. Sweden and Germany together accounted for 52.1% of our total net sales in 2013. We believe that our leading market position in the Nordics and our foothold in Western Europe are a key advantage, particularly in Sweden and Germany as these markets tend to be more resilient following economic downturns, as demonstrated by the 3.7% and 4.0% increases in GDP in Sweden and Germany, respectively, during the period from 2010 to 2012 compared to the less than 2% increases in each of France, the United Kingdom and Finland during the same period. We also have a small but growing presence in Asia and an existing presence the United States to serve our local customers. Most of our customers in China and Asia were originally customers in another region, most often the Nordics or Western Europe, but we recently also acquired several new customers in China and in Asia.
Diversified group of loyal and well known customers
We have a diversified client base with over 2,000 customers, many of which are leaders in their end markets and their fields, some of whom we supply across a range of different geographic locations and end-markets. Our broad customer diversification helps to lower our reliance on any individual customer or end market. Our customers are loyal, as evidenced by our high proportion of repeat customers. Approximately 97.5% of volumes sold to our top 1,000 customers in 2013 were purchased by repeat customers that had placed orders with us in 2012. We believe our customer loyalty reflects high customer satisfaction. For example, in 2014 Bosch awarded us the title "Preferred Supplier" for the seventh year in a row.
