159
The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the U.S. Exchange Act and any other applicable securities laws and regulations to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with each repurchase of Notes pursuant to a Notes Offer or an Asset Sale Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control or Asset Sale provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control or Asset Sale provisions of the Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
Selection and notice
Notices of redemption may be made subject to conditions precedent.
If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Paying Agent will select Notes for redemption on a pro rata basis (or, in the case of Notes issued in global form as discussed under " Book-entry, delivery and form", based on a method that most nearly approximates a pro rata selection, including by use of a pool factor), unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or depository requirements. The Trustee and the Paying Agent shall not be liable for selections made by the Paying Agent in accordance with this paragraph.
No Notes of 100,000 or less can be redeemed in part. Subject to the final paragraph in this " Selection and Notice", notices of redemption will be mailed by first class mail at least 30 but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture.
If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note will state the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed. A new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note will be issued in the name of the holder of Notes upon cancellation of the original Note. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.
For Notes which are represented by Global Notes held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream Banking, notices may be given by delivery of the relevant notices to Euroclear or Clearstream Banking for communication to entitled account holders in substitution for the aforesaid mailing. So long as any Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, any such notice to the holders of the relevant Notes shall also be published in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is currently expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and, in connection with any redemption, the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any change in the principal amount of Notes outstanding.
160
