Our management defined a strategy in 2011 setting out the steps to make Ovako more resilient in light of the recent economic downturn. This new strategy was based on the new market situation, with a focus on: (i) a long-term process improvement program to support profitability and reduce our break even point; (ii) an improvement in customer service to defend our market position and premium pricing; and (iii) the development of new volumes from new markets to decrease the impact of economic cycles. As a result of this strategy, we believe that we have become a more resilient business and reduced both our fixed costs, in particular costs in relation to our headcount and maintenance costs, and variable costs, in particular costs in relation to raw materials, energy and logistics. As a result of our cost reduction initiatives, our fixed costs decreased, on a constant currency basis, by EUR22.0 million, or 6.8%, from EUR325.0 million in 2011 to EUR303.0 million in 2013. This decrease was partly driven by our headcount reductions from 3,239 as of December 31, 2011 to 2,995 as of December 31, 2013 as production shifts at our
steel mills were reduced and flexible work time agreements in Sweden and Finland were implemented. Our variable costs have decreased primarily as a result of reduced energy costs as a result of our new electricity price hedging policy, reduced transportation costs as a result of renegotiated transportation agreements in Eastern Europe and centralization and optimization of purchasing of supplies. In addition, we have taken steps such as broadening our geographic markets to lower the volatility of the past caused by macro-economic cycles. We believe the changes put in place by our management will serve as a foundation for continued recovery and an improved business portfolio.
Raw material cost pass through contracts supporting relatively stable Contribution margins
Raw materials accounted for 44.6%, 37.8% and 36.2% of our total cost of goods sold in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. Steel scrap and alloys are the principal raw materials we use. Unlike most long product carbon steels, our engineering steel sales typically include scrap and alloy surcharge clauses, effectively passing on the raw material price to our customers. Our customer agreements with raw material price pass through typically allow us to adjust the scrap and alloy surcharge on a monthly basis. These frequent surcharge adjustments allow us to minimize the time lag for pass through. We estimate that a significant majority of our sales volume in 2013 was subject to agreements that enable us to pass along price increases in scrap and alloys through a surcharge mechanism, which helps us to maintain our Contribution margin when the prices of these raw materials fluctuate. While the remaining sales volume is sold based on contracts which do not allow us to pass on increases of scrap and alloy prices to customers, we manage our exposure under these contracts by frequently renegotiating the prices on a monthly and quarterly basis, which allows us to set prices in accordance with our estimated raw material costs at the time the contracts are entered into. As a result of our carefully managed raw material cost pass-through, our exposure to raw materials price volatility is mitigated, which we believe is evidenced by our stable Contribution margin historically. We use Contribution, which we define as net sales less changes in inventories and work in progress, costs of raw materials and supplies, foreign exchange differences on purchased goods, energy costs and freight and distribution costs, and the Contribution margin, which we define as Contribution as a percentage of net sales, as a measure of the development of our sales prices compared to our direct variable costs. In 2011, 2012 and 2013, our Contribution margin was 39.7%, 39.4% and 40.3%, respectively and our Contribution margin for the three months ended March 31, 2014 Contribution margin was 43.5%.
Highly skilled and experienced management team
We believe we have a strong management team, led by our Chief Executive Officer Tom Erixon and supported by our Chairman of the Board Finn Johnsson, who joined Ovako in 2011 and 2010, respectively. The other members of our senior management team, Marcus Hedblom, Anders Henström, Göran Nyström, Heikki Nyholm, Rickard Qvarfort, Mathias Tillman, Karin Lagerstedt Woolford and Carl-Michael Raihle, have an average of approximately 20 years of experience in steel and steel-related industries and an average of approximately 11 years experience with Ovako.
Our management has demonstrated an ability to manage our processes to efficiently create customized products specifically tailored to meet our customers' requirements. Our customers typically require their highly specialized products in relatively small volumes over many orders (average of 32 orders per customer per annum). These products are produced using more than 300 active feasible steel grades that can be formed into more than 10,000 variations of hot-rolled and forged shapes and several thousand combinations of value added services applied at finishing. With over 2,000 customers and an average volume of 300 tons per customer and an average of 108 thousand shipments per annum, we are set up to generate profits from small delivery volumes through an efficient and well managed production process. Management is currently in the process of implementing our 7P! program, which is a plan designed to further optimize growth, organization and processes.
5
Our strategy
