5
Our aim is to create a long-term attractive position in the steel market by becoming the European leader in engineering steel, continuously developing our product offering and strengthening our customer relationships. We intend to be the premier manufacturer and supplier of engineering steel in Europe and to continue establishing our international position in selected niche areas. We believe this will be achieved by organic growth in our existing and new geographical markets, and through the evaluation of acquisitions and investments from time to time. We aim to maintain a highly reputable brand and supply world-class products based on leading application development, metallurgical expertise and production technology. We intend to develop our existing strengths toward our objective of becoming the most customer-oriented supplier of engineering steel. In this regard, we intend to continue to adapt our production processes to our customers' value chains, while offering our quality service and reliable delivery. In order to achieve our strategic objectives, we are prioritizing three areas: growth, efficient processes and increased coordination and economies of scale within our group ("One Ovako").
Pursue growth though improving our products and expanding our geographic markets
We plan to maintain organic growth through improvements to our existing materials used in our current applications in order to gain market share through the performance advantage of our products. For example, we are developing new steel grades under the BQ-Steel product brand to better serve our bearing steel customers, including our first bearing manufacturer in China. We also plan to enter into new applications to offer an alternative to competitors' materials in such applications, as we have successfully done in past with our IQ-Steel product brand and its use in diesel injection systems. This growth would be further supported by the continued integration of our internal processes and our customers' value chains and processes. We also aim to expand our presence in new geographical markets, such as Eastern Europe, the United States and China and Asia, by initially leveraging our relationships with key customers to establish ourselves in these markets and then attracting new customers. Most of our customers in China and in Asia were originally customers in another region, most often the Nordic countries or Western Europe, but we recently also acquired new customers in China and in Asia. We recently were awarded our first orders from local Chinese manufacturers. Through all of this we intend to maintain pricing that appropriately reflects the value of our materials and services.
Continue to implement more efficient processes in terms of purchasing, production and use of capital
We intend to continue to focus our efficiency improvement efforts on purchasing, operational efficiency and capital efficiency. We successfully reduced our freight and other distribution costs in 2013, in part due to the impact of lower transportation costs in Eastern Europe as a result of renegotiated transportation agreements, which became effective in late 2013. We have been able to pool the volumes of the group through our reorganized centralized purchasing function to take advantage of decreasing freight rates. We intend to continue to review our purchasing contracts to improve our terms and supplier performance. We have recently launched lean manufacturing programs at two of our sites with the intention of expanding the programs throughout the Group. We intend to realize growth without increasing inventories through more effective production planning and higher supplier performance.
Pursue increased coordination, centralize certain operations to take advantage of economies of scale and improve our competencies
In recent years, we have focused on increasing coordination between our different facilities and developing shared capacity in order to increase efficiency and take advantage of economies of scale. For example, we have centralized our research and development, information technology, finance, sales, marketing, and purchasing functions. In addition, group functions have been
6
