In recent years, we have focused on increasing coordination between our different facilities and developing shared capacity in order to increase efficiency and take advantage of economies of scale. For example, we have centralized our research and development, information technology, finance, sales, marketing, and purchasing functions. In addition, group functions have been
improved, a common brand platform has been launched and a best-practice culture has been introduced, aimed at continuous development and improvement. We continue to seek to achieve a more flexible cost structure in order to be better equipped to respond to cyclical demand, while improving our functionality and competencies across all areas of our business, from purchasing to application development. We intend to continue to improve staff efficiency through removing redundancies and increasing competencies in certain key areas, particularly in the application development and research and development functions, to drive growth and pricing. Our customers typically require highly tailored products in relatively small volumes per order (9 tons per order on average). By providing special technical consultations to our customers and working closely with them to develop steel grades and product shapes that best suit their requirements, our customers become increasingly loyal to our products. Such products therefore typically have no standard market price and are difficult and costly to replace at short notice. We will also explore any options to further consolidate our current functions and operations to streamline our structure and improve efficiency.
Continue to implement our 7P! program
We are currently in the process of implementing our 7P! program which is aimed at improving profitability. Our 7P! program is how we plan to execute our strategies described above over the next three years. The main elements of our 7P! program are: (i) growth through our marketing plan for 2014; (ii) our pricing plan for 2014 targeting price increases; (iii) our new purchasing program; (iv) our functional improvement program targeting a net reduction in staff; (v) structural consolidation to reduce costs and increase efficiency; (vi) operational efficiency through cost down projects and continuous improvements to our processes; and (vii) capital efficiency by achieving growth without increasing our inventories.
Recent developments
We have agreed to join a group of French industrialists and investors in a bid for the assets of Ascometal, one of our key competitors based in France, which was placed in administration in March 2014. A decision by the court is expected before the end of May 2014. If the bid is successful, we will invest EUR 5 million for a minority equity stake of approximately 10% with no commitments to invest additional funds into Ascometal.
Our history
Our history is built on a legacy of strong Nordic steel production. The forerunners to Ovako were founded over 300 years ago, when manufacturing began in Hofors, Sweden in the 17th century, followed by Boxholm and Hällefors in the 18th century, and by Smedjebacken in 1856.
During the 20th century the business has been transformed several times, resulting in the privately owned Ovako of today. From the beginning of the 1960s, the forerunners to Ovako gradually redirected their focus from commercial steel to complex engineering steel products. This development required investments in research, product development and quality control. The mills in Smedjebacken, Hofors and Imatra became significant suppliers of steel for the automotive and engineering industries. In 1969, the Finnish companies Oy Vuoksenniska Ab and Oy Fiskars Ab combined their steel production in a new company, Ovako Oy. In 1986, the group Ovako Steel was founded through a merger between SKF Steel and Ovako Oy. Ovako Steel was then split up after a few years, and SKF became the sole owner of the Swedish part of Ovako Steel in 1991, keeping the name Ovako Steel.
