For the purposes of this indemnity, it will be sufficient for the Holder or the Trustee to certify that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase of Euro been made with the amount so received in that other currency on the date of receipt or recovery (or, if a purchase of Euro on such date had not been practicable, on the first date on which it would have been practicable). These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors, will give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder or the Trustee (other than a waiver of
the indemnities set out herein) and will continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect to any sum due under any Note, any Guarantee or any other judgment or order.
Concerning the trustee
The Issuer shall deliver written notice to the Trustee within thirty (30) days of becoming aware of the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default. The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions; however, if it acquires any conflicting interest in its capacity as Trustee it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign as Trustee.
The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee, subject to certain exceptions. The Indenture will provide that in case an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be required, in the exercise of its power, to use the degree of care of a prudent man in the conduct of his own affairs. Subject to such provisions, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request of any holder of Notes, unless such holder has offered to the Trustee security and indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense.
The Issuer and the Guarantors jointly and severally will indemnify the Trustee for certain claims, liabilities and expenses incurred without gross negligence, or willful misconduct, or bad faith on its part, arising out of or in connection with its duties.
Listing
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the Euro MTF Market. There can be no assurance that the application to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes on the Euro MTF Market will be approved and settlement of the Notes is not conditioned on obtaining this listing. The Issuer has initially designated The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. as its agent for those purposes.
Additional information
