Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the Euro MTF Market. There can be no assurance that the application to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes on the Euro MTF Market will be approved and settlement of the Notes is not conditioned on obtaining this listing. The Issuer has initially designated The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. as its agent for those purposes.
Anyone who receives this Offering Memorandum may, following the Issue Date, obtain a copy of the Indenture, the form of Note, the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement without charge by writing to the Issuer at Kungstradgardsgatan 10, Stockholm, Sweden.
So long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall so require, copies of the financial statements included in this offering memorandum may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the offices of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg.
Governing law
The Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Subject to certain exceptions, the Intercreditor Agreement will be governed by English law. The Security Documents will be governed by Swedish, Finnish and German law, as applicable, and any additional security documents may be governed by the applicable local laws of the jurisdiction under which the Liens over the Collateral are granted.
Consent to jurisdiction and service of process
The Indenture will provide that the Issuer and each Guarantor (other than any Guarantor incorporated in the United States) will appoint CT Corporation System, 111 Eighth Avenue,
187
13th floor, New York, New York 10011, as its agent for service of process in any suit, action or proceeding with respect to the Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees brought in any U.S. federal or New York state court located in the City of New York and will submit to such jurisdiction.
