Our history is built on a legacy of strong Nordic steel production. The forerunners to Ovako were founded over 300 years ago, when manufacturing began in Hofors, Sweden in the 17th century, followed by Boxholm and Hällefors in the 18th century, and by Smedjebacken in 1856.
In May 2005, Ovako was established by merging Fundia, Ovako Steel and Imatra Steel. The company was jointly owned by Rautaruukki, SKF and Wärtsilä, combining their long products steel businesses. In November 2006, Ovako was initially sold to Pampus Industrie Beteiligungen and a Dutch group of investors, with Pampus Stahlbeteiligungs acquiring sole ownership in November 2007.
7
In August 2010, private equity investor Triton acquired the bar, bright bar, tube and ring businesses of Ovako and formed the new Ovako AB, excluding the former wire division's operations.
Our principal shareholder
Founded in 1997, Triton is a leading private equity investment firm in the Nordic and German speaking regions with offices in Stockholm, Frankfurt, London, Shanghai, Jersey and Luxembourg. Its investment philosophy is focused around building better businesses based on operational improvement and "buy and build" value creation strategies. Triton, through its funds, has executed more than 40 investments since inception, and its current portfolio comprises 25 companies with combined sales of approximately EUR13.0 billion and over 55,000 employees. The management teams and businesses Triton partners with have to date completed more than 100 add-on acquisitions. Triton has approximately 100 investors entrusting capital of around EUR7.7 billion to five funds and seeks to invest in companies with strong long-term prospects in its core sectors of industrial manufacturing (54% of invested capital), business services (24% of invested capital) and consumer/health services (22% of invested capital). In 2013, Triton raised its fourth fund with EUR3.5 billion of commitments. Triton has significant experience in investing in global industrial companies, having invested in, among others, Alimak Hek, Aventics (former Bosch Rexroth Pneumatics), Battenfeld & Cincinnati, Befesa, Dematic, Dunkermotoren, Dywidag-Systems International, GCE, RMG, Stabilus and Wittur. Current Triton portfolio companies include Alpine Energie, Ambea, Compo, DSV Miljo, Europart, European Directories, Inflight Service, Infratek, Kahrs, Logstor, Nordic Tankers, OBH Nordica, Orion, Papyrus, Polygon, Suomen Lahikauppa and Talis.
8
Summary corporate and financing structure
The following diagram presents a simplified overview of our corporate and financing structure, giving effect to the Refinancing. For a summary of the debt obligations referenced in this diagram, please see "Description o f Notes" and "Description o f other indebtedness".
