Summary corporate and financing structure
Notes: (1) Management and certain directors indirectly through a management equity program, hold 7.19% of the shares in Oven
Luxco S.a r.l. (2) Triton Fund III, indirectly through certain investment vehicles, holds 84.07% of the shares in Oven Luxco S.a r.l. (3) Other investors, indirectly through investment vehicles controlled by Triton, hold 8.73% of the shares in Oven Luxco S.a r.l. (4) The entities in the "Restricted Group" will be subject to the covenants in the Indenture, the Revolving Credit Facility and the
Original Pension Insurance Line. (5) The Notes will be guaranteed by the Parent Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Subsidiary Guarantors are Ovako Sweden
AB, Ovako GmbH, Ovako Bright Bar AB, Ovako Bar AB, Triako Finco AB, Ovako Forsbacka AB, Ovako Finland Oy Ab and Ovako Imatra Oy Ab. The Guarantors accounted for 89.6% of the Group's total assets as of December 31, 2013 and 88.9% of net sales and 103.9% of the Group's EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2013, in each case, after intercompany eliminations. (6) On the Issue Date, Ovako AB will issue EUR300.0 million 6.500% Senior Secured Notes due 2019. (7) On or prior to the Issue Date, the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors, among others, will enter into the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement to provide for a revolving credit facility in an amount of EUR40.0 million. See "Description o f other indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility" for further information. It is expected that the Revolving Credit Facility will be undrawn on the Issue Date. We expect to roll over into the Revolving Credit Facility from our Senior Credit Facilities an overdraft facility for approximately EUR10 million and approximately EUR2.5 million in bank guarantees. Additionally, on or prior to the issuance of the Notes, the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors, among others, will enter into the Original Pension Insurance Line to provide for the issuance of a pension insurance guarantee on behalf of the Company in respect of certain pension liabilities of the Group. See "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations--Pension Insurance Line" for further information. (8) The Notes will be secured by first priority security interests over: (i) the share capital of the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, Ovako Cromax AB, Fastighetsaktiebolaget Synaren, and Aktiebolaget Hillboms Byggnads- och Transportfirma; (ii) certain existing Finnish bank accounts of Ovako Imatra Oy Ab; (iii) certain existing intercompany receivables of the Issuer (including but not limited to, the Proceeds Loans), the Parent, Ovako Bright Bar AB and Ovako Sweden AB; (iv) certain Swedish business mortgages over certain movable property in accordance with law and to the extent that the property is related to the business and located in Sweden, and receivables (not including cash, bank accounts, shares and other financial instruments intended for general trading, property which can be the subject of a pledge due to a specific charge or property which can neither be subject to a levy of execution nor included in a bankruptcy or insolvent liquidation) of (A) Ovako Sweden AB of up to SEK200 million and EUR60 million, (B) Ovako Forsbacka AB of up to SEK35 million, and (C) Ovako Bar AB of up to SEK200 million and EUR40 million; (v) pledge over accounts of Ovako GmbH; (vi) assignment of trade receivables, intercompany receivables and insurance claims of Ovako GmbH; (vii) security transfer of moveable assets (including trade on stock) of Ovako GmbH; (viii) floating charges over certain business assets of Ovako Finland Oy Ab and over certain business assets of Ovako Imatra Oy Ab; (ix) certain intellectual property rights owned by Ovako Sweden AB, Ovako Bar AB and Ovako Imatra Oy Ab; (x) certain real property in Sweden and Finland; and (xi) certain Swedish insurance receivables (collectively, the "Collateral"). (9) On the Issue Date, the Issuer, as lender, will make certain of the net proceeds of the Offering of the Notes available to each of Ovako Sweden AB, Ovako Bright Bar AB, Ovako Bar AB and Ovako Imatra Oy Ab, as respective borrowers, in order to enable such subsidiaries to repay outstanding amounts under the Senior Credit Facilities (the "Proceeds Loans"). The Proceeds Loans will be governed by Swedish law. Security will be granted over the Proceeds Loans and the Proceeds Loans will be part of the Collateral. See "Description o f Other Indebtedness--Proceeds Loans".
9
The offering
The summary below describes the principal terms o f the Notes. Certain o f the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. The "Description o f Notes" section o f this offering memorandum contains a more detailed description o f the terms and conditions o f the Notes, including the definitions o f certain terms used in this summary.
Issuer ....................... . . Ovako AB (pub!)
