Payments of interest
Foreign Currency Denominated Interest. The amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the euro received is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest payment denominated in euro in accordance with either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within each taxable year).
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within each taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS").
Upon receipt of the interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in euro, the accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (generally taxable as U.S.-source ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
Sale and retirement of the Notes
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis of the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will be its U.S. dollar cost (as defined below). The U.S. dollar cost of a Note purchased with euro generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase. The amount realised does not include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as
215
interest income to the extent not previously included in income. The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in euro will be the U.S. dollar value of this amount on the date of sale or retirement, or the settlement date for the sale, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, within the meaning of the applicable Treasury Regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects).
