215
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Note (i) on the date of sale or retirement and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any such exchange rate gain or loss (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest) will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or retirement. Except to the extent of changes in exchange rates, gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Note was held by the U.S. Holder for more than one year.
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. source. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers as to the foreign tax credit implications of the sale or retirement of Notes.
Disposition of foreign currency
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency that is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency (including its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) generally will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss.
Backup withholding and information reporting
Payments of principal and interest on, and the proceeds of sale, retirement or other disposition of Notes, by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding may apply to these payments if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or fails to report all interest and dividends required to be shown on its U.S. federal income tax returns. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining an exemption.
Reportable transactions
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose its participation to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations (U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other non-individual U.S. Holders), and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A penalty in the amount of U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in all other cases generally is imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules.
