Reportable transactions
216
Foreign financial asset reporting
U.S. taxpayers that own certain foreign financial assets, including debt of foreign entities, with an aggregate value in excess of $50,000 at the end of the taxable year or $75,000 at any time during the taxable year (or, for certain individuals living outside the United States and married individuals filing joint returns, certain higher thresholds) may be required to file an information report on IRS Form 8938 with respect to such assets with their tax returns. The Notes are expected to constitute foreign financial assets subject to these requirements unless the Notes are held in an account at a financial institution (in which case the account may be reportable if maintained by a foreign financial institution). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of the rules relating to foreign financial asset reporting.
Certain Swedish tax considerations
The following summary of certain tax considerations that may arise as a result of holding Notes is based on current Swedish tax legislation and is intended only as general information for Noteholders who are resident in Sweden for tax purposes, unless otherwise indicated. This description does not deal comprehensively with all tax consequences that may occur for Noteholders and is neither intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. For instance, it does not cover the specific rules where Notes are held by a partnership or as current assets in a business operation. Moreover, the description does not address situations where Notes are held in an investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto). Special tax consequences that are not described below may also apply for certain categories of taxpayers, including investment companies and mutual funds. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers for information with respect to the special tax consequences that may arise as a result of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes, including the applicability and effect of foreign income tax rules, provisions in double taxation treaties and other rules which may be applicable.
Taxation of individuals tax resident in Sweden
Capital gains a n d losses. Individuals who sell their Notes, or have their Notes redeemed or bought back, are subject to capital gains tax. The tax rate is 30%.
The capital gain or loss is calculated as the difference between the sales (or redemption) proceeds, after deduction of sales costs, and the Notes' acquisition cost for tax purposes. The acquisition cost is determined according to the "average method". This means that the acquisition value for all Notes of the same class and type shall be added together and computed collectively, with respect to changes to the holding.
