Capital gains a n d losses. Individuals who sell their Notes, or have their Notes redeemed or bought back, are subject to capital gains tax. The tax rate is 30%.
Gains or losses on currency exchange rate fluctuations may arise in relation to Notes where the sales proceeds received are in a foreign currency. However, no special calculations are required if the sales proceeds are exchanged into SEK within 30 days from the time of disposal. In such case, the exchange rate on the date of exchange shall be used when calculating the value of the sales proceeds. The exchange rate on the date of acquisition is generally used when determining the acquisition cost for tax purposes.
As a general rule, 70% of a capital loss is deductible against any other taxable income from capital. However, capital losses on listed Swedish receivables are fully deductible in the income from capital category. According to Swedish case law, full deductibility also applies to capital losses on listed foreign receivables.
If a net loss arises in the income from capital category, a reduction of the tax on income from employment and from business operations, as well as the tax on real estate and the municipal real estate fee, is allowed. The tax reduction is 30% of any part of the net loss not exceeding SEK100,000 and 21% of any part of the net loss in excess of SEK100,000. An excess net loss may not be carried forward to a subsequent fiscal year.
217
In terest. Any interest income received by an individual Noteholder is subject to Swedish tax at a tax rate of 30% in the income from capital category. Interest income is taxable when the income can be disposed of. W ith h oldin g o f tax on in te re st. The legal entity effecting an interest payment to an individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) will normally be required to withhold Swedish preliminary tax (Sw. p relim in a rska tt). The preliminary tax so withheld is normally equal to the final tax on the interest income, which means that there is generally no further tax payable on the interest.
Taxation of Swedish limited liability companies For limited liability companies (Sw. a ktieb o la g ), all income, including interest and capital gains on the Notes, is taxed as income from business operations at a rate of 22%. Deductible capital losses on the Notes may normally be fully off-set in the income from business operations category. Interest income and currency exchange fluctuations are normally taxable, or deductible, as the case may be, on an accrual basis. Specific rules may apply to Notes held as a hedge for foreign currency exposure.
Taxation of Noteholders that are not tax resident in Sweden Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a Noteholder are not subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder is not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and provided that such a holder does not have a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected. Under domestic tax rules, an individual is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes if he/she (i) is domiciled in Sweden; (ii) has its habitual abode in Sweden; or (iii) has been domiciled earlier in Sweden and, after having moved abroad, continues to have an essential connection with Sweden. A limited liability company is tax resident in Sweden if it is incorporated under the laws of Sweden. Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a non resident Noteholder. Noteholders of who are not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and who are not carrying on business operations from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are attributable are generally not liable for Swedish capital gains taxation on the disposal of Notes. The Noteholders may be subject to tax in their country of residence.
218
