Taxation of Noteholders that are not tax resident in Sweden Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a Noteholder are not subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder is not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and provided that such a holder does not have a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected. Under domestic tax rules, an individual is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes if he/she (i) is domiciled in Sweden; (ii) has its habitual abode in Sweden; or (iii) has been domiciled earlier in Sweden and, after having moved abroad, continues to have an essential connection with Sweden. A limited liability company is tax resident in Sweden if it is incorporated under the laws of Sweden. Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a non resident Noteholder. Noteholders of who are not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and who are not carrying on business operations from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are attributable are generally not liable for Swedish capital gains taxation on the disposal of Notes. The Noteholders may be subject to tax in their country of residence.
Certain insolvency law considerations and limitations on validity and enforceability of the guarantees and security interests
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Sweden, and the Guarantors are registered under the laws of Sweden, Finland and Germany.
European Union
Pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (the "EU Insolvency Regulation"), the court that shall have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings in relation to a company in the court of the EU Member State (other than Denmark) where the company concerned has its "centre of main interest" (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation). The determination of where any such company has its "centre of main interest" is a question of fact on which the courts of the different EU Member States may have differing and even conflicting views.
The term "centre of main interest" is not a static concept. Although there is a rebuttable presumption under Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation that any such company has its "centre of main interests" in the EU Member State in which it has its registered office, Preamble 13 of the EU Insolvency Regulation states that the "centre of main interest" of a debtor should correspond to the place where the debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third parties. In that respect, factors such as where board meetings are held, the location where the company conducts the majority of its business and the perception of the company's creditors as regards the centre of the company's business operations may all be relevant in the determination of the place where the company has its "centre of main interest."
If the "centre of main interest" of a company is and will remain located in the state in which it has its registered office, the main insolvency proceedings with respect to the company under the EU Insolvency Regulation would be commenced in such jurisdiction and accordingly a court in such jurisdiction would be entitled to commence the types of insolvency proceedings referred to in Annex A to the EU Insolvency Regulation. Insolvency proceedings opened in one EU Member State under the EU Insolvency Regulation are to be recognized in the other EU Member States (other than Denmark), although secondary proceedings may be opened in another EU Member State. If the "centre of main interest" of a debtor is in one EU Member State (other than Denmark), under Article 3(2) of the EU Insolvency Regulation, the courts of another EU Member State (other than Denmark) have jurisdiction to open "territorial proceedings" only in the event that such debtor has an "establishment" in the territory of such other EU Member State. An "establishment" is defined to mean a place of operations where the company carries on non transitory economic activity with human means and goods. The effects of those territorial proceedings are restricted to the assets of the debtor situated in the territory of such other EU Member State. Where main proceedings have been opened in the EU Member State in which the company has its center of main interests, any proceedings opened subsequently in another EU Member State in which the company has an "establishment" (secondary proceedings) are limited to "winding up proceedings" listed in Annex B of the EU Insolvency Regulation.
Where main proceedings in the EU Member State in which the company has its "center of main interests" have not yet been opened, territorial insolvency proceedings can only be opened in another EU Member State where the company has an establishment if either (a) insolvency proceedings cannot be opened in the EU Member State in which the company's "center of main interests" is situated under that EU Member State's law; or (b) the territorial insolvency proceedings are opened at the request of a creditor which is domiciled, habitually resident or has its registered office in the other EU Member State or whose claim arises from the operation of the "establishment".
219
