Where main proceedings in the EU Member State in which the company has its "center of main interests" have not yet been opened, territorial insolvency proceedings can only be opened in another EU Member State where the company has an establishment if either (a) insolvency proceedings cannot be opened in the EU Member State in which the company's "center of main interests" is situated under that EU Member State's law; or (b) the territorial insolvency proceedings are opened at the request of a creditor which is domiciled, habitually resident or has its registered office in the other EU Member State or whose claim arises from the operation of the "establishment".
If the company does not have an establishment in any other EU Member State, no court of any other EU Member State has jurisdiction to open territorial proceedings with respect to such company under the EU Insolvency Regulation.
The courts of all EU Member States (other than Denmark) must give to the judgment of the court of the main proceedings the same effect in all EU Member States so long as no secondary proceedings have been opened there. The liquidator appointed by a court in a EU Member State which has jurisdiction to open main proceedings (because the company's "center of main interests" is there) may exercise the powers conferred on him by the law of that EU Member State in another EU Member State (such as to remove assets of the company from that other EU Member State) subject to certain limitations so long as no insolvency proceedings have been opened in that other EU Member State or any preservation measure taken to the contrary further to a request to open insolvency proceedings in that other EU Member State where the company has assets.
Any EU Member State may refuse to recognize insolvency proceedings opened in another EU Member State or to enforce a judgment handed down in the context of such proceedings where the effects of such recognition or enforcement would be manifestly contrary to that State's public policy, in particular its fundamental principles or the constitutional rights and liberties of the individual.
In the event that the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries experience financial difficulty, it is not possible to predict with certainty in which jurisdiction or jurisdictions insolvency or similar proceedings would be commenced or the outcome of such proceedings. Applicable insolvency laws may affect the enforceability of the obligations of the Issuer.
Sweden
Applicable insolvency law
The Issuer and the Swedish guarantors are incorporated under the laws of Sweden and as such any insolvency proceedings applicable to the Issuer and the Swedish guarantor including any and all of its assets (in Sweden and abroad) will, as a matter of Swedish law, be governed by Swedish insolvency law (Sw. le x fo ri concursus).
In addition, a Swedish party will in principle be subject to insolvency proceedings covered by the Council Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000 of May 29, 2000 on insolvency proceedings (the "Insolvency Regulation") (which includes all collective insolvency proceedings available under Swedish law in respect of bodies corporate) if it has its center of main interest ("COMI") in Sweden. The COMI is presumed, in the case of a company or body corporate, to be the place of its registered office. Accordingly, if the Swedish party is registered in Sweden, Swedish courts will be entitled to open main insolvency proceedings against it and apply the laws of the relevant insolvency proceedings. If the COMI of a debtor is in a Member State (other than Denmark), under Article 3(2) of the Insolvency Regulation, the courts of another Member State (other than Denmark) may open "territorial insolvency proceedings" or, after the commencement of main proceedings, "secondary insolvency proceedings," in the event that such debtor possesses an "establishment" in the territory of such other Member State.
