The Issuer and the Swedish guarantors are incorporated under the laws of Sweden and as such any insolvency proceedings applicable to the Issuer and the Swedish guarantor including any and all of its assets (in Sweden and abroad) will, as a matter of Swedish law, be governed by Swedish insolvency law (Sw. le x fo ri concursus).
Under Swedish law, a debtor company may be subject to two types of insolvency proceedings: bankruptcy pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. K onku rslag (1987:672)), as amended (the "Swedish Bankruptcy Act"), and reorganization pursuant to the Swedish Company Reorganization Act (Sw. Lag (1996:764) om fo re ta g srek o n stru k tio n ), as amended (the "Swedish Reorganisation Act").
Bankruptcy pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act
G eneral. Pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act, if a company is unable to pay its debts when they fall due and such inability is not merely temporary, it is deemed insolvent and can be declared bankrupt following a bankruptcy petition filed with the court by the debtor or by a creditor of the debtor (who does not have satisfactory security for its claim).
220
In the event of bankruptcy the court will appoint a receiver in bankruptcy (Sw. ko n ku rsfö rva lta re) who will work in the interest of all creditors with the objective of selling the debtor's assets and distributing the proceeds among the creditors.
The purpose of bankruptcy proceedings are to wind up the company in such a way that the company's creditors receive as high a proportion of their claims as possible. The receiver in bankruptcy is required to safeguard the assets and can decide to continue the business for a certain period or to close it down, depending on what the receiver considers best for all creditors. In general, the receiver in bankruptcy is required to sell the assets of the debtor as soon as possible and to distribute the proceeds in accordance with the mandatory priority rules. In the interim, the receiver will take over the management and control of the company. The company's directors and/or managing director will no longer be entitled to represent the company or dispose of the company's assets. A creditor having security over a real property or a movable asset may demand that such asset be sold by the receiver without undue delay, provided the underlying claim is not disputed or has been confirmed in a non-appealable decision. This rule does not, however, apply to property that is necessary for the continuation of the debtor's business. The receiver may thus postpone such sale if the receiver determines that the bankruptcy estate would either incur a considerable loss or that the implementation of a composition would become substantially more difficult, provided that a postponement is not unreasonable to the creditor. Enforcement of security in a bankruptcy is further described under the section titled "--Enforcement of security in bankruptcy" below.
E ffe c t o f b a n kru p tcy on th e b a n kru p tcy d e b to r's contracts. The declaration of bankruptcy does not automatically terminate existing contracts; instead, the receiver may, in relation to certain contracts, in its discretion choose to have the bankruptcy estate itself become party to any such existing contracts. A clause in such a contract which provides that the contract is terminated by reason of a bankruptcy petition or similar proceeding is likely to be deemed unenforceable. If the estate enters into such a contract and performance by the creditor is due, the creditor may generally demand that the estate perform its obligations as well or, if a grace period has been granted, request that the estate, without unreasonable delay, provide acceptable security for its performance. If performance by the creditor is not due, the creditor may request security where this is necessary in order to protect the creditor against loss. If the estate does not enter into the contract within a reasonable time after the creditor's demand or if it does not comply with the creditor's request to provide security, the creditor may terminate the contract.
O rd er o f p rio ritie s. When distributing the proceeds, the receiver must follow the mandatory provisions of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. Förm ånsrättslag (1970:979)), as amended (the "Swedish Rights of Priority Act"), which states the order in which creditors have a right to be paid. As a general principle, in bankruptcy proceedings competing claims have equal right to payment in relation to the size of the amount claimed from the debtor's assets. However, preferential or secured creditors have the benefit of payment before other creditors. Moreover, the priority of a claim could also be affected if it is subordinated, for instance, if the creditor has entered into an agreement stipulating such subordination.
