E ffe c t o f b a n kru p tcy on th e b a n kru p tcy d e b to r's contracts. The declaration of bankruptcy does not automatically terminate existing contracts; instead, the receiver may, in relation to certain contracts, in its discretion choose to have the bankruptcy estate itself become party to any such existing contracts. A clause in such a contract which provides that the contract is terminated by reason of a bankruptcy petition or similar proceeding is likely to be deemed unenforceable. If the estate enters into such a contract and performance by the creditor is due, the creditor may generally demand that the estate perform its obligations as well or, if a grace period has been granted, request that the estate, without unreasonable delay, provide acceptable security for its performance. If performance by the creditor is not due, the creditor may request security where this is necessary in order to protect the creditor against loss. If the estate does not enter into the contract within a reasonable time after the creditor's demand or if it does not comply with the creditor's request to provide security, the creditor may terminate the contract.
There are two types of preferential rights: specific and general preferential rights. Specific preferential rights apply to certain specific property and give the creditor a right to payment from such property. General preferential rights cover all property belonging to the insolvent company's estate in bankruptcy, which is not covered by specific preferential rights, and give the creditor a right to payment derived from such property. Claims that do not carry any of the above mentioned preferential rights or exceed the value of the security provided for such claim (to the extent of such excess), are non-preferential and are of equal standing as against each other.
Reorganization of a company pursuant to the Swedish Reorganization Act
G eneral. The Swedish Reorganization Act provides companies facing difficulty in meeting their payment obligations with an opportunity to resolve these obligations without being declared
221
bankrupt. The debtor or a creditor of a debtor may petition for company reorganization. If a creditor petitions for company reorganization the debtor's consent to the reorganization is required. Prerequisites for an approval of a petition for company reorganization is that it can be assumed that the debtor is unable to pay its due debts or such inability will occur shortly and there is a possibility that the reorganization will be successful in resolving the company's financial difficulties. Corporate reorganization proceedings shall, as a main rule, terminate within three months from commencement but may under certain conditions be extended for up to one year.
A d m in istra to r. An administrator is appointed by the court and supervises the day-to-day activities of the debtor in order to accomplice the reorganization and safeguards the interests of creditors. However, the debtor remains in full possession of the business except that, for important decisions such as (i) paying a debt or granting security for a debt that arose prior to the order of reorganization, (ii) assume new obligations or (iii) transferring, pledging or granting rights in respect of assets of significant importance to the business, the consent of the administrator is required. However, the absence of such consent does not affect the validity of the transaction.
R eo rg a n iza tion p la n , cre d ito rs' m ee tin g a n d cre d ito rs' co m m ittee. Upon opening of corporate reorganization proceedings, the administrator must notify the creditors of the reorganization proceedings and will draw up a reorganization plan specifying the proposed action to be taken to resolve the debtor's financial difficulties. A creditors' meeting will be held at which the creditors will be given the opportunity to express their opinions as to whether the reorganization should continue. Upon the request of any of the creditors, the court shall appoint a creditors' committee. The administrator shall, if possible, consult with the creditors' committee prior to taking any important decisions.
M o rato riu m . The corporate reorganization proceedings do not have the effect of terminating contracts with the debtor. Furthermore, the opening of corporate reorganization proceedings entails limitations on the contracting party's right to terminate a contract due to the debtor's delay. Such limitations are similar to what is stated above in respect of a bankruptcy estate's right to enter into existing contracts. However, the limitations are not applicable where a creditor has security over, inter alia, financial instruments or receivables originating from a loan granted by a credit institution. During the reorganization procedure, the debtor's business activities continue in the ordinary course of business. However, the procedure includes a suspension of payments to creditors and any petition for bankruptcy in respect of the debtor will subject to certain exceptions be stayed. Moreover, the debtor may not pay a debt that fell due prior to the order without the consent of the administrator. Such consent may only be granted should there be exceptional reasons for doing so. A moratorium also applies to execution in respect of a claim or enforcement of security during corporate reorganization proceedings unless the security assets are in the physical possession of the secured creditor or any agent acting on behalf of such creditor, which is for example the case with a share pledge over the shares in a Swedish limited liability company where the share certificates of such company have been physically delivered to the secured creditor or the agent.
