R eo rg a n iza tion p la n , cre d ito rs' m ee tin g a n d cre d ito rs' co m m ittee. Upon opening of corporate reorganization proceedings, the administrator must notify the creditors of the reorganization proceedings and will draw up a reorganization plan specifying the proposed action to be taken to resolve the debtor's financial difficulties. A creditors' meeting will be held at which the creditors will be given the opportunity to express their opinions as to whether the reorganization should continue. Upon the request of any of the creditors, the court shall appoint a creditors' committee. The administrator shall, if possible, consult with the creditors' committee prior to taking any important decisions.
Public com position proceedings. A debtor may apply to the court requesting public composition proceedings (Sw. o ffen tlig ta cko rd ), which means that the amount of a creditor's claim may be reduced. The proposal for a public composition must meet certain requirements, such as that a sufficient proportion of the creditors which are allowed to vote, in respect of a sufficient proportion of the outstanding claims vote in favor of such public composition. Creditors with set-off rights and secured creditors will not participate in the composition unless they wholly or partly waive their set off rights or priority rights. Should the security not cover a secured creditor's full claim, the remaining claim will, however, be part of the composition. A specific creditors' meeting is convened to vote on the proposed composition. The public composition is binding on all creditors that were entitled to participate, i.e., also creditors who have not attended the creditors' meeting will be bound. The obligations of a guarantor under a guarantee provided in respect of a creditor's claim which has been reduced by way of public composition will not be reduced correspondingly but will remain valid up to the original amount of such creditor's claim.
222
Liquidation due to capital deficiency
Pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. A k tieb o la g sla g (2005:551)), as amended (the "Swedish Companies Act"), whenever a company's board of directors has a reason to assume that, as a result of losses or reductions in the value of the company's assets or any other event, the company's equity is less than half the registered share capital, the company's board of directors shall prepare a special balance sheet (Sw. kon trollbalansrakn in g) and have the auditors examine it. The same obligation arises if the company in connection with enforcement pursuant to Chapter 4 of the Swedish Enforcement Code (Sw. U tsokn in gsbalk (1981:774)) is found to lack sizable assets. If the special balance sheet shows that the equity of such company is less than half of the registered share capital, the board of directors shall, as soon as possible, issue notice to call a shareholders' meeting which shall consider whether the company shall go into liquidation (initial shareholders' meeting). The special balance sheet and an auditor's report with respect thereto shall be presented at the initial shareholders' meeting.
If the special balance sheet presented at the initial shareholders' meeting fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, the equity of the company amounts to the registered share capital and the initial shareholders' meeting has not resolved that the company shall go into liquidation, the shareholders' meeting shall, within eight months of the initial shareholders' meeting, reconsider the issue whether the company shall go into liquidation (second shareholders' meeting). Prior to the second shareholders' meeting, the board of directors shall prepare a new special balance sheet and cause such to be reviewed by the company's auditors. The new special balance sheet and an auditor's report thereon shall be presented at the second shareholders' meeting. A shareholders' resolution on liquidation of the company shall be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. B o la g sverket), which shall appoint a liquidator. Should the shareholders not resolve on such voluntary liquidation where required (which are where (i) a second shareholders' meeting is not held within the period of time stated above, or (ii) the new special balance sheet which was presented at the second shareholders' meeting was not reviewed by the company's auditor or fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, the equity of the company amounts to at least the registered share capital), the court may put the company into compulsory liquidation and appoint a liquidator. The liquidator takes over management and control of the company and shall sell the company's assets and settle the company's debts with the proceeds. The liquidator shall give notice to the company's unknown creditors and creditors that have not lodged their claims with the liquidator within six months following such notice will have forfeited their rights to their claims.
Limitations on the validity and value of a guarantee or security interest
Certain provisions of the Swedish Companies Act may limit the holders of the Notes right to payment from Guarantors incorporated in Sweden. The Guarantees of and security granted by such Guarantors are limited in accordance with the below restrictions relating to corporate benefit and are subject to limitation language limiting the liability of such entities thereunder if required by the below restrictions relating to distribution of assets.
P ro h ib ited loans and secu rity. A Swedish limited liability company may not provide a guarantee or a pledge for the obligations of another company, unless they belong to the same group of companies and the parent company of that group is domiciled within the European Economic Area (EEA).
