Certain provisions of the Swedish Companies Act may limit the holders of the Notes right to payment from Guarantors incorporated in Sweden. The Guarantees of and security granted by such Guarantors are limited in accordance with the below restrictions relating to corporate benefit and are subject to limitation language limiting the liability of such entities thereunder if required by the below restrictions relating to distribution of assets.
C orporate b e n e fit rules. Furthermore, if a Swedish limited liability company provides any security interest or guarantee for the obligations of another party without receiving sufficient corporate benefit in return, such security interest or guarantee will, in whole or in part, be considered a distribution of assets, which will be lawful only (i) to the extent there is sufficient coverage for the restricted equity capital of the Swedish limited liability company after the distribution (i.e., at the time the guarantee is provided or the security is granted) and (ii) if it is considered prudent by the Swedish limited liability company to undertake such distribution after having taken into
223
consideration the equity requirements imposed by the nature, scope and risks relating to the Swedish limited liability company's business or the Swedish limited liability company's need to strengthen its balance sheet, liquidity or financial position in general. Where the Swedish limited liability company is a parent company, the latter assessment is also made on a group level. A guarantee or security granted for a another party's obligation may also, in certain circumstances, be deemed to constitute a distribution of assets if, at the time the guarantee or security interest is provided, the obligor of such obligation could be deemed unable to fulfill its obligation to indemnify the Swedish limited liability company if the guarantee is utilized, the security is enforced or if the security provider does not otherwise receive corporate benefit.
Financial assistance. It should also be noted that laws relating to financial assistance in Sweden prohibit limited liability companies incorporated in Sweden from providing guarantees or granting security or other credit support for obligations of any person where such obligations are being incurred for the purpose of acquiring shares in the company itself or in any other superior member of the same group of companies and the parent company of that group is domiciled in Sweden.
Establishing a security interest
G eneral. In order to create a valid security interest under Swedish law, the asset subject to such security interest must meet the following criteria: (a) there must be an underlying debtorcreditor relationship in respect of the obligations which the security purports to secure; (b) the pledgor must grant the security interest, typically in the form of a pledge agreement; and (c) an act perfecting the security interest must take place. The method for perfection varies depending on the asset type.
Under Swedish law, in addition to certain actions that must be taken to perfect a security interest by the secured party and the grantor, for any security to be validly created, the grantor must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the assets subject to the security interest. Any security interests purported to be created under Swedish law over assets which the security provider may remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate or collect, invest and dispose of any income from until the occurrence of an enforcement event would therefore not be effective until an enforcement event has occurred and the security interests have been perfected. Normally, a three month hardening period will apply following such delayed perfection. Such unperfected secured assets are vulnerable under applicable provisions of Swedish law of being set aside as a preference in any Swedish insolvency proceedings affecting the security provider. This will be the case for example for dividends pledged as Collateral under Security Documents governed by Swedish law to secure the Notes. Such security interests will not be perfected at the Issue Date, and not until an enforcement event occurs. Thus, a security provider must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the secured assets, and arrangements providing for the release of a security interest over an asset in connection with the disposal thereof or upon the occurrence of other circumstances would be at risk of impairing the validity of the security.
Shares. In the case of shares, the perfection of the pledge is achieved by transferring the share certificates in Sweden to the possession of the secured party in respect of a private limited liability company or a public limited liability company which is a coupon company (Sw. ku p o n g b o la g ). The secured party is not entitled to vote for the shares but is, absent agreement to the contrary, entitled to any bonus shares and any new shares issued in rights issues. Unless the secured party and the pledgor agree otherwise, the pledgor is entitled to all dividends until the bankruptcy date. The right to future dividends can however be pledged to the secured party or to a third party.
