Under Swedish law, in addition to certain actions that must be taken to perfect a security interest by the secured party and the grantor, for any security to be validly created, the grantor must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the assets subject to the security interest. Any security interests purported to be created under Swedish law over assets which the security provider may remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate or collect, invest and dispose of any income from until the occurrence of an enforcement event would therefore not be effective until an enforcement event has occurred and the security interests have been perfected. Normally, a three month hardening period will apply following such delayed perfection. Such unperfected secured assets are vulnerable under applicable provisions of Swedish law of being set aside as a preference in any Swedish insolvency proceedings affecting the security provider. This will be the case for example for dividends pledged as Collateral under Security Documents governed by Swedish law to secure the Notes. Such security interests will not be perfected at the Issue Date, and not until an enforcement event occurs. Thus, a security provider must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the secured assets, and arrangements providing for the release of a security interest over an asset in connection with the disposal thereof or upon the occurrence of other circumstances would be at risk of impairing the validity of the security.
Claims in g en era l. Pledges can also be granted and perfected in receivables and other claims (including dividends). Security over receivables and claims is perfected by way of notification to the debtor of the underlying claim. There is no requirement as to the form for such notification. However, in order to obtain the intended result, the pledgor or the secured party should state that the claim has been pledged to the secured party and the notice must also effectively
224
prohibit the debtor of the underlying claim from paying the pledgor. The intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and dividends pledged as Collateral under Security Documents governed by Swedish law to secure the Notes will not be perfected on the Issue Date, and will not be perfected until an enforcement event. For dividends security is perfected by way of notification to the company that dividends may not be paid to the pledgor.
Business m o rtg a g es a n d real p ro p e rty m o rtg a ges. In the case of Swedish business mortgages and real property mortgages, the perfection of the pledge is achieved by transferring the Swedish business mortgage certificates and real property mortgage certificates to the possession of the secured party.
Patents and tradem arks. In the case of patents and trademarks, the perfection of the pledge over Swedish patents and trademarks is achieved by register the pledge agreement with the Patent and Registration Office (Sw: Patent- och R eg istrerin g sverket) or in case of Community Trademarks) register the pledge agreement with the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market ("O H IM ").
Pre-bankruptcy enforcement
G eneral. In case of enforcement outside bankruptcy, an enforcement process is initiated by the creditor obtaining an enforcement order from the Swedish Enforcement Authority (Sw. K ro n o fo g d e n ) or a court judgment. Upon obtaining such enforceable instrument against a debtor, a creditor may apply to the Swedish Enforcement Authority for enforcement of its claim.
If (i) agreed upon between a pledgor and a secured party and (ii) the secured creditor or its agent is in physical possession of the security assets, the secured creditor or the agent may under certain circumstances enforce the pledge without having obtained an enforceable instrument. Certain categories of properties may however only be enforced through the Swedish Enforcement Authority (such as business mortgages and real property). Enforcement of security over shares, receivables, patents, trademarks and contractual rights can be carried out by the security holder itself. A provision granting the secured party or its agent such right of enforcement is typically included in any pledge agreement between the pledgor and the secured party or its agent. However, the secured party has a general duty of care (Sw. vårdplikt) towards the pledgor which implies, inter alia, that a fair market value should be obtained if the pledged asset is enforced and that the pledgor should be given prior notice (where reasonably practicable and not detrimental to the interests of the secured party) of the contemplated enforcement.
