G eneral. In case of enforcement outside bankruptcy, an enforcement process is initiated by the creditor obtaining an enforcement order from the Swedish Enforcement Authority (Sw. K ro n o fo g d e n ) or a court judgment. Upon obtaining such enforceable instrument against a debtor, a creditor may apply to the Swedish Enforcement Authority for enforcement of its claim.
E n fo rce m e n t o f secu rity th rou g h sale. The secured party is typically entitled to enforce the security through a sale of the security asset. However, certain restrictions apply to the procedure for such a sale. The pledgor must be given prior notice of the contemplated enforcement and also of the time and location of the sale. Furthermore, sufficient notice must be given to prospective purchasers in order to create reasonable preconditions for a market price being obtained in the sale. Where the secured party has been granted the right to enforce the security through a private sale, such sale must be made to a party unaffiliated with the secured party unless the market price of the security can be independently and objectively established and the security is sold at such price. If the security involves bearer documents (for example share certificates) the bearer documents may have to be presented in Sweden.
Enforcement of security through collection of payment. Pledges over receivables and other claims are, if the receivable or claim has fallen due, primarily enforced through the secured party collecting the payment as opposed to selling the receivable.
Enforcement of security in bankruptcy
An enforcement in bankruptcy of a security interest in assets other than real property and business mortgages can in principle be carried out in the same manner as outside bankruptcy. However, where a security holder seeks to enforce such security itself, certain statutory notice requirements apply. A creditor holding a possessory pledge over moveable property may arrange
225
for the sale of the property at a public auction (but not sell the property privately unless the receiver consents). However, financial instruments and currency are exempt from the requirement for the receiver's consent. The secured party may either sell such assets immediately or assume ownership (against reduction of the secured debt with the market value of such assets or, if the market value of the assets exceeds the outstanding debt, against repayment to the debtor of the surplus), provided the realization is done in a commercially reasonable manner. Should the security consist of unlisted shares in the subsidiary of the debtor, the receiver must still be given an opportunity to redeem the shares prior to the sale or deduction.
Lim itatio n s on e n fo rc e a b ility o f claim s (in clu din g d ivid en d s) o f Sw ed ish g u a ra n tors. The security over intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and dividends under Security Documents governed by Swedish law will be perfected at a later stage, which will increase the risk for recovery in an insolvency. In particular, under the Swedish Bankruptcy Act, in a bankruptcy or in a company reconstruction where a composition among creditors has been approved by the court, any security granted may be recovered if (a) it was not provided for at the time the debt it secured arose or if it was not perfected without delay following the coming into existence of such debt, unless in the circumstances it was nevertheless ordinary, and (b) it was granted later than three months before the "relevant date" (broadly, the date when the petition for bankruptcy or company reconstruction was lodged). Such security may also be recovered if provided to a related party earlier than three months but later than two years before the relevant date, unless it can be shown that the debtor was not insolvent at the time of the action and did not become insolvent as a result of it. The security over intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and dividends will only be perfected at a later stage and will therefore be subject to the additional risk of recovery in a subsequent bankruptcy.
Recovery in bankruptcy and in reorganization
