Lim itatio n s on e n fo rc e a b ility o f claim s (in clu din g d ivid en d s) o f Sw ed ish g u a ra n tors. The security over intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and dividends under Security Documents governed by Swedish law will be perfected at a later stage, which will increase the risk for recovery in an insolvency. In particular, under the Swedish Bankruptcy Act, in a bankruptcy or in a company reconstruction where a composition among creditors has been approved by the court, any security granted may be recovered if (a) it was not provided for at the time the debt it secured arose or if it was not perfected without delay following the coming into existence of such debt, unless in the circumstances it was nevertheless ordinary, and (b) it was granted later than three months before the "relevant date" (broadly, the date when the petition for bankruptcy or company reconstruction was lodged). Such security may also be recovered if provided to a related party earlier than three months but later than two years before the relevant date, unless it can be shown that the debtor was not insolvent at the time of the action and did not become insolvent as a result of it. The security over intra-group receivables (granted by each of the Issuer, Ovako Sweden AB and Ovako Bright Bar AB) and dividends will only be perfected at a later stage and will therefore be subject to the additional risk of recovery in a subsequent bankruptcy.
In bankruptcy and--if certain conditions are met--company reorganization proceedings, transactions can (in certain circumstances and subject to a time limit) be reversed and the assets shall then be returned to the bankruptcy estate or the company subject to company reorganization. Broadly, these transactions include, among others and subject to further prerequisites, situations where the debtor has (a) conveyed property fraudulently or preferentially to one creditor to the detriment of its other creditors; (b) created a new security interest, granted a guarantee or security that was either not stipulated at the time when the secured obligation arose or not perfected without delay after such time and the delay is not considered to be ordinary; or (c) paid a debt that is not due or that is considerable compared to the value of the debtor's assets or if the payment is made by using unusual means of payment. In the majority of situations, a claim for recovery can be made concerning actions that were made during the three months preceding the commencement of the relevant insolvency proceedings. In certain situations longer time limits apply and in others, there are no time limits. These include, among others, situations where the other party to an agreement or other arrangement is deemed to be a closely related party to the debtor, such as a subsidiary or parent company.
Foreign currency. Whereas Swedish courts may award judgments in currencies other than SEK, judgments will be enforced in Swedish Kronor, generally at the rate of exchange prevailing at the date of enforcement rather than at the date of judgment.
Secu rity g ra n ted in fa vo r o f an a g en t. It is generally possible under Swedish law to grant security interests in favor of an agent acting on behalf of the secured parties. However, it is not established by judicial precedent or otherwise by law that a power of attorney or a mandate of agency, including the appointment of an agent (including any agent for service of process), can be made irrevocable. Therefore, any powers of attorney or mandates of agency may be revoked and will terminate by operation of law and without notice at the bankruptcy or temporal demise of the party giving such powers.
226
Finland
There are two primary insolvency regimes under Finnish law. The first, company restructuring (Fi. yrityssaneeraus), is intended to investigate whether the business has a reasonable chance to continue and, if so, to rehabilitate the company's viable business, ensure its continued viability and make arrangements with creditors. The second, bankruptcy (Fi. konkurssi), is primarily designed to liquidate and distribute the assets of a debtor to its creditors.
Company restructuring
If a company is insolvent or is at risk of becoming insolvent, and it is likely that a company restructuring may remedy the insolvency or prevent its recurrence otherwise than for a short period, an application for company restructuring can be made to a court by the debtor or by one or more creditors. Furthermore, the initiation of restructuring proceedings is possible--in theory, irrespective of the company's solvency situation--when at least two creditors whose total claims represent at least one-fifth of the debtor's known debts and who are not related to the debtor file a joint application with the debtor or declare that they support the debtor's application for company restructuring. If there are no specific legal barriers to company restructuring and, consequently, the court approves the application and initiates restructuring proceedings, the court will simultaneously appoint an administrator (Fi. selvittaja).
