227
(v) prepare a proposal for the restructuring program; and
(vi) manage the restructuring proceedings pursuant to the Finnish Company Restructuring Act (Fi. Laki yrityksen san eerauksesta) (47/1993, as amended).
The administrator has a duty to perform his functions with regard to the interests of the creditors as a whole as well as with regard to the interests of the company. The administrator has a general duty of care and shall act fairly and honorably whilst in office.
All existing debts and claims against the company are suspended as of the commencement of the company restructuring. The suspension as a main rule prohibits the enforcement and placing of security, the repayment and enforcement of the restructuring debts (although debts arising after filing for company restructuring may be both repaid and enforced) and the seizure of assets. Restructuring debt, by definition, refers to all debt that has arisen prior to filing for restructuring, irrespective of when this debt falls due. The suspensions are in force until a restructuring program has been confirmed by the district court or the proceedings have been dismissed. Once the company restructuring program has been confirmed by the court, the company may pay the restructuring debts only in accordance with the program. All agreements entered into by the debtor remain in force and may not be terminated by a creditor, with certain exceptions. The administrator has the right to end certain agreement upon initiation of the restructuring proceedings.
Creditors with equal ranking have an equal standing in the arrangements of the restructuring debts within the restructuring program. Subject to certain restrictions set forth in the Finnish Company Restructuring Act (Fi. Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta) (47/1993), the following measures may be taken with respect to unsecured debts in the restructuring program: (i) change the repayment schedule; (ii) order that debt payments be considered as payments against principal first, and as payments of interest and other credit costs only second; (iii) reduce the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of a debt; and (iv) reduce the outstanding principal balance of unpaid debt. The restructuring program may also include the full or partial refinancing of debt. Consequently, the restructuring procedure could result in holders of the Notes receiving a right to recover considerably less than they would otherwise be entitled to recover under the Guarantee. It is to be noted, however, that the restructuring may not lead to a worse outcome for the creditors than the bankruptcy of the debtor.
Secured debt means restructuring debt where the creditor holds an effective (against third parties) security interest to property that belongs to or is in the possession of the debtor, insofar as the value of the security at the commencement of the proceedings would have been enough to cover the amount of the creditor's claim after the deduction of liquidation costs and claims with a higher priority, i.e. the amount of the creditor's claim exceeding the value of the security does not qualify as secured debt but, instead, will constitute unsecured debt and may, thus be subject to the measures described above. Regarding floating charges (Fi. yrityskiin n itys), only 50% of the value of the charged assets will be considered as secured debt.
The administrator determines the value of the security. The part of the debt for which the value of the security is insufficient is considered unsecured debt, and may thus be restructured as unsecured debt (e.g. haircut). Should the security be deemed worthless or the standing of the creditor sufficiently junior in relation to other creditors with the same security, the debt may be even considered unsecured in its entirety.
The following debt arrangements may be applied to secured debt: (i) change the repayment schedule; (ii) order that debt payments be applied as payments against principal first and as payments of interest and other credit costs second; or (iii) reduce the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of the debt. Even if the debt arrangement does not affect the existence or content of a creditor's security interest, the security arrangements relating to the debt may be altered by replacing the security with other fully adequate security. Payments on a secured debt shall be determined so that at least the present value of the secured debt will be repaid
