The administrator determines the value of the security. The part of the debt for which the value of the security is insufficient is considered unsecured debt, and may thus be restructured as unsecured debt (e.g. haircut). Should the security be deemed worthless or the standing of the creditor sufficiently junior in relation to other creditors with the same security, the debt may be even considered unsecured in its entirety.
228
within a reasonable period, not to materially exceed the remainder of the credit period without the consent of the creditor or, if the debt has become due in full, not to materially exceed one-half of the original credit period. As for reducing interest and other credit costs, a court will take into consideration the length of the remaining credit period, so that the longer the remaining credit period, the smaller the reduction in interest and credit costs.
Restructuring of both unsecured and secured debt may take place only to the extent deemed necessary for the success of the restructuring proceedings.
All restructuring measures are to be applied similarly to all similar bond-based debts (i.e. to such debtors that would, outside company restructuring proceedings, have an equal right to receive payment on their claim).
Bondholders are primarily each regarded as individual creditors to the debtor. The bondholders may, however, appoint a trustee to represent the bondholder collective in relation to the debtor and the administrator.
Bankruptcy
A debtor or its creditor may apply for bankruptcy from a bankruptcy court of competent jurisdiction when the debtor has failed to pay its debts and the inability to pay is not temporary. If the application is approved, an estate administrator (or several estate administrators) of the bankruptcy estate (Fi. p esanh oitaja) will be appointed by the court.
Bankruptcy covers all liabilities of the debtor, and its objective is to liquidate the assets of the debtor and use the proceeds received therefrom in payment of the creditors' claims. In order to achieve the objective of bankruptcy, the debtor's assets are, from the beginning of the bankruptcy, subject to the authority of the estate administrator. The estate administrator must act for the common benefit of all creditors and shall comply with the decisions and guidelines of the creditors in matters falling within the decision-making powers of the creditors. The creditors are represented through the creditor's meeting, and a creditors' committee may be appointed by the court.
