A debtor or its creditor may apply for bankruptcy from a bankruptcy court of competent jurisdiction when the debtor has failed to pay its debts and the inability to pay is not temporary. If the application is approved, an estate administrator (or several estate administrators) of the bankruptcy estate (Fi. p esanh oitaja) will be appointed by the court.
As a main rule, in order to be entitled to a disbursement, a creditor must lodge a claim in bankruptcy in writing (a "letter of lodgement"), by delivering it to the estate administrator no later than the deadline set by the estate administrator. The obligation to lodge a claim binds even secured creditors. Failure to lodge a claim may lead to the expiration of the debt. A creditor who holds assets belonging to the debtor as security for the debt of a third party must, at the request of and within a time limit set by the estate administrator, provide the information on receivables and collateral that should be provided in a letter of lodgement. A creditor who holds a floating charge over the assets of the debtor as security of a claim against the debtor in bankruptcy or a debt owed by some other debtor shall lodge the claim as provided in the Finnish Bankruptcy Act. If a claim is denominated in a currency other than euro, a value in euro for the purposes of the bankruptcy proceedings is determined using the exchange rate of the date of commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings.
A creditor who wishes to use his or her claim for set-off against a debt owed to the debtor must, when giving notice of the set-off, provide the estate administrator with the same information that would be provided in a letter of lodgement.
Similar creditors have an equal right to payment from the funds of the bankruptcy estate in the proportion to the amount of their claims, unless otherwise provided by law. The Act on the Ranking of Claims (Fi. Laki velko jien m aksunsaantijarjestyksesta) (1578/1992, as amended) determines the order in which debts are settled. The following creditors have precedence over unsecured creditors to receive disbursement from the estate: (i) secured creditors and holders of retention rights have priority to the proceeds relating to the relevant asset; (ii) creditors of the administrative expenses of the bankruptcy estate, creditors with claims on the basis of contracts that the bankruptcy estate (rather than the debtor) has entered into, any liabilities for which the bankruptcy estate is responsible by operation of law and creditors of a debt that has arisen between the commencement and discontinuation of restructuring proceeding; and (iii) creditors
229
with claims that are secured by a floating charge will receive prior to other claims a disbursement of 50% of the net proceeds of the charged assets (after the claims of creditors with a better priority position have been satisfied). The rights of the above-mentioned preferential creditors may adversely affect the interests of holders of the Notes. Bankruptcy of any of the Guarantors organized in Finland could result in holders of the Notes recovering considerably less than they would have otherwise been entitled to recover under the applicable Note Guarantee. Further, it should be noted that debt incurred after the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings, such as debt the estate has committed to, is prioritized and effectively reduce disbursable funds, and security with higher priority naturally affects the value of the security of the secured creditor with a lower priority.
The Finnish Act on the Ranking of Claims specifies which debt is ranked with the lowest priority. Such debt may be, for example, any interest accrued after the commencement of the bankruptcy, capital loans, or bonds issued with a lower priority in relation to other indebtedness by the debtor. In practice, there rarely remains disbursable funds to even partially cover claims with the lowest priority. The Finnish state has no preferential rights regarding taxes and other fiscal charges. The assets of the bankruptcy estate are to be disposed of in the most advantageous manner so as to maximize the aggregate net proceeds. However, secured creditors that are secured pursuant to a fixed charge over movable or immovable property may exercise their right to enforce such collateral regardless of the bankruptcy proceedings. The bankruptcy estate may at its own discretion prohibit the sale for a maximum of two months. The bankruptcy estate may sell collateral belonging to the estate only if the creditor protected by the collateral consents to the same or if the court grants a specific permission.
Effect of bankruptcy on the bankruptcy debtor's contracts
As such, the debtor's contracts are not automatically terminated upon the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings. Contract clauses by which contracts are immediately terminated upon bankruptcy are generally considered null and void, and are thus unenforceable. Pursuant to the Finnish Bankruptcy Act, the bankruptcy estate is generally entitled to become party to any contracts of the debtor by notifying the creditor of this within a reasonable time. As noted above, debt arisen from such a contract entered into by the bankruptcy estate is prioritized over bankruptcy debts.
