Effect of bankruptcy on the bankruptcy debtor's contracts
If a bankruptcy estate is willing to become party to a contract, the law entitles a creditor to request acceptable collateral from the bankruptcy estate to secure the performance of the contract. Should the bankruptcy estate be unwilling or unable to provide such collateral to the creditor, the creditor is entitled to terminate the contract.
Fraudulent conveyance law
Pursuant to the Finnish Act on the Recovery of Assets to Bankruptcy Estate (Fi. Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesaan) (758/1991, as amended) (the "Recovery Act"), certain acts performed by a debtor may be reversed if the rights of creditors have been prejudiced by those acts. According to the Finnish Company Restructuring Act and the Finnish Enforcement Code (Fi. U losottokaari) (705/2007, as amended), the grounds for recovery set forth in the Recovery Act are also to be applied in restructuring and enforcement proceedings.
The bankruptcy estate administrator, the restructuring administrator and certain creditors may seek to recover assets of the debtor in connection with bankruptcy, restructuring or enforcement proceedings. The administrator or the creditors may, within a specified time, either file an action for recovery against the debtor's counterparty in a separate court proceeding or file an objection.
Certain general rules for recovery apply to all transactions between an insolvent debtor (including a debtor who becomes insolvent partially due to the transaction) and the counterparty of the debtor. A transaction concluded within five years prior to the date when the petition for bankruptcy, restructuring or enforcement is filed with the court or relevant authority (as well as transactions performed after such date) may be recovered if: (i) the transaction, either by itself or
230
together with other transactions, improperly (a) favors a creditor at the expense of other creditors, (b) places property beyond the reach of other creditors, or (c) increases debts to the detriment of the creditors; (ii) the debtor, at the time of the transaction, was, or partly due to the transaction became, insolvent or, in case of a transaction considered to be a gift or a contract with the characteristics of a gift, over-indebted; (iii) the counterparty of the transaction knew or should have known of the insolvency or over-indebtedness, or of the relevance of the transaction to the debtor's economic situation; and (iv) the counterparty knew or should have known the facts mentioned above in paragraph (i), on the basis of which the transaction is considered improper. The grounds for recovery under Section 5 of the Recovery Act, which covers all transactions concluded between the debtor and a counterparty, are thus applicable only if the counterparty had qualified or should have had qualified knowledge of all the issues described above in (i) and (ii). Transactions between the debtor and certain (natural or legal) persons within the debtor's sphere of interest (as defined in the Recovery Act) may be recovered regardless of the date of the transaction and such persons are assumed to have had knowledge of the issues described above in (i) and (ii).
Pursuant to the Recovery Act, certain transactions can, in certain circumstances, be recovered regardless of the good faith of the counterparty and regardless of the solvency of the debtor at the time of the transaction. Such transactions include, among other things: (i) payments received through foreclosure; (ii) the payment of debts; and (iii) the granting of security. Payment received by a creditor through foreclosure effected by the relevant authority later than three months prior to the date when the petition for bankruptcy, company reorganization or foreclosure is filed with the court (or, in the event that the beneficiary is a person within the debtor's sphere of interest, within two years) may be recovered. Any debt paid later than three months prior to the date when the petition for bankruptcy, restructuring or foreclosure is filed with the court or relevant authority (or, in the event that the beneficiary is a person within the debtor's sphere of interest, within two years) may be recovered if: (i) unusual means of payment have been used; (ii) the payment was premature; or (iii) the amount of payment was considerable in comparison to the assets of the debtor. However, a payment may not be recovered if it, when all circumstances are taken into consideration, may be held as customary. Security given later than three months prior to the date when the petition for bankruptcy, restructuring or foreclosure is filed with the court or the relevant authority (or, in the event that the beneficiary is a person within the debtor's sphere of interest, within two years) may be recovered if: (i) the parties had not agreed upon the security in connection with the granting of the credit; or (ii) the possession of the security had not been transferred, or any similar act perfecting the security had not been taken without unjustified delay after the granting of the credit.
