together with other transactions, improperly (a) favors a creditor at the expense of other creditors, (b) places property beyond the reach of other creditors, or (c) increases debts to the detriment of the creditors; (ii) the debtor, at the time of the transaction, was, or partly due to the transaction became, insolvent or, in case of a transaction considered to be a gift or a contract with the characteristics of a gift, over-indebted; (iii) the counterparty of the transaction knew or should have known of the insolvency or over-indebtedness, or of the relevance of the transaction to the debtor's economic situation; and (iv) the counterparty knew or should have known the facts mentioned above in paragraph (i), on the basis of which the transaction is considered improper. The grounds for recovery under Section 5 of the Recovery Act, which covers all transactions concluded between the debtor and a counterparty, are thus applicable only if the counterparty had qualified or should have had qualified knowledge of all the issues described above in (i) and (ii). Transactions between the debtor and certain (natural or legal) persons within the debtor's sphere of interest (as defined in the Recovery Act) may be recovered regardless of the date of the transaction and such persons are assumed to have had knowledge of the issues described above in (i) and (ii).
When a transaction is recovered, the property that has been received from the debtor is returned to the bankruptcy estate or the debtor. The bankruptcy estate or the debtor also returns the compensation that has been paid for the property. If the funds have been placed beyond the reach of the creditors and the party that paid the funds knew or should have known that this was the intention of the debtor, there is no obligation to return the funds. If the property to be returned no longer exists, or is otherwise not returnable, compensation for the value of the property must be made. In addition, should the return of certain property cause inconvenience to the party under such obligation, a court may entitle such party to pay compensation equal to the value of the property instead of returning the property. The Recovery Act also sets forth an obligation to compensate for any decrease in value of the recovered property.
Accordingly, the validity of the Guarantees or any payment made thereunder may be challenged under the Recovery Act and it is possible that such a challenge would be successful. If the granting of a Guarantee or a payment thereunder is successfully challenged under the Recovery Act, then the granting of such a Guarantee could be nullified or the payment recovered. As a result of such successful challenges, holders of the Notes may not enjoy the benefit of a Guarantee, and the value of any consideration that holders of the Notes received with respect to a Guarantee could also be subject to recovery from the holders of the Notes, i.e. the holders of Note may be ordered to return any proceeds received pursuant to a Guarantee.
231
Limitations
The Guarantee granted by the Finnish Guarantor and any future guarantor incorporated in Finland will be limited by a general limitation that limits the scope of the guarantee to the extent the grant of such guarantee would be contrary to certain mandatory provisions of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi. O sakeyhtidlaki) (624/2006, as amended). Pursuant to such limitation, the beneficiaries of the Guarantee agree to enforce the guarantee against any Finnish guarantor only to the extent that such enforcement does not result in a breach of the mandatory regulation of the Finnish Companies Act by that Finnish guarantor. Certain significant limitations to a company's ability to grant guarantees are included in sections 1 and 10 of chapter 13 of the Finnish Companies Act regulating the unlawful distribution of funds and prohibited financial assistance. Pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act, a Finnish limited liability company, such as the Finnish Guarantor, is prohibited from providing loans, guarantees, assets or security for the purpose of a third party acquiring shares in such company or its parent companies. Further, the Finnish Companies Act provides that no guarantee or security may be granted (or any other transaction entered into) by a Finnish limited liability company without commercial grounds, i.e., unless doing so is in the company's own commercial interest. In assessing the existence and scope of corporate benefit to the company, all relevant benefits and risks to the company are to be taken into account. In the context of the Guarantee, among other things, other guarantees and security granted or to be granted by the Finnish Guarantor for the other financing arrangements of the Group in connection with, in te r alia, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Pension Insurance Line are to be taken into consideration. The actual scope of the Guarantee by the Finnish Guarantor may therefore be substantially less than the aggregate amount of liabilities expressed to be guaranteed and, in fact, it is possible that owing to the application of mandatory Finnish law relating to unlawful profit distribution, as applied to the Guarantee, no liabilities or obligations will under Finnish law, be held to be effectively guaranteed.
Establishing security interest
General
In order to create a valid security interest under Finnish law, the following criteria must generally be met: (a) there must be an underlying debtor-creditor relationship in respect of the obligations which the security purports to secure; (b) the pledgor must grant the security interest, typically in the form of a pledge agreement; and (c) an act perfecting the security interest must take place. The method for perfection varies depending on the asset type.
