General
Under Finnish law, in addition to certain actions that must be taken to perfect a security interest (pledge) by the secured party and the grantor (pledgor), for any security (pledge) to be validly created, the grantor (pledgor) must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the assets subject to the security interest (pledge). Any security interest (pledge) purported to be created under Finnish law over assets which the grantor (pledgor) may remain in possession of, retain exclusive or shared control over, entitled to operate or collect, invest and dispose of any income from until the occurrence of an enforcement event would therefore not be effective until an enforcement event has occurred and the security interest (pledge) has been perfected. Such unperfected security interest (pledge) is vulnerable of being set aside in any insolvency proceedings affecting the grantor (pledgor) and may, potentially, be declared void.
Shares
In the case of shares, the perfection of the pledge is achieved in respect of a private limited liability company by (i) transferring the share certificate(s) (if issued) to the possession of the secured party and/or (ii) notifying the company of the pledge and by the company recording the pledge in its register of shares.
Bank accounts and claims in general
Pledges can also be granted and perfected in receivables and other claims (including bank accounts). Security over receivables and claims is perfected by way of notification to the debtor
232
of the underlying claim. There is no requirement as to the form for such notification. However, in order to obtain the intended result, the pledgor or the secured party should state that the claim has been pledged to the secured party and the notice must also effectively prohibit the underlying debtor from paying the pledgor. For bank accounts this means that the accountholder cannot be allowed to dispose of the account, including withdrawing funds from the account. For claims/receivables, such as dividends, this means that the underlying debtor must be instructed to make payments to the pledgee (instead of the pledgor). The bank accounts and any claims/ receivables pledged as Collateral to secure the Notes will not be perfected on the Issue Date, and will not be perfected until an enforcement event.
Floating charges and real estate mortgages
