of the underlying claim. There is no requirement as to the form for such notification. However, in order to obtain the intended result, the pledgor or the secured party should state that the claim has been pledged to the secured party and the notice must also effectively prohibit the underlying debtor from paying the pledgor. For bank accounts this means that the accountholder cannot be allowed to dispose of the account, including withdrawing funds from the account. For claims/receivables, such as dividends, this means that the underlying debtor must be instructed to make payments to the pledgee (instead of the pledgor). The bank accounts and any claims/ receivables pledged as Collateral to secure the Notes will not be perfected on the Issue Date, and will not be perfected until an enforcement event.
In the case of Finnish floating charge promissory notes and real estate mortgage notes, the perfection of the pledge is achieved by transferring the duly issued and registered Finnish floating charge promissory notes and real estate mortgage certificates the possession of the secured party.
Patents and trademarks
In the case of patents and trademarks, the perfection of the pledge over Finnish patents and trademarks is achieved by registering the pledge with the Finnish Patent and Registration Office (Fi: P a te n tti-ja rekisterihallitus) or, in case of Community Trademarks, registering the pledge with the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market ("OHIM"), or in case of European patents, registering the pledge with the European Patent Office.
Security is granted under security agreements governed by Finnish law (the ''Finnish Security Agreements") by (a) Ovako Finland Oy Ab as a Finnish Guarantor over, inter alia, (i) a share pledge over the shares of Ovako Imatra Oy Ab and (ii) floating charge promissory note(s) and (b) Ovako Imatra Oy Ab as a Finnish Guarantor over, inter alia,(i) bank accounts and deposits situated in Finland, (ii) floating charge promissory note(s), (iii) real estate mortgage certificates and (iv) certain registered intellectual property rights (trademarks and patents)and (c) Triako Finco AB over the shares of Ovako Finland Oy Ab. With regard to pledges over bank accounts, the relevant Finnish Guarantor remains entitled to exercise control over the pledged bank accounts (including withdrawing monies) until the bank account pledge may be enforced pursuant to the relevant Finnish Security Agreement and the security agent has instructed the account holding bank to block the relevant Finnish Guarantor's access to the bank account. Therefore, the bank account pledge created under the Finnish Security Agreement has not been duly perfected under Finnish law and is thus vulnerable to being set aside or being declared void. In relation to share pledges under the Finnish Security Agreements and the pledges over dividends thereunder, the relevant companies whose shares have been pledged may make payments of the dividends to the relevant pledgor until the pledge may be enforced pursuant to the Finnish Security Agreement and the security agent has instructed the relevant companies whose shares have been pledged to make all payments to the security agent. Therefore, the pledge of dividends created under the Finnish Security Agreements has not been duly perfected under Finnish law and is thus vulnerable to being set aside or being declared void.
Limitations on the recovery of the creditors with claims that are secured by a floating charge have been discussed above under " -- C om pany R estru ctu rin g " and "--B a n kru p tcy".
Enforcement of security
General
Enforcement can take place either outside of bankruptcy proceedings or during bankruptcy proceedings. Instead, in company restructuring proceedings, a moratorium applies and enforcement is generally not possible. The terms of the relevant security agreement regulate the enforcement, however, subject to constraints set by mandatory Finnish law.
