Irrespective of whether the enforcement in bankruptcy was carried out by the secured creditor independently or by the bankruptcy liquidator, should the enforcement proceeds not suffice to satisfy the creditor's secured claim, the outstanding balance of the secured creditor's claim will constitute an ordinary unsecured claim towards the bankruptcy estate and will rank p ro rata with the claims of other unsecured creditors.
If company restructuring proceedings have been initiated against the pledgor, the pledgee can no longer enforce the pledge independently (nor accelerate the underlying loans against the
234
pledgor) and any enforcement procedures already initiated (but not completed) will be discontinued. The prohibition to enforce the pledge is in force until the court has passed a decision to either accept or reject the restructuring program proposed by the administrator. This moratorium does not, however, apply where the security in question qualifies as a financial collateral arrangement under the Finnish Act on Financial Collateral (888/2010, as amended).
If the restructuring program is accepted by the court, the enforcement of pledges is likely to be covered by the restructuring program. Should the proposed program be rejected, the most likely outcome is the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings.
Security granted in favor o f an agent
Under Finnish law security should be granted in favor of the relevant pledgees/secured parties and not in favor of an agent alone. The pledgees/secured parties may, however, be represented by an agent who can enter into the relevant security agreement for and on behalf of the pledgees/secured parties based on a power of attorney or a mandate of agency. It is generally considered under Finnish law that an irrevocable authorization and an irrevocable appointment of agent may nevertheless be revoked at any time by the principal.
Liquidation due to capital deficiency
The Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (Fi. O sakeyhtiolaki) (624/2006, as amended) (the "Finnish Companies Act") requires a company to give notification to the Finnish Patent and Registration Office should its equity become negative, but does not include any provisions mandating the board of directors of a company to file for bankruptcy or place the company into liquidation due to the financial standing of the company. However, the law includes provisions concerning the managements' liability for damages deliberately or negligently caused to the company, or due to violation of the duty of care. A director may therefore be de facto required to file the company for bankruptcy or apply for liquidation, which may adversely affect the value of any securities or guarantees given by the company.
