Liquidation due to capital deficiency
Germany
Insolvency. In the event of insolvency of a Subsidiary Guarantor or a provider of Collateral organized under the laws of Germany and/or having its centre of main interests in Germany (the "German Providers") any main insolvency proceedings would most likely be initiated in Germany. Such proceedings would then be governed by German law. See also " --Eu ropean U n io n ".
The insolvency laws of Germany and, in particular, the provisions of the German Insolvency Code (De. In so lvenzo rd n u n g ), may not be as favorable to creditors as the insolvency laws of other jurisdictions, including, in te r alia, in respect of priority of creditors, the ability to obtain post petition interest as well as security interests and the duration of the insolvency proceedings, and hence may limit the ability of creditors to recover payments due on the Notes to an extent exceeding the limitations arising under other insolvency laws.
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of the insolvency laws of Germany.
Under German insolvency law, insolvency proceedings are not initiated by the competent insolvency court ex officio, but require that the debtor and/or a creditor files a petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings. Insolvency proceedings can be initiated either by the debtor or by a creditor in the event of over-indebtedness (De. U berschuldung) of the debtor or in the event of illiquidity (De. Z a h lu n g su n fa h ig keit), meaning that the debtor is unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due. A debtor is considered over-indebted when its liabilities exceed the value of its assets unless, given the circumstances, it is predominantly likely (De. u b e rw ieg e n d w ahrscheinlich) than not that the debtor's business can survive as a going concern. If a limited liability company (De. G esellsch a ft m it b esch ra n k ter H a ftu n g ), a stock corporation (De. A k tie n g e se llsch a ft--A G ), a European law stock corporation based in Germany (De. Societas Europaea--SE), any other limited liability company or any company not having an individual as
235
personally liable shareholder finds itself in a situation of illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness, the management board or managing directors of such company are obliged to file for insolvency without delay but not later than three weeks after such illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness was established. In addition, only the debtor can file for the opening of insolvency proceedings in case of impending illiquidity (De. d ro h en d e Z a h lu n g su n fa h ig keit), if there is the imminent risk for the company of being unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due, whereas impending illiquidity does not give rise to an obligation for the management of the debtor to file for insolvency proceedings.
The insolvency proceedings are controlled by the competent insolvency court which monitors the due performance of the proceedings. Upon receipt of the insolvency petition, the insolvency court may take preliminary protective measures to secure the property of the debtor during the preliminary proceedings (De. In so lve n ze ro ffn u n g sverfa h ren ). The insolvency court may prohibit or suspend any measures taken to enforce individual claims against the debtor's assets during these preliminary proceedings as far as these protective measures are reasonable to protect the debtor's assets and/or to ensure the continuation of the debtor's business.
