personally liable shareholder finds itself in a situation of illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness, the management board or managing directors of such company are obliged to file for insolvency without delay but not later than three weeks after such illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness was established. In addition, only the debtor can file for the opening of insolvency proceedings in case of impending illiquidity (De. d ro h en d e Z a h lu n g su n fa h ig keit), if there is the imminent risk for the company of being unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due, whereas impending illiquidity does not give rise to an obligation for the management of the debtor to file for insolvency proceedings.
As part of such protective measures the court may appoint a preliminary insolvency administrator (De. v o rla u fig e r In so lven zverw a lter). The rights and duties of the preliminary administrator depend on the decision of the court. The duties of the preliminary administrator may be, in particular, to safeguard and to preserve the debtor's property and to assess whether the debtor's net assets will be sufficient to cover the costs of the insolvency proceedings. Depending on the decision of the court, even the right to manage and dispose of the business and assets of the debtor may pass to the preliminary insolvency administrator.
During preliminary proceedings a "preliminary creditors' committee" (De. vorlaufiger Glaubigerausschuss) usually needs to be set up if the debtor satisfies two of the following three requirements: a balance sheet total in excess of EUR4,840,000 (after deducting an equity shortfall if the debtor is over indebted), revenue of at least EUR9,680,000 in the twelve months prior to the last balance sheet date and/or fifty or more employees. Also in a case where less than two of the aforementioned requirements are satisfied a preliminary creditors' committee may be set up under certain circumstances upon the request of the debtor, the preliminary insolvency administrator or a creditor. The preliminary creditors' committee will be able to participate in certain important insolvency court decisions. It will have, for example, the power to influence the following: the selection of a preliminary insolvency administrator or an insolvency administrator (De. vorlaufige Insolvenzverw alter and Insolvenzverw alter), orders for "debtor in possession" proceedings (De. A n o rdn u n g d e r Eigenverw altung), and appointments of preliminary trustees (De. Sachwalter).
The court orders the opening (De. Ero ffn u n g sb esch lu ss) of main insolvency proceedings (De. e ro ffn e te s In so lvenzverfa h ren ) if certain requirements are met, in particular if (i) the debtor is in a situation of impending illiquidity (if the petition has been filed by the debtor) or illiquidity and/or over-indebted and (ii) there are sufficient assets to cover at least the cost of the insolvency proceedings. If the assets of the debtor are not expected to be sufficient, the insolvency court will only open main insolvency proceedings if third parties, for instance creditors, advance the costs themselves. In the absence of such advancement, the petition for opening of insolvency proceedings will usually be refused for insufficiency of assets (De. A b w e isu n g m angels M asse).
Upon the opening of main insolvency proceedings, the right to manage and dispose of the business and assets of the debtor passes to the insolvency administrator (De. Insolvenzverw a lter) who is appointed by the insolvency court unless debtor-in-possession (De. E ig en verw a ltu n g ) is ordered. The creditors are only entitled to change the individual appointed as insolvency administrator at the occasion of the first creditors' assembly (De. erste G laubigerversam m lung) with such change requiring that (i) a simple majority of votes cast (by heads and amount of insolvency claims) has voted in favor of the proposed individual to become insolvency administrator and (ii) the proposed individual being eligible as officeholder, i.e. sufficiently qualified, business-experienced and impartial. In addition, the insolvency administrator may raise new financial indebtedness and incur other liabilities to continue the debtor's operations and satisfaction of these liabilities as preferential debts of the estate (De. M asseschulden) will be
236
preferred to any insolvency claims of unsecured creditors (this also includes such portion of an in rem secured creditor's claim which exceeds the amount obtained through a disposal of the relevant collateral).
All creditors, whether secured or unsecured (unless they have a right to separate an asset from the insolvency estate (De. A u sso n d eru n g srech t)), wishing to assert claims against the debtor in person need to participate in the insolvency proceedings. German insolvency proceedings are collective proceedings and creditors may generally no longer pursue their individual claims in the insolvency proceedings separately, but can instead only enforce them in compliance with the restrictions of the German Insolvency Act. Any judicial enforcement action brought against the debtor by any of its creditors is subject to an automatic stay once insolvency proceedings have been opened (and, if so ordered by a court, also between the time when an insolvency petition is filed and the time when insolvency proceedings commence). If, during the final month preceding the date of filing for insolvency proceedings, a creditor acquires through execution (i.e., attachment) a security interest in part of the debtor's property that would normally form part of the insolvency estate, such security becomes null and void by operation of law upon opening of the insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, unsecured creditors may file their claims in the insolvency proceedings and will be paid on a pro rata basis from the insolvency estate (to the extent sufficient assets are available). Secured creditors are not entitled to enforce their security interests after an insolvency petition has been filed to the extent the Insolvency Code authorizes the insolvency administrator to dispose of the relevant collateral (though, between the time when an insolvency petition is filed and the time when insolvency proceedings commence, such stay on enforcement requires a court order) but have only certain preferential rights (De. A b so n d eru n g srech te ) in the insolvency proceedings. Whether or not, after the initiation of insolvency proceedings, a secured creditor remains entitled to enforce security granted to it by the relevant debtor depends on the type of security. However, even though the law vests the right of disposal regarding the relevant collateral in the insolvency administrator, the secured creditor retains a right of preferred satisfaction with regard to the disposal proceeds. As a consequence, the enforcement proceeds minus certain contributory charges for (i) assessing the value of the secured assets (De. Feststellu n g sko sten ) and (ii) realising the secured assets (De. V erw ertu n g sko sten ), which, in aggregate, usually add up to 9% of the gross enforcement proceeds plus VAT (if any), are paid to the creditor holding a security interest in the relevant collateral up to an amount equal to its secured claims.
If a Subsidiary Guarantor grants security over its assets to other creditors than holders of the Notes, such security may result in a preferred satisfaction of such other creditors' secured claims (however, the preferential treatment would be limited to the proceeds obtained through the disposal of the relevant collateral). With any remaining amounts and any proceeds arising from the realization of the remaining unencumbered assets of the debtor, the insolvency administrator has to satisfy the creditors of the insolvency estate (De. M asseglaubiger) first (including the costs of the insolvency proceedings as well as any preferred liabilities incurred by the insolvency estate after the opening of formal insolvency proceedings). Thereafter, all other claims (insolvency claims--De. In so lve n zfo rd e ru n g e n ), in particular claims of unsecured creditors, will be satisfied on a pro rata basis if and to the extent there is cash remaining in the insolvency estate (De. Insolvenzm asse) after the security interest and the preferential claims against the estate have been settled and paid in full.
