All creditors, whether secured or unsecured (unless they have a right to separate an asset from the insolvency estate (De. A u sso n d eru n g srech t)), wishing to assert claims against the debtor in person need to participate in the insolvency proceedings. German insolvency proceedings are collective proceedings and creditors may generally no longer pursue their individual claims in the insolvency proceedings separately, but can instead only enforce them in compliance with the restrictions of the German Insolvency Act. Any judicial enforcement action brought against the debtor by any of its creditors is subject to an automatic stay once insolvency proceedings have been opened (and, if so ordered by a court, also between the time when an insolvency petition is filed and the time when insolvency proceedings commence). If, during the final month preceding the date of filing for insolvency proceedings, a creditor acquires through execution (i.e., attachment) a security interest in part of the debtor's property that would normally form part of the insolvency estate, such security becomes null and void by operation of law upon opening of the insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, unsecured creditors may file their claims in the insolvency proceedings and will be paid on a pro rata basis from the insolvency estate (to the extent sufficient assets are available). Secured creditors are not entitled to enforce their security interests after an insolvency petition has been filed to the extent the Insolvency Code authorizes the insolvency administrator to dispose of the relevant collateral (though, between the time when an insolvency petition is filed and the time when insolvency proceedings commence, such stay on enforcement requires a court order) but have only certain preferential rights (De. A b so n d eru n g srech te ) in the insolvency proceedings. Whether or not, after the initiation of insolvency proceedings, a secured creditor remains entitled to enforce security granted to it by the relevant debtor depends on the type of security. However, even though the law vests the right of disposal regarding the relevant collateral in the insolvency administrator, the secured creditor retains a right of preferred satisfaction with regard to the disposal proceeds. As a consequence, the enforcement proceeds minus certain contributory charges for (i) assessing the value of the secured assets (De. Feststellu n g sko sten ) and (ii) realising the secured assets (De. V erw ertu n g sko sten ), which, in aggregate, usually add up to 9% of the gross enforcement proceeds plus VAT (if any), are paid to the creditor holding a security interest in the relevant collateral up to an amount equal to its secured claims.
The remaining amounts (the "excess proceeds") resulting from the disposal of collateral provided to such other creditors or any unencumbered assets may not be sufficient to satisfy the claims of the holders of the Notes against a German Subsidiary Guarantor under its Guarantee. In addition, it may take several years before proceeds from the liquidation of the insolvency estate, if any, are distributed to unsecured creditors.
A different distribution of enforcement proceeds can be proposed in an insolvency plan (De. Insolvenzplan) that can be submitted by the debtor or the insolvency administrator and requires the consent of the debtor as well as the consent of each class of creditors in accordance
237
with specific majority rules (with secured creditors being grouped in a separate class). Under German insolvency laws, it is possible to implement a debt-to-equity-swap through an insolvency plan. However, it will not be possible to force a creditor into a debt-to-equity swap if it does not consent to such debt-to-equity swap.
If a company faces imminent illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness it may also file for preliminary "debtor in possession" proceedings (De. Sch u tzsch irm verfah ren). In such a case and upon request of the debtor, the court will prohibit enforcement measures (other than with respect to immoveable assets) and may implement other preliminary measures to protect the debtor from creditor enforcement actions for up to three months if an independent expert testifies that the restructuring of the debtor's business is not obviously futile (De. o ffen sich tlich aussichtslos) and that the debtor is not already illiquid. During such period, the debtor shall, together with its creditors and a preliminary trustee (De. v o rla u fig e r Sachw alter), prepare an insolvency plan which ideally will be implemented in formal "debtor in possession" proceedings (De. Eig en verw a ltu n g ) after formal insolvency proceedings have been opened.
Under German insolvency law, there is no consolidation of the assets and liabilities of a group of companies in the event of insolvency. In case of a group of companies, each entity has, from an insolvency law point of view, to be dealt with separately on an entity by entity basis (i.e., there is no group insolvency concept under German insolvency law). As a consequence, there is, in particular, no pooling of claims among the respective entities of a group, but rather the claims of and vis-a-vis each entity have to be dealt with separately. In 2013, the German Federal Ministry of Justice (De. Bundesjustizministerium) has released a draft Bill to Facilitate the Handling of Group Insolvencies (De. E n tw u rf ein es G esetzes z u r E rle ich te ru n g d e r B ew a ltig u n g von K o n zern in so lven zen ). While the draft Bill does not propose to abolish the principle of separate insolvency proceedings in relation to each group entity, it stipulates four key amendments of the German Insolvency Act in order to facilitate an efficient administration of group insolvencies: (1) a single court may be competent for each group entity insolvency proceedings; (2) the appointment of an identical person as insolvency administrator for all group companies is facilitated; (3) certain coordination obligations are imposed on insolvency courts, insolvency administrators and creditors' committees; and (4) certain parties may apply for ''coordination proceedings" (De. K o o rd in a tio n sverfa h ren ) and the appointment of a ''coordination insolvency administrator" (De. K o o rd in a tio n sverw a lter) with the ability to propose a ''coordination plan'' (De. K oord in a tio n sp la n ). It is currently unclear if and when, and whether in its current or modified form, this Bill might be adopted by parliament.
Other than secured and unsecured creditors, German insolvency law provides for certain creditors to be subordinated by law (in particular, but not limited to, claims made by shareholders (unless privileged) of the relevant debtor for the return of funds or payment of a consideration), while claims of a person who becomes a creditor of the insolvency estate only after the opening of insolvency proceedings generally rank senior to the claims of regular, unsecured creditors.
Powers of attorney granted by the relevant debtor and certain other legal relationships cease to be effective upon the opening of insolvency proceedings. Certain executory contracts become unenforceable at such time unless and until the insolvency administrator opts for performance.
