Other than secured and unsecured creditors, German insolvency law provides for certain creditors to be subordinated by law (in particular, but not limited to, claims made by shareholders (unless privileged) of the relevant debtor for the return of funds or payment of a consideration), while claims of a person who becomes a creditor of the insolvency estate only after the opening of insolvency proceedings generally rank senior to the claims of regular, unsecured creditors.
Under German insolvency law, termination rights, automatic termination events or ''escape clauses'' entitling one party to terminate an agreement, or resulting in an automatic termination of an agreement, upon the opening of insolvency proceedings in respect of the other party, the filing for insolvency or the occurrence of reasons justifying the opening of insolvency proceedings (De. in so lve n zb e zo g e n e K u n d ig u n g sre ch te o d e r Losungsklauseln) may be invalid if they frustrate the election right of the insolvency administrator whether or not to perform the contract unless they reflect termination rights applicable under statutory law. This may also relate to agreements that are not governed by German law.
Lim itation on en fo rcem en t. The German Guarantor is incorporated in the form of a GmbH (Limited Liability Company, De. G esellsch aft m it b esch ra n k ter H aftun g). Consequently, the
238
granting of collateral (including a guarantee) by the German Guarantor is subject to certain provisions of the G m bH-G esetz (Limited Liability Company Act), including rules on capital maintenance.
As a general rule, sections 30 and 31 of the GmbH-Gesetz ("Sections 30 and 31") prohibit a GmbH disbursing its assets to its shareholders, to the extent that the amount of the GmbH's net assets (i.e., assets minus liabilities and liability reserves) is already less or would fall below the amount of its stated share capital (De. Stam m kapital). The granting of guarantees, share pledges and other security by a GmbH in order to guarantee or secure liabilities of a direct or indirect parent or sister company are generally considered disbursements under Sections 30 and 31. Therefore, in order to enable German subsidiaries to issue guarantees or create security interests to secure liabilities of a direct or indirect parent or sister company without the risk of violating Sections 30 and 31 (which may even lead to the directors of such company becoming personally liable vis-a vis the company), it is standard market practice for indentures, credit agreements, guarantees and security documents to contain so-called "limitation language" in relation to subsidiaries in the legal form of a GmbH or limited liability partnership with a GmbH as its sole general partner (a GmbH &Co. KG) incorporated or established in Germany. Pursuant to such limitation language, the beneficiaries of the guarantees or the security interests agree, subject to certain exemptions, to enforce the guarantees or the security interests against the German subsidiary only to the extent that such enforcement does not result in the GmbH's (or, in case of a GmbH & Co. KG, its general partner's) net assets falling below its stated share capital or, as the case may be, if the net assets are already below the amount of its stated share capital, to cause such amount to be further reduced. Accordingly, the security documents relating to Guarantees or Collateral provided by a German GmbH will contain such limitation language and the relevant Guarantee and Collateral will be limited in the manner described. This could lead to a situation in which the respective guarantee by the German Guarantor cannot be enforced at all.
German capital maintenance rules are subject to ongoing court decisions. Future court rulings may further limit the access of shareholders to assets of their subsidiaries constituted in the form of a GmbH or a GmbH & Co. KG, which can negatively affect the ability of the subsidiaries to make payments on the Guarantees, of the secured parties to enforce the Collateral or of the beneficiaries of the Guarantees to enforce the Guarantees.
H ardening p e rio d s a n d fra u d u le n t tran sfer. In the event of insolvency proceedings with respect to a German collateral provider, which would most likely be based on and governed by the insolvency laws of Germany, the guarantee or security interest provided by that entity could be subject to potential challenges by an insolvency administrator (De. In so lvenzverw a lter) under the rules of avoidance as set out in the German Insolvency Code (De. Insolvenzord n u n g ).
Under these rules, an insolvency administrator may challenge (De. an fech ten ) acts (De. R ech tsh an dlun gen ) and legal transactions (De. R ech tsgeschafte) that are deemed detrimental to insolvency creditors and were effected prior to the commencement of insolvency proceedings. Such transactions can include the payment of any amounts to the holders of the Notes as well as granting them any security interest (including guarantees). The administrator's right to challenge transactions can, depending on the circumstances, extend to transactions during the ten-year period prior to the filing of the petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings. In the event such a transaction is successfully avoided, the Security Agent and the holders of the Notes would be under an obligation to repay the amounts received or to waive the guarantee or the benefit of the security interest.
