H ardening p e rio d s a n d fra u d u le n t tran sfer. In the event of insolvency proceedings with respect to a German collateral provider, which would most likely be based on and governed by the insolvency laws of Germany, the guarantee or security interest provided by that entity could be subject to potential challenges by an insolvency administrator (De. In so lvenzverw a lter) under the rules of avoidance as set out in the German Insolvency Code (De. Insolvenzord n u n g ).
In particular, a transaction (which term includes the provision of security (including guarantees) and the repayment of debt) detrimental to the creditors of the debtor may be avoided according to the German Insolvency Act, inter alia, in the following cases:
 Any legal act (De. Rechtshandlung) granting a creditor or enabling a creditor to obtain, a security (including a guarantee) or satisfaction for a debt (De. B efried ig u n g) can be avoided if the transaction was effected (i) in the last three months prior to the filing of a petition for the commencement of insolvency proceedings, if at the time of the transaction the debtor was
239
illiquid (De. za h lu n g su n fa hig , i.e., unable to pay its debt when due) and the creditor had knowledge thereof, or (ii) after a petition for the commencement of insolvency proceedings has been filed and the creditor had knowledge thereof or of the debtor being illiquid;
 Any legal act (De. Rechtshandlung) granting a creditor or enabling a creditor to obtain, a security (including a guarantee) or satisfaction for a debt to which such creditor had no right, no right at the respective time or no right as to the respective manner, can be avoided if the transaction was effected in the month prior to the filing of a petition for the commencement of insolvency proceedings or after such filing; if the transaction was effected in the second or third month prior to the filing, it can be avoided if at the time of the transaction (i) the debtor was illiquid, or (ii) the creditor knew that the transaction would be detrimental to the creditors of the debtor;
 Any legal act (De. Rechtshandlung) transaction effected by the debtor which is directly detrimental to the creditors of the debtor or by which the debtor loses a right or the ability to enforce a right or by which a proprietary claim against the debtor is obtained or becomes enforceable, can be avoided if the transaction was effected (i) in the last three months prior to the filing of a petition for the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the debtor, if at the time of the transaction the debtor was illiquid and the other party to the transaction had knowledge thereof or (ii) after a petition for the commencement of insolvency proceedings has been filed against the debtor and the other party to the transaction had knowledge thereof or of the debtor being illiquid;
 Any legal transaction (De. R echtsgeschaft) whereby a debtor grants a guarantee or security interest for a third party debt might be regarded as having been granted gratuitously (De. u n en tgeltlich ); a gratuitous transaction can be avoided if it was effected in the four years prior to the filing of a petition for the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the debtor;
 Any legal act (De. R ech tsh an dlu n g) entered into by the grantor of the guarantee or security interest in the last ten years prior to the filing of a petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings or thereafter with the intent to prejudice its creditors can be avoided if the beneficiary of the transaction had knowledge of such intent at the time of the transaction;
