 Any legal transaction (De. R echtsgeschaft) whereby a debtor grants a guarantee or security interest for a third party debt might be regarded as having been granted gratuitously (De. u n en tgeltlich ); a gratuitous transaction can be avoided if it was effected in the four years prior to the filing of a petition for the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the debtor;
 Any non-gratuitous contract concluded between the debtor and an affiliated party which directly operates to the detriment of the creditors can be avoided unless such contract was concluded earlier than two years prior to the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings or the other party had no knowledge of the debtor's intention to disadvantage its creditors as of the time the contract was concluded; in relation to corporate entities, the term 'affiliated party' includes, subject to certain limitations, members of the management or supervisory board, general partners and shareholders owning more than 25% of the debtor's share capital, persons or companies holding comparable positions that give them access to information about the economic situation of the debtor, and other persons that are spouses, relatives or members of the household of any of the foregoing persons;
 Any legal act (De. Rechtshandlung) transaction with respect to the claim of a shareholder for repayment of a shareholder loan (De. G esellsch afterdarleh en) or an equivalent claim can be avoided (i) in the event it provided security, if the transaction was effected in the last ten years prior to the filing of a petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings or thereafter or (ii) in the event it resulted in satisfaction, if the transaction was effected in the last year prior to the filing of a petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings or thereafter; and
 Any legal act (De. R echtsgeschaft) whereby the debtor grants satisfaction for a loan claim or an economically equivalent claim to a third party can be avoided if the transaction was effected in the last year prior to the filing of a petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings or thereafter and if a shareholder of the debtor had granted security or was liable as a guarantor or surety (De. G arant o r Burge) (in which case the shareholder has to compensate the debtor for the amounts paid (subject to further conditions)).
240
In this context, "knowledge" is generally deemed to exist if the other party is aware of the facts from which the conclusion must be drawn that the debtor (e.g., a company subject to the German insolvency laws) was unable to pay its debts generally as they fell due, that a petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings had been filed, or that the act was detrimental to, or intended to prejudice, the insolvency creditors, as the case may be. A person is deemed to have knowledge of the debtor's intention to prejudice the insolvency creditors if it knew of the debtor's impending illiquidity and that the transaction prejudiced the debtor's creditors.
If any of the Guarantees or Collateral by any of the German Providers was avoided or held unenforceable for any reason, a holder of the Notes would cease to have any claim or benefit in respect thereof. Any amounts received from a transaction that had been avoided would have to be repaid to the insolvent estate.
Furthermore, even in the absence of an insolvency proceeding, a third-party creditor who has obtained an enforcement order (De. V ollstrecku n gstitel) but has failed to obtain satisfaction of its enforceable claims by a levy of execution, under certain circumstances, has the right to avoid certain transactions, such as the payment of debt and the granting of security pursuant to the German Act on Avoidance (De. A n fe ch tu n g sg e se tz). The prerequisites differ to a certain extent from the rules described above and the avoidance periods are calculated from the date when a creditor exercises its rights of avoidance in the courts.
In addition, under German law, a creditor who provided additional, or extended existing funding to a debtor or obtained security from a debtor may be liable in tort if such creditor was aware of the debtor's (impending) insolvency or of circumstances indicating such debtor's (impending) insolvency at the time such funding was provided or extended or such security was granted. The German Federal Supreme Court (De. B u n d esg erich tsh o f) held that this could be the case if, for example, the creditor was to act with the intention of detrimentally influencing the position of the other creditors of the debtor in violation of the legal principle of b o n o s m ores (De. Sitte n w id rig k e it). Such intention could be present if the beneficiary of the transaction was aware of any circumstances indicating that the debtor as the grantor of the guarantee or security was close to collapse (De. Zusam m enbruch), or had reason to enquire further with respect thereto.
