Furthermore, even in the absence of an insolvency proceeding, a third-party creditor who has obtained an enforcement order (De. V ollstrecku n gstitel) but has failed to obtain satisfaction of its enforceable claims by a levy of execution, under certain circumstances, has the right to avoid certain transactions, such as the payment of debt and the granting of security pursuant to the German Act on Avoidance (De. A n fe ch tu n g sg e se tz). The prerequisites differ to a certain extent from the rules described above and the avoidance periods are calculated from the date when a creditor exercises its rights of avoidance in the courts.
Parallel d eb t. Under German law, certain "accessory" security interests such as pledges (De. Pfan drechte) require that the pledgee and the creditor be the same person. Such security interests cannot be held on behalf of third parties who do not hold the secured claim. The holders of the Notes, will not be party to the security documents relating to the Collateral. In order for the holders of the Notes to benefit from Collateral under "accessory" security documents, the Intercreditor Agreement will provide for the creation of a "parallel debt". Pursuant to the parallel debt, the Security Agent becomes the holder of a claim equal to each amount payable by an obligor under the Notes and the Guarantees. The pledges governed by German law will directly secure the parallel debt. The parallel debt procedure has not been tested in court under German law, and there is no certainty that it will eliminate or mitigate the risk of unenforceability posed by German law. Further, if the parallel debt is novated from the Security Agent to a new security agent or another third party, any German law governed accessory security interests such as pledges (De. Pfan drechte) would extinguish and would therefore need to be re-created with the consequence that hardening periods would start again from the date of re-creation of security.
241
Book-entry, delivery and form
General
Certain defined terms used but not defined in this section have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture as described in "D escrip tion o f N o tes". Notes sold to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A) in reliance on Rule 144A will initially be represented by one global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Rule 144A Global Note"). Notes sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in offshore transactions (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S will initially be represented by one global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Regulation S Global Note" and, together with the Rule 144A Global Note, the "Global Notes"). The Global Notes will be deposited, on the Issue Date, with, or on behalf of, a common depositary and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream.
Ownership of beneficial interests in the Rule 144A Global Note (the "Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests") and ownership of interests in the Regulation S Global Note (the "Regulation S BookEntry Interests" and, together with the Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests, the "Book-Entry Interests") will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream or persons that hold interests through such participants and must be in accordance with applicable transfer restrictions set out in the Indenture and in any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or of any other jurisdiction, as described under "Im p o rta n t in fo rm a tio n ". Euroclear and Clearstream will hold interests in the Global Notes on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their respective depositaries. Except under the limited circumstances described below, owners of Book-Entry Interests will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes in certificated form ("Definitive Registered Notes").
Instead, Book-Entry Interests will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, the respective book-entry registration and transfer systems maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream and their participants. The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of those securities in definitive form. The foregoing limitations may impair your ability to own, transfer or pledge Book-Entry Interests. In addition, while the Notes are in global form, holders of BookEntry Interests will not be considered the owners or "holders" of Notes for any purpose.
So long as the Notes are held in global form, the common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream (or its respective nominee), as applicable, will be considered the sole holder of the Global Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. Accordingly, participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, and indirect participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and the participants through which they own Book-Entry Interests, to transfer their interests or to exercise any rights of holders of Notes under the Indenture.
