the Notes, each of Euroclear and Clearstream, at the request of the holders of such Notes, reserve the right to exchange the Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes in certifiable form and to distribute such Definitive Registered Notes to their participants.
Transfers between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected in accordance with Euroclear and Clearstream's rules and will be settled in immediately available funds. If a holder of Notes requires physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes for any reason, including to sell Notes to persons in states which require physical delivery of such securities or to pledge such securities, such holder of Notes must transfer its interests in the Global Notes in accordance with the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture.
The Global Notes will each bear a legend to the effect set forth under "Plan o f d istrib u tio n -- Tran sfer re strictio n s". Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfers and certification requirements discussed under "Plan o f d istrib u tio n -- Transfer re strictio n s".
Transfers of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests to persons wishing to take delivery of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests will at all times be subject to such transfer restrictions.
Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Regulation S Book-Entry Interest only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144A under the Securities Act or any other exemption (if available under the Securities Act) and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the U.S. or any other jurisdiction. Prior to 40 days after the date of initial issuance of the Notes, any sale or transfer of interests to U.S. persons will not be permitted unless the resale or transfer is made pursuant to Rule 144A.
Regulation S Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under "Plan o f d istrib u tio n -- Tra n sfer re strictio n s" and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction.
In connection with transfers involving an exchange of a Regulation S Book-Entry Interest for a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest, appropriate adjustments will be made to reflect a decrease in the principal amount of the Regulation S Global Note and a corresponding increase in the principal amount of the Rule 144A Global Note. Subject to the foregoing, and as set forth in "N otice to in vesto rs" Book-Entry Interests may be transferred and exchanged as described under
"D escription o f Notes-- Transfer and exchange."
Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred and exchanged for Book-Entry Interests in a Global Note only as described under "D escrip tio n o f N otes-- Tra n sfer an d exch a n g e" and, if required, only if the transferor first delivers to the Trustee a written certificate (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer will comply with the appropriate transfer restrictions applicable to such Notes. See "Plan o f d istrib u tio n -- Tran sfer re strictio n s".
