"D escription o f Notes-- Transfer and exchange."
Any Book-Entry Interest in one of the Global Notes that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Book-Entry Interest in any other Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the first mentioned Global Note and become a Book-Entry Interest in such other Global Note, and accordingly will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in such other Global Note for as long as it remains such a Book-Entry Interest.
245
Information concerning Euroclear and Clearstream
All Book-Entry Interests will be subject to the operations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. We have provided the following summaries of those operations and procedures solely for the convenience of investors. The operations and procedures of the settlement system are controlled by the settlement system and may be changed at anytime. Neither we, the Initial Purchasers, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent nor the common depositary are responsible for those operations or procedures.
We understand as follows with respect to Euroclear and Clearstream: Euroclear and Clearstream hold securities for participating organizations. They facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services to their participants, including the safekeeping, administration, clearance, settlement, lending and borrowing of internationally traded securities. Euroclear and Clearstream interface with domestic securities markets. Euroclear and Clearstream participants are financial institutions such as underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream is also available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear and Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly.
Because Euroclear and Clearstream can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of an owner of a beneficial interest to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear and/or Clearstream system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of a definitive certificate for that interest. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests to such persons may be limited. In addition, owners of beneficial interests through the Euroclear or Clearstream systems will receive distributions attributable to the 144A Global Notes only through Euroclear or Clearstream participants.
Global clearance and settlement under the book-entry system
The Notes represented by the Global Notes are expected to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Transfers of interests in the Global Notes between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected in accordance with their respective system's rules and operating procedures.
