Global clearance and settlement under the book-entry system
Although Euroclear and Clearstream currently follow the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Notes among participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or modified at anytime. None of the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers, the Trustee, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar, the Paying Agent or any of their respective agents will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream or their participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.
Initial settlement
Initial settlement for the Notes will be made in euro. Book-Entry Interests owned through Euroclear or Clearstream accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional bonds in registered form. Book-Entry Interests will be credited to the securities custody accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream holders on the business day following the settlement date against payment for value of the settlement date.
We expect that the delivery of the Notes will be made against payment therefor on or about May 23, 2014, which will be the fifth business day following the date of pricing of the Notes
246
(such settlement cycle being herein referred to as "T+5"). Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in three business days unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes on the date of pricing or any of the next succeeding business days will be required to, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will settle T+5, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes on the day of pricing or the next succeeding business day should consult their advisors.
Secondary market trading
The Book-Entry Interests will trade through participants of Euroclear and Clearstream and will settle in same-day funds. Since the purchase determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any Book-Entry Interests where both the purchaser's and the seller's accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
