Total ............................................................................................................
EUR150,000,000 EUR 90,000,000 EUR 60,000,000
EUR300,000,000*·
The Purchase Agreement provides that the Initial Purchasers will purchase all of the Notes being sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement if any of them are purchased.
The Initial Purchasers initially propose to offer the Notes for resale at the issue price that appears on the cover page of this offering memorandum. After the initial offering, the Initial Purchasers may change the offering price and any other selling terms without notice. The Initial Purchasers may offer and sell Notes through certain of their affiliates and agents. Any Initial Purchaser that is not a broker-dealer registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will effect offers to sell and sales of the Notes into the United States or to nationals or residents of the United States only through one or more registered broker-dealers in compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations. One or more of the Initial Purchasers may sell the Notes through affiliates or other appropriately licensed entities in jurisdictions in which they are otherwise not licensed or authorized to make direct sales of the Notes. As Nordea Bank Danmark A/S is not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a U.S. registered broker-dealer, it will effect offers and sales of the Notes solely outside of the United States.
The Purchase Agreement provides that the obligations of the Initial Purchasers to pay for and accept delivery of the Notes are subject to, among other conditions precedent, the delivery of officer's certificates, certain legal opinions and the approval of certain matters by their counsel.
In the Purchase Agreement, we have agreed that:
· We will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of our debt securities having a tenor of more than one year (other than the Notes) for a period through and including the date that is 90 days after the date of this offering memorandum without the prior written consent of J.P. Morgan Securities plc.
· The Issuer and Guarantors will indemnify and hold harmless the Initial Purchasers and their controlling persons and certain other persons against certain liabilities in connection with the Offering, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and contribute to payments that the Initial Purchasers may be required to make in respect of those liabilities.
