The Issuer and the Guarantors have also agreed that they will not at any time offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any securities under circumstances in which such offer, sale, pledge, contract or disposition would cause the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or the safe harbors of Rule 144A and Regulation S to cease to be applicable to the offer and sale of the Notes.
The Notes are a new issue and new class of securities, and there is currently no established trading market for the Notes. In addition, the Notes are subject to certain restrictions on resale and transfer as described under "--Tran sfer re strictio n s" and "N o tice to In ve sto rs." We have applied, through our Luxembourg Listing Agent, to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have the Notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF thereof; however, we cannot assure you that the Notes will be approved for listing or such listing will be maintained.
The Initial Purchasers have advised us that they currently intend to make a market in the Notes as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Any such market-making activity will be, among others, subject to the limits imposed by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. The Initial Purchasers are not obligated to make a market in the Notes and may discontinue any market making in the Notes at any time in their sole discretion. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that a liquid trading market will develop for the Notes, that it will be liquid if it does develop, or that you will be able to sell your Notes at a particular time or that the prices that you receive when you sell will be favorable. See "R isk factors-- Risks relating to an in vestm en t in th e N otes a n d the
250
Guarantees-- There is no established trading m arket fo r the Notes. I f a m arket fo r the N otes does n o t develop, yo u r ability to sell the Notes may be lim ited".
Stabilization
In connection with this Offering, the Stabilizing Manager (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to stabilizing or maintaining the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. Such transaction may include over-allotment, stabilizing bids, syndicate covering transactions or the imposition of penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Over-allotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which creates a short position for the Initial Purchasers. Stabilizing transactions permit bidders to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Covering transactions involve purchase of the Notes in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the Initial Purchasers to reclaim a selling concession from a broker/dealer when the Notes originally sold by that broker dealer are purchased in a stabilizing or covering transaction to cover short positions. These stabilizing transactions, covering transactions and penalty bids may cause the price of the Notes to be higher than it would otherwise be in the absence of these transactions. We nor the Initial Purchasers make no representation that the Stabilizing Manager will undertake any such stabilization action nor with respect to the direction or magnitude of any stabilization action taken. Such stabilization action, if commenced, may begin on or after the date of adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of Notes and may be ended at any time, but must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the date on which the Issuer received the proceeds of the issue and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the Notes. These transactions may be affected in the over-the-counter market or otherwise.
Settlement
It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment therefor on or about the date specified on the cover of this offering memorandum, which will be the fifth business day (as such term is used for purposes of Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act) following the date hereof (such settlement cycle being referred to as "T+5"). Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in three business days unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes on the date of this offering or the next succeeding business day will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will settle in T+5, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement. Purchasers of the Notes who wish to make such trades should consult their own advisors.
