(13) it represents and warrants that (a) either (i) no portion of the assets used by it to acquire and hold the Notes constitutes assets of any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), any plan, individual retirement account, or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code") or provisions under any federal, state, local, non U.S. or other laws or regulations that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code (each, a "Similar Law") or any entity whose underlying assets are considered to include "plan assets" of any such plan, or account, within the meaning of U.S. Department of Labor Regulations, 29 C.F.R. §2510.3 101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise, or (ii) its purchase and holding of the Notes will not constitute a non exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or a violation under any applicable Similar Law; and (b) it will not transfer the Notes to any person or entity, unless such person or entity could itself truthfully make the foregoing representation and warranty.
"Book-entry, delivery and form ".
255
Legal matters
Various legal matters will be passed upon for us by Linklaters LLP, London, United Kingdom, as to matters of U.S. federal, New York state and English law, by Linklaters Advokatbyrå AB, as to matters of Swedish law, by Linklaters LLP, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, as to matters of German law and by Waselius &Wist, as to matters of Finnish law. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the Initial Purchasers by Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, as to matters of U.S. federal and New York state law, by Ashurst LLP, London, United Kingdom, as to matters of English law, by Ashurst Advokatbyrå AB, as to matters of Swedish law, by Ashurst LLP, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, as to matters of German law and by Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd, as to matters of Finnish law.
256
Independent auditors
Our consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 included elsewhere in this offering memorandum, have been audited by Ernst &Young AB, Jakobsbergsgatan 24, 103 99 Stockholm, Sweden, the independent auditors of the Parent Company and the Issuer, as stated in their reports appearing therein.
257
