Our consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 included elsewhere in this offering memorandum, have been audited by Ernst &Young AB, Jakobsbergsgatan 24, 103 99 Stockholm, Sweden, the independent auditors of the Parent Company and the Issuer, as stated in their reports appearing therein.
Enforcement of judgments
The Issuer is organized under the laws of Sweden and the Guarantors are organized under the laws of Sweden, Finland and Germany. None of the directors of the Issuer are residents of the United States, and many of the directors, officers and other executives of the Issuer and the Guarantors are neither residents nor citizens of the United States. All or a substantial portion of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' assets and the assets of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' non-U.S. resident directors and officers are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process in the United States upon the Issuer or the Guarantors or such persons in courts in jurisdictions inside the United States, in each case, in any action, including any actions predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state or territory within the United States despite the fact that, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantors have appointed, or will appoint, an agent for the service of process in New York. In addition, there is doubt as to the enforceability, in original actions brought in courts in jurisdictions located outside the United States, of liabilities predicated upon securities laws of the United States or of any state or territory within the United States. Awards of punitive damages and other types of penalty in actions brought in the United States or elsewhere may be unenforceable in Sweden.
If a judgment is obtained in a U.S. court against the Issuer or any Guarantor, investors will need to enforce such judgment in jurisdictions where the relevant company has assets. Even though the enforceability of U.S. court judgments outside the United States is described below for the countries in which our Guarantors are located, you should consult with your own advisors in any pertinent jurisdictions as needed to enforce a judgment in those countries or elsewhere outside the United States.
Sweden
Pursuant to the provisions of the Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of December 22, 2000 on jurisdiction, recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, as amended (the "Brussels I Regulation"), a judgment entered against a company in the courts of a Member State (as defined therein, i.e., all Member States of the EU) and which is enforceable in such a Member State will be directly enforceable in Sweden only upon the satisfaction of the following requirements: (a) that a motion for enforcement has been filed with and granted by the Svea Court of Appeal in Stockholm as provided by law and has been granted and (b) that the formal requirements in the Brussels I Regulation have been fulfilled. However, upon an appeal against the declaration of enforceability pursuant to the Brussels I Regulation, the Svea Court of Appeal may stay the proceedings.
With regard to the provisions of the 1988 and 2007 Lugano Conventions on the Recognition of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters (the "Lugano Convention"), a judgment entered against a company in the courts of a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention) and which is enforceable in such a state, will be directly enforceable in Sweden only upon the satisfaction of the following requirements: (a) that a motion for enforcement has been filed with the Svea Court of Appeal in Stockholm as provided by law and has been granted; and (b) that the formal requirements in the Lugano Convention have been fulfilled.
Judgments entered against any Swedish party in the courts of a state which is not a member state under the terms of the Brussels I Regulation or a contracting state under the terms of the Lugano Convention (e.g., the United States) would not be recognized or enforceable in Sweden as a matter of law without retrial on the merits. If the party in whose favor the final judgment is rendered brings a new suit before a competent court in Sweden, the party may however submit to the Swedish court the final judgment that has been rendered in the United States. As a starting point, a judgment by a court in the United States will be regarded by a court, administrative tribunal or executive or other public authority of Sweden only as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which the judgment relates, and a Swedish court may choose to rehear the dispute ab initio.
258
