Judgments entered against any Swedish party in the courts of a state which is not a member state under the terms of the Brussels I Regulation or a contracting state under the terms of the Lugano Convention (e.g., the United States) would not be recognized or enforceable in Sweden as a matter of law without retrial on the merits. If the party in whose favor the final judgment is rendered brings a new suit before a competent court in Sweden, the party may however submit to the Swedish court the final judgment that has been rendered in the United States. As a starting point, a judgment by a court in the United States will be regarded by a court, administrative tribunal or executive or other public authority of Sweden only as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which the judgment relates, and a Swedish court may choose to rehear the dispute ab initio.
Finland
Certain guarantors are organized under the laws of Finland. Certain of the directors and members of the Executive Committee of the Guarantors and the Issuer are non-residents of the United States. All or a substantial portion of the assets of such non-resident persons and of the Issuer and the Guarantors are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon such persons or the Issuer or to enforce against them in U.S. courts judgments obtained in such courts.
We have been advised by our Finnish counsel that there is no treaty on the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters between the United States and Finland. Courts in Finland will not automatically recognize and enforce a final judgment rendered by a U.S. court.
Under Finnish law, a Finnish title for execution (i.e., a Finnish court judgment) is required for such recognition and enforcement; in seeking a Finnish court judgment or order to such effect, a judgment of a U.S. court will constitute circumstantial evidence of the questions of fact in the case concerned and evidence of the governing law as applied to the matter in dispute. The application by a Finnish court of foreign law in a matter brought before it is subject to (a) the foreign law not being contrary to such mandatory rules of Finnish law that due to their public nature or general interest would be considered applicable irrespective of the agreed choice of law; and (b) the application of the foreign law not resulting in an outcome contrary to the public policy (ord re pu b lic) of the Finnish legal system.
As to types of damages awarded, punitive or exemplary damages are unenforceable under Finnish law and a Finnish court may only award damages to the extent that they form compensation of actual losses and damages as proven by the claimant. A feature of the Finnish civil procedure is that the burden of proof with respect to any claims presented lies, with certain rare exceptions, with the claimant. A party to legal proceedings in Finland is also ordinarily expected to plead its case primarily on the basis of the evidence in its own possession.
U.S. notions of discovery, including the expectation that broadly defined categories of documents and information in the possession of third parties will be readily accessible for use as evidence, are not recognized under Finnish law. The availability of documentation in the possession of counterparties or third parties is limited, and a party seeking to obtain such documents is required to be able to specify such documents with relative precision. Depositions are also a form of taking evidence unknown to Finnish law. In Finland, witness testimony is usually only taken at a separate oral main hearing (comparable to a U.S. trial) after the preparatory phase of the proceedings.
Enforcement is also subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or moratorium as well as other similar mandatory laws affecting creditor's rights generally.
Germany
