Enforcement is also subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or moratorium as well as other similar mandatory laws affecting creditor's rights generally.
The United States and Germany currently do not have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of court judgments, other than arbitral awards, in civil and commercial matters.
A final and conclusive judgment for payment of a specific amount of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Germany. It may be recognized and enforced by a separate action of exequatur by the competent German courts in accordance with the proceedings set forth by the German Code of Civil Procedure (De. Z ivilp ro zesso rd n u n g ). In such an action, a German court will generally not review the merits of the original matter decided by a U.S. court. A favourable exequatur decision is, however, excluded, if:
 the courts of the state to which the foreign court belongs do not have jurisdiction according to German law;
259
 the judgment was given in default of appearance and the defendant invokes such default or the defendant was not served with the document which instituted the proceedings properly or within sufficient time to enable him to arrange for his or her defense;
 the judgment is irreconcilable with a judgment given in Germany or a previous, recognizable foreign judgment or the proceedings leading to such judgment are irreconcilable with proceedings that were filed (De. rechtshangig) previously;
 such recognition entails results which are obviously irreconcilable with fundamental principles of German law (De. o rd re p u b lic), including without limitation, fundamental rights under the constitution of Germany (De. G ru n d rech te); or
 the reciprocity of enforcement of judgments is not guaranteed. Enforcement and foreclosure based on U.S. judgments may be sought against German defendants after having received an enforcement or exequatur decision from a competent German court in accordance with the above principles. Subject to the foregoing, investors may be able to enforce judgments in Germany in civil and commercial matters obtained from U.S. Federal or state courts. However, even if a U.S. judgment is recognized in Germany, we cannot assure you that those judgments will be enforced under all circumstances. In particular, the remedies need to be of a specific kind and type for which an enforcement procedure exists under German law. Also, if circumstances have arisen after the date on which such foreign judgment became res judicata, a defence against execution may arise. If an original action is brought before a German court, and the court does not decline jurisdiction, the court may apply not only EU and German rules of civil procedure, but also certain substantive provisions of the EU and German law that are regarded as mandatory and may refuse to apply U.S. law provisions, particularly those relating to certain remedies, if the relevant application violates German public policy. Enforcement is also subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization. liquidation or moratorium as well as other similar laws affecting creditor's rights generally. German courts usually deny the recognition and enforcement of punitive damages or any other damages which do not serve a compensatory purpose, such as treble damages. They are regarded to be in conflict with fundamental principles of German law. Moreover, a German court may reduce the amount of damages granted by a U.S. court and recognize damages only to the extent that they are necessary to compensate actual losses or damages. German civil procedure differs substantially from U.S. civil procedure in a number of respects. In as far as the production of evidence is concerned, U.S. law and the laws of several other jurisdictions based on common law provide for pre-trial discovery, a process by which parties to the proceedings may prior to the trial compel the production of documents by adverse or third parties and the deposition of witnesses. Evidence obtained in this manner may be decisive in the outcome of any proceeding. No equivalent pre-trial discovery process exists under German law.
