Summary consolidated financial and other data
The historical financial statement data as o f and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 have been derived from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements o f the Parent Company included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. The historical unaudited financial statement data as o f March 31, 2014 and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. The unaudited summary consolidated financial statements as o f March 31, 2014 and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 have been prepared on a basis consistent with the basis on which our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared and, in the opinion o f our management, include all adjustments, consisting only o f normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation o f such financial statements. These interim results are not necessarily indicative o f results to be expected for the full year. The unaudited summary financial information for the twelve months ended March 31, 2014 were derived from combining the consolidated operating results o f the Parent Company for the twelve months ended December 31, 2013 with the consolidated operating results o f the Parent Company for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and subtracting the consolidated operating results o f the Parent Company for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The unaudited summary financial information for the twelve months ended March 31, 2014 has been prepared solely for the purposes o f this offering memorandum and is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily representative o f our results o f operations for any future period or our financial condition at any future date and is not prepared in the ordinary course o f our financial reporting. See "Presentation o f financial and other data".
The unaudited consolidated pro forma financial data has been derived by applying pro forma adjustments to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum and gives effect to the Refinancing and the use o f proceeds therefrom, as if it had occurred on April 1, 2013 for the pro forma income statement information and on March 31, 2014 for the pro forma balance sheet information. The unaudited consolidated pro forma financial data has not been prepared on the basis o f IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles and is based on available information and certain assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable but may differ from actual amounts. The unaudited consolidated pro forma financial data is for informational purposes only and does not purport to present what our results would actually have been had these transactions occurred on the dates presented or to project our results o f operations or financial position for any future period or our financial condition at any future date.
For more information regarding this financial information, see "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations". This financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this offering memorandum and discussed in "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations".
15
Summary income statement data
Net sales ............................................... Cost of goods sold ............................
Gross profit.................................. Selling expenses................................. Administrative expenses................. Other operating incom e.................
Operating profit.......................... Financial income................................. Financial costs......................................
