F-15
N O TE 1. S U M M A R Y O F S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S
GOevnakeoraGl rinofuoprmABati(ocnorporate registration number 556813-5361) and domiciled in Stockholm is owned by Triako Holdco AB (company registration number 556813-5379), which is the Swedish parent of the group. Triako Holdco AB is 100 % owned by Oven Luxco Sarl in Luxembourg. Triton Fund III controls, directly and indirectly, 83.34% of equity in the Ovako group.
The registered address of both Ovako Group AB and Triako Holdco AB is Box 1721, 111 87 Stockholm, Sweden. Consolidated financial statements have also been prepared for Triako Holdco AB.
The object of the company's business is to own and manage shares in other companies that develop, manufacture and sell steel products, and to engage in related business.
The annual report and consolidated financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2013 were authorised by the Board of Directors for publication on 25 March 2014. The consoli dated and parent company financial statements will be presented to the annual general meeting for adoption on 10 April 2014.
TChheanagcceosutnotaincgcopuonlitciniegs papolpicliieeds a2r0e1t3he same as those applied in the consolidated annual accounts for 2012 with the exception of the following new and amended standards and interpretations applicable from 1 January 2013: IAS 19 Employee benefits - Amendments Sotinhceer cOovmapkorehhaesnsailvreeaidncyormeceo, gthneisaemd eancdtumaerinatlsgtaoinIAsSan1d9 ldoossneost in affect Ovako's reporting of defined benefit pensions to any sig insiftihcaatnttadxeegsraecec. rOuninegimonpapcetntshieonambeennedfimtsesnhtsouhladvebehaindcloundeOdvako in the pension liability The group has already previously taken faocrcpoeunnstioonf tchoesstspeacnidalppeanysrioolnl talixaboinlitipeesn, sbiount tchoesptsroinviasicocnohuanstinngot been recognised as part of the pension liability The amendment tbheeerneforereclamsesaifniesdthfraotmEUacRc6ru.2edmiclloiosntsatto31prDoveiscieomnsbeinrt2h0e1b2ahlas ance sheet for pensions and other post-employment benefits. In cpoanyrnoellcttaioxnhwasithbteheisn, rperveiesewnetda.tioFnroomf 2th0e13grtohuispi'ss rceocsotgonfissepdecaiasl a component of the pension costs instead of social insurance fleiaebsi.litAiensosthheorueldffeaclstoisbtehautstehdefionrteersetsimt raatteedforer tcuarnlcuolnatpinlagnpaesnsseitosn. This has not had any material impact on the financial statements since the plan assets are small. IFRS 13 Fair value measurement Tahndis msteatnhdoadrodlohgaisesbefoernminetarosduruincegdfatoir veasltuaeb,libshutuhnaifsornmotdreesfiunlitteiodns in any change in the valuation of the group's financial assets and flaiaibr ivliatileuse.,TahsedneetawilesdtanindNarodtea1ls3o. introduces new disclosures of TIFhReSa7mFeinndanmceianltIrnesltartuemsetontnse: wDisdcislocslousreusre: -reAqmueirnedmmeenntstsfor offsetting financial assets and liabilities. These are presented in aNnodteli1a3b.iliItniecsohnajusnbcetieonn wreivthietwhiesd, ,pwrehsicehntamteioannsofthdaetrtivhaetivvaeluaessseotfs derivatives that mature later than 12 months from the reporting date have been reclassified to assets and liabilities respectively IAS 1Presentation of financial statements - Amendments fAomr oetnhdemr ceonmtsptroehIAeSns1ivinetriondcoumcee.nIetewmpsretosebnetarteiocnlasresqifiueidreamsepnrtosfit and loss (cash flow hedges in the case of the Ovako group) must b(reevraelpuoarttioend osfeppaernastieolnysfrionmthietecmassethoaft twhiell Onevvaekrobgeroreucpl)a.sTshifiisedhas affected presentation the consolidated statement of comprehen tsoivdeisinticnogmuies,habnedtwheeeanditnhgesseantwdosucba-tteogtaolrsiehsaovfeebneteryn introduced
There are no comments on other changes to IFRS since these have had no significant impact on the consolidated financial state ments. TBhhaaevseicsbooenfespnorliepdpraeatperaadrteifoidnnainncaiaclcsotradtaenmceenwtsitfhorInthteern2a0t1io3nfainlaFnincaianlcyiaelar Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union d(EaUti)onfoRr tFhRe f1inSaunpcpialel myeeanrtabreygAincncinogun1tiJnagnRuualreys2f0o1r3G.rRouepcsomismsueend by the Swedish Financial Reporting Board has also been applied. to Tthheenfienaarnecsitaml siltlaiotne.mAellntinsdaivreidpuraelsfeignuteredsin(ineculruodi(nEgURsu)brotoutnadlsed and totals) are rounded to the nearest million. From the presentation tpheerisrpseucmtivtoet,ailns.dividual figures may not therefore precisely reflect
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical caomsot rbtiasseids. cFoinsta, necxiacleapst sfoertsceanrtdainliafbinilaitniecsiaal raesrseectsogannidseldiabaitlities measured at fair value. Financial assets and liabilities measured at faTihrevaalcuceocuonntisnigstpeonltiicreielys obfedloewrivhaatvivee,su.nless stated otherwise, been applied consistently to all periods presented in the consoli dated financial statements. TtUohnemcapekrreteapjiunadrtaygtreioemnlaetoneftdsth,toeejfsuintdimagnaectmeiasel nasnttasdteinamstsehunemtssptartetioeqnmusireetnhstasmt aafnfeacgtetmheent reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as wEesltlimasatoetshearnddisrecllaotseudreass.sumptions are based on historical experience and many other factors believed to represent the best aouvatciloambleespmaraaymdeiftfeerrsffroormmtheeaseusrtiinmgaatesss.eTtsheanedstliimabaitleitisesa.nAdcjutudagl e ments discussed in this section are those judged most important to understanding the group's financial statements. Impairment testing Ttehsetecdatrorydinegtearmmionuenwtshoefththeer tghreoruepi'ssannoyni-ncduircraetniotnasosfeitmspaareirment loss when events or changes in circumstance indicate that the cisatrhreyinhgighaemrooufntthweilal snsoett'bsefareircvoavlueeredle.sTshceosretscotovesreallbalendamvaoluunet in use. Value in use is measured as the discounted future cash flows wexhpicehcttehde taosaseritsebefrloonmgsth.eNaosisnedticoarttihoenscaosfhsiggennifeicraatnint gimupnaitirtmo ent in the group's non-current assets were found during the financial yseheaertT. here is no goodwill recognised in the consolidated balance PPeennssiioonn bbeenneeffiitt aobssliugmatpiotniosnasre based on actuarial valuations. A discount rate is used to measure the present value of the defined obnecneefaityoebalirgfaotrioanllsp. TlahnessienaesascuhmcpotuionntrsyaOrethaesrsaessssuemdpattiolenass,t which may relate to demographic factors such as age of retire fmreeqnut,emntolyrtaanlidtyurastueasllyanbdaseemdpolonypeeubtulicrnsotvaetirstaicres irneveiaecwhedcoluensstry. VVaalluuaattiioonnsooffininvveenntotorireiess contain estimates of net realisable value and assumptions pertaining to cost distribution and normal capacity, which may affect the carrying amount. TBsthaaesteicsmooenfnsoctsolidnoafstotehldiedfapintaiaorennnctiaclosmtapteamnyenOtsvackoomGprroisueptAheBfainnadncalilal companies in which the parent directly or indirectly holds more tehxaenrt5s0c%onotrfovllointignginrfilguhetnscoer., on another basis, directly or indirectly
