You should base your decision to invest in the Notes solely on the information contained in this offering memorandum. We have not, and J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Nordea Bank Danmark A/S and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (collectively, the "Initial Purchasers") have not, authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different from the information contained herein. You must not rely on unauthorized information or representations. You should not assume that the information contained in this offering memorandum is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front cover of this offering memorandum. We are not, and the Initial Purchasers are not, making an offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer is not permitted. Neither the delivery of this offering memorandum at any time after the date of publication nor any subsequent commitment to purchase the Notes shall, under any circumstances, create an implication that there has been no change in the information set forth in this offering memorandum or in the Group's business since the date of this offering memorandum. References to any website contained herein do not form part of this offering memorandum.
The information contained in this offering memorandum under the caption "Exchange rates" includes extracts from information and data publicly released by official and other sources. We accept no responsibility for the accuracy of such information. We assume responsibility for the correct reproduction and extraction of such information.
The information set out in relation to sections of this offering memorandum describing clearing arrangements, including the section entitled "Book-entry, delivery and form", is subject to any change in, or reinterpretation of, the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream currently in effect. Euroclear and Clearstream are not under any obligation to perform or continue to perform under such clearing arrangements and such arrangements may be modified or discontinued by any of them at any time. Neither the Issuer, the Group nor any of their agents nor the Trustee or the Security Agent will have responsibility for the performance of
ii
the respective obligations of Euroclear and Clearstream or their respective participants. Investors wishing to use these clearing systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of these arrangements.
By receiving this offering memorandum, you acknowledge that (1) you have been afforded an opportunity to request from us, and to review, and that you have received all additional information considered by you to be necessary to verify the accuracy of, or to supplement, the information contained herein, (2) you have not relied on the Initial Purchasers or any person affiliated with the Initial Purchasers in connection with any investigation of the accuracy of such information or your investment decision and (3) we have not authorized any person to deliver any information different from that contained in this offering memorandum.
The information contained in this offering memorandum has been furnished by us and other sources we believe to be reliable. We accept responsibility for the information contained in this offering memorandum. To the best of our knowledge and belief, having taken all reasonable care to ensure such is the case, the information contained in this offering memorandum is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The Initial Purchasers make no representations or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information set forth in this offering memorandum, and you should not rely on anything contained in this offering memorandum as a promise or representation, whether as to the past or the future. This offering memorandum contains summaries, believed to be accurate, of the terms we consider material of certain documents, but reference is made to the actual documents. All such summaries are qualified in their entirety by this reference.
The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold, except as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. As a prospective investor, you should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. Please refer to the sections in this offering memorandum entitled "Plan o f distribution" and "Notice to investors".
The Notes will be available initially only in book-entry form. We expect that the Notes sold pursuant to this offering memorandum will be issued in the form of one or more global notes, which will be deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream. Beneficial interests in the global notes will be shown on, and transfers of beneficial interests in the global notes will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream and their direct and indirect participants, as applicable. After the initial issuance of the global notes, Notes in certificated form will be issued in exchange for the global notes only as set forth in the Indenture. See "Book-entry, delivery and form".
