352.5
Fair value
252.7 8.9 0.3
261.9
14.9 3.6 84.8 12.5 115.8 377.7
DIneforirvmataivteiosnaoren mmeeaassuurreedmaetnftaimr veatlhuoed. sLeotacn:s and receivables and other financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost. Interest bearing liabilities are recognised net of deferred financing costs, i.e. at amortised cost, see also Note 21. Available for sale financial assets include unlisted equities which are measured at acquisi tion value.
Information on the fair value of financial a s s e ts and liabilities:
Fair value of loans and receivables and other financial liabilities: For cash and cash equivalents, and for current receivables and liabilities, the fair value is considered to be equal to the carry ing amount. The fair value of interest-bearing liabilities has been calculated based on the discounted value of future payments, including interest and amortisation. In the calculation, manage ment has found no reason to presume changes have occurred in the interest margin that existed when the loans were raised. The difference between the carrying amount and fair value of non-current interest-bearing debt is primarily due to the deferred financing costs which reduced the carrying amount. Fair values of available for sale financial assets: Available for sale financial assets include unlisted equities which are measured at acquisition value and for which information on fair value cannot be reliably estimated.
Fair value of derivatives for hedge accounting: The fair value of derivatives is estimated with reference to quoted market prices. When such parameters are unavailable, a discounted cash flow analysis is performed using the applica ble yield curve for the duration of the derivative and alternative pricing models for comparable derivatives. Foreign currency derivatives are estimated using the quoted exchange rate and the yield curve from a quoted interest rate that matches the contract maturity date. Interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and discounted based on a suitable yield curve from a listed stock exchange.
