15.6
NOTE 23. FIN AN CIAL R IS K M AN AGEM EN T
The group is exposed to various types of financial risks including market risks, liquidity and refinancing risks and credit and counterparty risks.
The group's finance policy, adopted by the Board of Directors, provides guidance on managing these financial risks. The pur pose of the policy is to establish general financial targets, alloca tion of responsibilities and threshold limits in respect of financial risks, and to describe actions that can be taken to mitigate these financial risks within the framework of strategic and operational financial risk management of the group and its business units.
The main objective of group financial risk management is to mitigate the adverse impacts of financial risks on consolidated earnings, cash flows and equity and to assure adequate liquidity.
The group shall not engage in hedging transactions or financial transactions that are unrelated to operating activities or may otherwise be regarded as inappropriate management of the group's financial exposure. Purely speculative financial transac tions are not permitted.
The majority of the group's financial transactions and financial risk management are managed centrally through group treasury.
MMaarrkkeett rriisskkis the risk of market changes in interest rates and exchange rates or other prices that affect the group's revenues and/or financial position. Foreign currency risk Foreign currency risk is the risk of changes in exchange rates that adversely affect the company's earnings, equity and competitive ness. Currency risk is treated as translation exposure or transac tion exposure.
Translation exposure arises from translation of currencies in subsidiaries' financial statements to the group's presentation currency. Translations that cause fluctuations in consolidated equity comprise investments in subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the euro (EUR). Since all major subsidiaries, including those in Sweden, use the euro as their functional currency translation exposure is very limited.
