MMaarrkkeett rriisskkis the risk of market changes in interest rates and exchange rates or other prices that affect the group's revenues and/or financial position. Foreign currency risk Foreign currency risk is the risk of changes in exchange rates that adversely affect the company's earnings, equity and competitive ness. Currency risk is treated as translation exposure or transac tion exposure.
Transaction exposure arises from exchange rate changes in net cash flow from business transactions in currencies other than the functional currency. These changes affect profit and loss and the balance sheet continually throughout the year The group's borrowings are denominated in EUR and are intended to act as hedges against anticipated operating inflows in euro. Other currency flows that arise in connection with purchases and sales are short-term in nature.
Ovako is exposed to currency risk because the group's functional currency is the EUR, while a portion of revenues and a large share of expenses are denominated in other currencies. The greatest currency risk is linked to the Swedish krona (SEK) primarily because a large part of Ovako's production costs are in SEK. Appreciation of the Swedish krona by 10% in relation to the euro would have an estimated annualised negative impact on consolidated operating profit of approximately EUR 19 (19) million based on 2013 (2012) sales and not taking into account foreign exchange hedges.
Most of Ovako group's sales are in euro. The currency split for sales in 2013 was approximately as follows: 61 (62) % EUR, 28 (28) % SEK and 11 (10) % other currencies (mainly GBP and USD). The underlying purchase prices of key raw materials, such as iron scrap and alloys, are set in global or European markets and the functional purchasing currency is thus USD or EUR, even if the actual purchase may be invoiced in SEK.
Management may from time to time decide to hedge contractual net exposures from sales and purchases in currencies other than the functional currency to hedge margins. No currency deriva tives have existed for most of 2013 (or in 2012), but in November 2013 the group signed a foreign exchange forward contract that hedges approximately 37% of the estimated net outflow in SEK during 2014, with a total value of approximately EUR 75 million. Hedge accounting is applied and the currency derivatives are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges, where the initial gross flows in SEK amounting to a certain amount are hedged each month. Further information is provided in Note 13. Interest rate risk Interest rate risk refers to the risk that changes in market rates will have an adverse impact on consolidated earnings. At 31 De cember 2013, the group had one interest rate swap with a value of EUR 150 million at fixed rates, which will mature in 2014. In the previous year the group also had an additional interest rate swap of EUR 120 million that matured in 2013. An increase in market interest rates of 100 basis points (1 percentage) would impact total comprehensive income for the year before tax by EUR 1.4 (3.8) million as a result of revaluation of the interest rate swap. Hedge accounting is applied since interest rate derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges. Further information is provided in Note 13. Electricity price risk Electricity price risk refers to the risk that changes in market prices for electricity will have an adverse impact on consolidated earnings.
The group's normal annual consumption of electricity is approximately 1 TWh. To mitigate price volatility that causes fluctuations in cash flows and earnings, the group uses hedging measures by which portions of the variable price of electricity are transferred to a fixed price, as well as purchase contracts with a fixed price. At year-end 2013, anticipated future electricity consumption was hedged as follows: 57 % for 2014 and 38 % for 2015. Of these hedging measures, electricity derivates account for 42 and 28 percent respectively, whereas fixed price contracts account for 15 and 10 percent respectively. The cash flow from the electricity derivatives amounts to EUR 16.2 million and EUR 10.6 million, respectively, during 2014 and 2015. A rise of 10% in the price of electricity compared to the price at 31 December 2013 would have an impact on Ovako's comprehensive income, before tax, of approximately EUR 2.1 (3.6) million due to revaluation of the derivatives.
The group uses hedge accounting for electricity derivatives since these have been designated as cash flow hedges. Further information is provided in Note 13.
F-33
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
