To the annual meeting of the shareh o ld ers of O vako Group A B , corporate identity num ber 556813-5361
We have audited the annual accounts and consolidated accounts of Ovako Group AB for the year 1January 2013 - 31 December 2013. The annual accounts and consolidated accounts of the company are included in the printed version of this document on pages 25-59. Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the CEO for the annual accounts and consolidated accounts The Board of Directors and the CEO are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these annual accounts in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act and of the consolidat ed accounts in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards , as adopted by the EU, and the Annual Accounts Act, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors and the CEO determine is necessary to enable the preparation of annu al accounts and consolidated accounts that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error
Act. The consolidated accounts have been prepared in accord ance with the Annual Accounts Act and present fairly, in all mate rial respects, the financial position of the group as of 31 Decem ber 2013 and of their financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Report ing Standards, as adopted by the EU, and the Annual Accounts Act. The statutory administration report is consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts.
We therefore recommend that the annual meeting of sharehold ers adopt the income statement and balance sheet for the parent company and the group. RIneapdodrtitioonn otothoeurrlaeguadlitaonfdthreegaunlnautoarl yacrecqouuinrtesmaenndtsconsolidated accounts, we have also audited the proposed appropriations of the company's profit or loss and the administration of the Board of Directors and the CEO of Ovako Group AB for the financial year 1 January 2013 - 31 December 2013.
Auditor's responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these annual accounts and consolidated accounts based on our audit. We con ducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the annual accounts and consolidated accounts are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evi dence about the amounts and disclosures in the annual accounts and consolidated accounts. The procedures selected depend on the auditor'sjudgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the annual accounts and consoli dated accounts, whether due to fraud or error In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the company's preparation and fair presentation of the annu al accounts and consolidated accounts in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonable ness of accounting estimates made by the Board of Directors and the CEO, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the annu al accounts and consolidated accounts.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions. Opinions In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accord ance with the Annual Accounts Act and present fairly, in all materi al respects, the financial position of the parent company as of 31 December 2013 and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with the Annual Accounts
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the CEO The Board of Directors is responsible for the proposal for appro priations of the company's profit or loss, and the Board of Direc tors and the CEO are responsible for administration under the Companies Act. Auditor's responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion with reasonable assur ance on the proposed appropriations of the company's profit or loss and on the administration based on our audit. We conducted the audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing stand ards in Sweden.
As a basis for our opinion on the Board of Directors' proposed appropriations of the company's profit or loss, we examined whether the proposal is in accordance with the Companies Act.
