Basis of consolidation The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the parent company Ovako Group AB and all companies in which the parent directly or indirectly holds more than 50% ofvoting rights or, on another basis, directly or indirectly exerts controlling influence.
Associates are companies in which the Ovako group holds more than 20% ofvoting rights or over which the group otherwise has significant but not controlling influence. At the end of the year, Ovako had one asso ciate in which the equity interest exceeded 20%. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method. The share of the profits or losses of associates is recognised in profit and loss and the share of total equity constitutes the value of the investment in the balance sheet.
Foreign currency translation Transactions are recorded in the functional currency of the respective unit. The functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment (determined e.g. through the prices of its goods and services) in which group companies operate.
Transactions in foreign currencies (other than the functional currency) are translated at the exchange rate in effect at the transaction date. Mon etary assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the closing rate. Exchange gains and losses arising upon translation are recognised in profit and loss. Exchange gains and losses related to trade receivables or trade payables are treated as adjustments to the respective item and included in operating profit and loss. Exchange differences related to financing are included in finance income and expense. Non monetary items are translated at the rate in effect at the transaction date.
In the consolidated financial statements, the income statements of foreign subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the group's presentation currency have been translated to E U R at the average rate for the reporting period. The balance sheets of subsidiaries have been translated to EU R at the closing rate. Foreign currency translation differ ences arising from translations of income statements and balance sheets are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve, which is a separate component of equity. Foreign currency translation differences arising from the transla tion of net investments in foreign subsidiaries are also transferred to the translation reserve via other comprehensive income.
F-49
CONSOLiDATED FiNANCiAL STATEMENTS
The exchange rates used in the consolidated financial statements for trans lations of the balance sheets and income statements of subsidiaries are:
Closing rate
