Property, plant and equipment Items of property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost adjusted for cumulative depreciation and impairment, if any. Borrowing costs directly attributable to the asset are capitalised as a component o f cost if the time required to bring the asset to working condition for its intended use or sale is material. In accordance with Ovako's definitions, borrowing costs are capitalised for capital expenditures amounting to at least E U R 20 million and which are expected to take at least 12 months to complete. There were no capital expenditures in 2012 (2011: None) for which bor rowing costs were capitalised. The cost of self-constructed assets includes expenditures for materials, direct payroll costs and a reasonable share of production-related overheads. To the extent assets consist of components with material differences in useful lives, they are depreciated separately using `component depreciation'. Expenditures for major repairs and main tenance are included in the carrying amount of the asset and depreciated over the remaining useful life to the extent they increase the economic benefit derived from the asset. Customary expenditures for repairs and maintenance are recognised as an expense as incurred. Items o f property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset to an estimated residual value. Estimated useful lives are:
10-40 years 15-20 years
3-5 years 3-10 years
Residual values and estimated useful lives of items o f property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each reporting date. If they differ materially from earlier estimates, they are adjusted to the new estimate. Capital gains or losses arising from the disposal of items of property, plant and equipment are recognised in other operating income or expense.
Government grants and comparable assistance Government grants and comparable assistance are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which the underlying expenses are incurred. The group received no significant government grants during the report ing period. Group companies that are parties to the EU emission trad ing scheme have been allotted emissions credits with no performance requirements attached.
Intangible assets Ovako's intangible assets comprise mainly software, licences, trademarks and comparable rights. These intangible assets are recognised in the balance sheet at cost less cumulative amortisation and impairment losses. Intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset to an estimated residual value. The estimated useful life of intangible assets is normally between 5 and 10 years. Residual values and estimated useful lives of items of intangible assets are reviewed at each reporting date. I f they differ materially from earlier estimates, they are adjusted to the new estimate.
Research and development costs Research costs are recognised in profit and loss as incurred. The group has no development costs that meet the criteria for capitalisation under IAS 38 Intangible Assets.
Impairment of assets Annually on the reporting date, the carrying amount of consolidated goodwill, if any, is assessed and an impairment loss recognised if the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. At 31 December 2012 no consolidated goodwill (2011: None) had been recognised in the balance sheet. The group's other non-current assets are assessed annu ally to determine whether there any indications of impairment. If such indications are found, the recoverable amount o f the asset is estimated. The recovery value is the higher of net realisable value and value in use. Value in use is the present value of future cash flows expected to arise for an asset or cash generating unit containing goodwill. An impairment loss is recognised when the carrying amount of an asset or cash generat ing unit exceeds the recoverable amount. Within the Ovako group, the recoverable amount is based on value in use and calculated at the cash generating unit level or the individual asset level when it is possible to identify separate cash flows for the asset.
Leases Determination of whether an agreement is, or contains, a lease depends upon the substance o f the agreement when it is made; whether perfor mance of the contract depends on the use of a specific asset or assets or if the agreement conveys a right to control the asset, even if the right is not explicitly laid out in the agreement. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers to the lessee substantially all risks and rewards incident to ownership o f the leased property. Finance leases are initially recognised in the balance sheet at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Assets held under finance leases are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or the life of the asset. Leases in which the lessor substantially retains all risks and rewards incident to ownership are classified as operating leases. Lease payments for operating leases are recognised as an expense in profit and loss over the lease term on a straight-line basis.
