Impairment of assets Annually on the reporting date, the carrying amount of consolidated goodwill, if any, is assessed and an impairment loss recognised if the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. At 31 December 2012 no consolidated goodwill (2011: None) had been recognised in the balance sheet. The group's other non-current assets are assessed annu ally to determine whether there any indications of impairment. If such indications are found, the recoverable amount o f the asset is estimated. The recovery value is the higher of net realisable value and value in use. Value in use is the present value of future cash flows expected to arise for an asset or cash generating unit containing goodwill. An impairment loss is recognised when the carrying amount of an asset or cash generat ing unit exceeds the recoverable amount. Within the Ovako group, the recoverable amount is based on value in use and calculated at the cash generating unit level or the individual asset level when it is possible to identify separate cash flows for the asset.
Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value, where cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis. The weighted average cost method is used when it provides a more reliable picture of certain types of inventory items. The cost of finished goods and work in progress includes the cost of materials, direct labour, other direct costs and an allocation o f allocatable indirect costs based on normal capacity. The net realisable value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs for completion and costs to sell.
Short-term employee benefits Short-term employee benefits are calculated without discounting and are recognised as a cost when the related services are rendered. A provision is reported for the expected cost o f bonus payments when the group has a present legal or constructive obligation to make such payments due to services being rendered by employees and the commitment can be reliably calculated.
Post-employment benefits Ovako has both defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans. Plans are classified as defined contribution pension plans when the group's obligations are limited to the amount that the company has agreed to pay. Pension expenses for the defined contribution plans are recognised in profit and loss as the employees perform their services. Obligations are calculated without discounting as payments for all these plans are due within 12 months.
The Projected Unit Credit Method is applied to calculate allocations to defined benefit plans, which in summary means that each period o f service gives rise to a component that contributes to the final total obligation and that each such component is measured independently to build up the amount of the obligation at the end of the reporting period. The obligation is discounted to a present value at the end o f the reporting period, from which the fair value of any plan assets is deducted.
F-50
CONSOLIDATED FiNANCiAL STATEMENTS
In addition, the calculations are affected by actuarial assumptions, such as mortality rates, employee turnover rates and estimated salary trends. Actuarial gains and losses arise when an assumption changes or when actual outcome deviates from the assumption. Actuarial gains and losses are recognised in comprehensive income for the year.
The discount rate used to calculate the present value o f defined benefit obligations outside Sweden is the yield on high-quality corporate bonds or government bonds with a similar maturity as the obligation. Pension liabilities in Sweden account for approximately 89 percent o f the group's pension benefits obligations, and secured housing bonds are used to establish the discounting rate for this liability.
