In addition, the calculations are affected by actuarial assumptions, such as mortality rates, employee turnover rates and estimated salary trends. Actuarial gains and losses arise when an assumption changes or when actual outcome deviates from the assumption. Actuarial gains and losses are recognised in comprehensive income for the year.
When there is a difference between how pension expenses are determined in a legal entity and in the group, a provision or receivable is recognised for special employer's contribution based on this difference. No present value is calculated for the provision or receivable.
Share-based payments The group currently has no share-based incentive programmes.
Provisions A provision is recognised when the group has a present legal or con structive obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be estimated reliably. The expected future cash flow is discounted to calculate provisions when the time value of money is material. A provision for restructuring will be recognised only if the group has adopted a detailed formal plan and the restructuring has either com menced or been publicly announced.
Income taxes The group's recognised tax expense comprises tax on the taxable income of group companies for the period and adjustments, if any, for taxes for previous periods and changes in deferred tax. Current income taxes are calculated based on the tax rates and tax rules in effect in each country. Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities are calculated using the balance sheet method based on temporary differences between the carrying amounts and fiscal amounts of assets and liabilities. The most significant temporary differences arise from non-current assets, unutilised loss carry forwards, unrealised intra-group gains and provisions. Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities are determined at the rates in effect for the period when the asset is realised or the liability paid based on tax rates (and legislation) enacted or announced at the reporting date. The effects of deferred tax assets and tax liabilities recognised in other comprehensive income are recognised according to the same prin ciples. Income tax is recognised in profit and loss for the year, except when the underlying transaction is recognised in other comprehensive income or equity, in which case the tax effect is recognised in other comprehen sive income or equity.
Revenue recognition Revenue from goods sold is recognised when the seller has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods. Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration that has been or will be received, less VAT,discounts and returns. Interest, dividends and royalties are recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits of the transaction will flow to the enterprise and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably.
Financial assets and liabilities A financial asset or financial liability is recognised on the balance sheet when the company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. A receivable is recognised when the company has performed a service/supplied a product and the counterparty is contractually obliged to pay, even if an invoice has not yet been sent. Accounts receivable are
entered on the balance sheet when an invoice is sent. A liability is entered when the counterparty has rendered a service or supplied a product and there is a contractual obligation to pay, even if an invoice has not yet been received. Accounts payable are recognised when an invoice is received. A financial asset is removed from the balance sheet when the rights in the agreement are realised, expire, or the company loses control of them. The same applies to part of a financial asset. A financial liability is removed from the balance sheet when the obligation in the agreement is fulfilled or otherwise expires. The same applies to part of a financial liability. Pur chases and sales of derivatives are recognised on the trade date.
Financial instruments are initially recognised at acquisition cost corre sponding to the fair value of the instrument, plus transaction costs, except for derivatives, for which transaction costs are immediately expensed. A financial instrument is classified on initial recognition based on, among other things, the purpose for which it was acquired. A ll financial assets and liabilities are classified into the following categories: · Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit
