entered on the balance sheet when an invoice is sent. A liability is entered when the counterparty has rendered a service or supplied a product and there is a contractual obligation to pay, even if an invoice has not yet been received. Accounts payable are recognised when an invoice is received. A financial asset is removed from the balance sheet when the rights in the agreement are realised, expire, or the company loses control of them. The same applies to part of a financial asset. A financial liability is removed from the balance sheet when the obligation in the agreement is fulfilled or otherwise expires. The same applies to part of a financial liability. Pur chases and sales of derivatives are recognised on the trade date.
and loss: Ovako has no financial instruments classified in this category. The sub-category of financial instruments held for trading includes derivatives not used for hedge accounting. Ovako currently has no financial instruments classified in this category. · Held to maturity investments: Ovako has no financial instruments classified in this category. · Loan receivables and trade receivables: Ovako's trade receivables, other receivables, and cash and cash equivalents are included in this category. · Available-for-sale financial assets: This category comprises financial assets that are not classified in any other category, such as equities and investments in both listed and non-listed companies. This category includes Ovako's shares in unlisted companies.
Loans and receivables
Loans and receivables include assets arising on transfer of cash, goods or services to a debtor. They are included as current or non-current depend ing on the maturity date. Loans issued by the group are recognised at amortised cost. An impairment of a loan or receivable is recognised when there is objective evidence of impairment. Such indications may be absent or delayed payments, significant financial difficulties o f the debtor, or that it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation. Trade receivables are recognised at the original amount billed less any impairment losses. The valuation of impaired loans is based on the estimated credit risk of each item on the reporting date.
Cash and bank balances
Cash and bank balances include liquid bank balances and cash in hand as well as short-term bank deposits with a remaining maturity from acquisi tion date of three months or less.
Available-for-sale financial assets
Ovako's financial assets available for sale include unlisted equities, for which fair value cannot be determined reliably. These are valued at cost less any impairment losses.
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
