Ovako's financial assets available for sale include unlisted equities, for which fair value cannot be determined reliably. These are valued at cost less any impairment losses.
Accounts payable and loans payable are classified as other financial liabilities. Accounts payable are short-term and are measured without dis counting at nominal value. Loans payable are classified as other financial liabilities, which means they are recognised at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Borrowing costs, etc.
Loan arrangement costs are capitalised over the term of the loan and recognised as prepayments that reduce interest-bearing-liabilities. Charges paid for loan commitments are reported as transaction costs for borrowing to the extent it is probable that all or part of the credit limit will be utilised. In such cases, the charge is reported when the credit limit is utilised. When there is no evidence that it is probable that all or part
F-51
CONSOLIDATED FiNANCiAL STATEMENTS
of the credit limit will be utilised, the charge is reported as a prepayment for financial services and allocated over the maturity of the relevant loan commitment.
Derivatives and hedge accounting Financial derivatives are classified either as hedging instruments or instruments measured at fair value through profit and loss. Derivatives are initially measured at cost and subsequent to initial recognition are measured at fair value at each reporting date. The fair value of electricity forwards and interest rate swaps is based on observable market data at the reporting date. Ovako had no currency forwards in the balance sheet at the end of the year. The group applies hedge accounting for forward contracts related to electricity prices and interest rate swaps that meet the hedging criteria defined in IAS 39. Changes in the value of hedging instruments that are part of an effective cash flow hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and shown in the hedge reserve in equity, while hedge ineffectiveness is recognised immediately in profit and loss. The cumulative change in value of such derivatives is transferred to net profit or loss in the same period as the hedged item affects profit and loss.
Future accounting policies The following describes the new IFRSs that will have, or are expected to have, an impact on the consolidated financial statements. The new IFRSs published by the IASB on 31 December 2012 and that are not described below are not expected to have any effect on the consolidated financial statements. Ovako does not intend to apply the new IFR Ss early.
