Derivatives and hedge accounting Financial derivatives are classified either as hedging instruments or instruments measured at fair value through profit and loss. Derivatives are initially measured at cost and subsequent to initial recognition are measured at fair value at each reporting date. The fair value of electricity forwards and interest rate swaps is based on observable market data at the reporting date. Ovako had no currency forwards in the balance sheet at the end of the year. The group applies hedge accounting for forward contracts related to electricity prices and interest rate swaps that meet the hedging criteria defined in IAS 39. Changes in the value of hedging instruments that are part of an effective cash flow hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and shown in the hedge reserve in equity, while hedge ineffectiveness is recognised immediately in profit and loss. The cumulative change in value of such derivatives is transferred to net profit or loss in the same period as the hedged item affects profit and loss.
IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures - Amendments
Amendments to IFR S 7 introduce new disclosure requirements for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities. The new disclosure requirements mean that disclosure must be provided for financial assets and financial liabilities have been offset in the balance sheet. Disclosure should also be provided for financial assets and financial liabilities subject to various types of framework agreement or similar agreements allowing setoff, whether they are offset or not. The amendments enter into force on 1 January 2013 and will also apply to interim reports during the first year. The amendments have been approved by the EU. The group has identified the financial instruments affected by these new disclosure requirements. The amendments have no substantive impact on amounts in the financial statements.
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
IFRS 9 is a new standard that is being developed to replace IAS 39 Fi nancial Instruments: Classification and measurement. The first part of the revision of the standard has been published and relates to the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. IFRS 9 con tains two primary measurement categories for financial assets: fair value or amortised cost. Classification is determined at initial recognition based on the group's business model and the contractual cash flows characteristics. For financial liabilities there are no major changes compared to IAS 39. The biggest change relates to liabilities that are designated at fair value. In these cases, the portion of the fair value change that is attributable to its own credit risk is recognised in other comprehensive income rather than profit and loss, unless this causes inconsistencies in the statements. The standard is currently expected to take effect not earlier than 1 January 2015. The EU has not yet approved the standard. Until all parts of the standard are complete the group has chosen not to evaluate the impact of the new standard.
IFRS 10 Consolidated financialstatements
IFRS 10 replaces the section of IAS 27 relating to presentation of consolidated accounts. The treatment of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates in separate financial statements will remain in IAS 27. IFRS 10 builds on existing principles as it identifies control as the determining
factor for assessing whether a company should be included in the con solidated financial statements. The standard provides additional guidance to assist in the determination o f control where this is difficult to assess. The standard is effective from 1 January 2013, but the E U has decided to postpone the first application to 1January 2014. The introduction of IFR S 10 is not expected to affect which companies the group currently consolidates, but may affect the assessment of which companies will be consolidated in the future.
IFRS 12 Disclosure o f interests in other entities
