factor for assessing whether a company should be included in the con solidated financial statements. The standard provides additional guidance to assist in the determination o f control where this is difficult to assess. The standard is effective from 1 January 2013, but the E U has decided to postpone the first application to 1January 2014. The introduction of IFR S 10 is not expected to affect which companies the group currently consolidates, but may affect the assessment of which companies will be consolidated in the future.
IFRS 12 includes disclosure requirements for subsidiaries, joint arrange ments, associates and unconsolidated structured entities. The standard is effective from 1January 2013, but the E U has decided to postpone the first application to 1 January 2014. The introduction of IFR S 12 is expected to affect the disclosures currently provided for subsidiaries. However, the group has not yet assessed the way in which disclosures may be affected.
IFRS 13 Fair value measurement
IFR S 13 contains uniform rules for measuring fair value where other standards permit or require reporting or disclosure of fair values. The standard is designed to ensure that fair value measurement will be more consistent and less complex in that the standard provides a precise defini tion and a common framework of IFR S fair value measurement and associated disclosures. The standard is effective from 1January 2013 and the EU has approved the standard. The group considers that the introduc tion of IFRS 13 will not affect the measurement at fair value, i.e. how the value is calculated, but the introduction of IFRS 13 will require additional disclosures about fair value in both interim reports and the annual report.
IAS 1 Presentation of financialstatements - Amendments
Amendments to IAS 1 introduce new presentation requirements for other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income is changed so that items to be reclassified as profit and loss must be reported separately from items that will never be reclassified. The amendments enter into force for the financial year beginning 1 July 2012 or later and have been approved by the EU. Based on the changes in value recognised in other comprehensive income, the group will be affected in that there will be both items reclassified to profit and loss (cash flow hedging) and items not reclassified to profit and loss (revaluation of pensions, see below).
IAS 19 Employee benefits - Amendments
Amendments to IAS 19 provide, among other things, new accounting principles for defined benefit pension plans. The corridor approach and the ability to immediately recognise actuarial gains and losses disappear. In addition, the interest rate for calculating pension liabilities must also be used for estimated returns on pension assets. Furthermore, revalua tions are recognised in other comprehensive income, i.e. actuarial gains and losses and the difference between actual and expected returns on pension assets must be recognised in other comprehensive income. The amendments enter into force for financial years commencing 1January 2013 or later and have been approved by the EU. Within the group there are defined benefit pension plans and the group has already chosen to recognise actuarial gains and losses directly in other comprehensive income. However, the amendments introduced in IAS 19 with regard to the calculation o f pensions will mean some changes, and the revaluation that will in future be recognised in other comprehensive income will not have exactly the same composition as previously recognised.
F-52
