Notes:
19
Risk factors
An investment in the Notes involves a high degree o f risk. Prospective investors in the Notes should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this offering memorandum before investing in the Notes.
We believe that the following factors, individually or together, may affect our ability to fulfill our obligations under the Notes. Some o f these factors are contingencies and we are not in a position to express a view on the likelihood o f any such contingency occurring or not occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose o f assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also described below. If any o f the risks described below materializes, our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results o f operations, and accordingly the trading price o f the Notes, may be materially adversely affected. If that were to happen, the trading price o f the Notes may decline or we may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes and you may lose all or part o f your investment.
We believe that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but our inability to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes or otherwise perform our obligations under the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered material risks by us based on information currently available to us or for reasons which we may not currently be able to anticipate. You should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this offering memorandum and reach your own views prior to making any investment decision.
The order in which the risk factors are presented does not necessarily reflect the likelihood o f their occurrence or the magnitude o f their potential impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows, results o f operations or on the trading price o f the Notes.
Risks relating to our business and industry
We operate in a cyclical industry and our financial performance is sensitive to adverse changes in the European and global economic conditions.
