Risks relating to our business and industry
The global engineering steel industry is cyclical in nature. Demand and price for engineering steel products are sensitive to even small changes, both actual or in sentiment, of gross domestic product ("GDP") and industrial production growth, which as has occurred previously, may lead to a materially disproportionate corresponding decline in our volumes sold. The global engineering steel industry is more cyclical than GDP, which means that declines in our volumes sold are typically larger than the corresponding decline in GDP and industrial production. GDP growth and industrial production growth are significant drivers of the end markets in which our customers operate, in particular the automotive and transportation, the other engineering, the mining, the oil & gas exploration and extraction equipment and the energy production industries. Adverse changes in the European and global macroeconomic conditions directly affect demand for engineering steel products and therefore our sales volumes which are key drivers of our results of operations. In the event of adverse economic conditions, the reduction in real demand for engineering steel, which is at the beginning of the value chain for the products produced in our customers' end markets, is typically exacerbated by inventory destocking throughout the supply chain as industry participants, including our customers, look to preserve liquidity by reducing inventory.
The engineering steel industry has over the last decade experienced two significant corrections, which also had a significant negative impact on our results of operations. The first one started in the third quarter of 2008 and lasted for much of 2009, when the European and global economies experienced a significant downturn as part of the financial and economic crisis, which had a strong impact on industrial activity. According to IHS Economics, GDP in the European Union decreased by 4.5% from 2008 to 2009, and industrial production in the European Union declined by 14.6% in that same time period. The pronounced contraction in industrial activity had a significant impact on the engineering steel industry, which experienced a significant fall in
20
demand for engineering steel products. As a result, our sales volume decreased by more than half, from 989 kt in 2008 to 418 kt in 2009 and our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2008 and the year ended December 31, 2009 were significantly negatively affected.
The second half of 2009 to the first half of 2011 were generally characterized by positive developments in the European and global markets, as key emerging and developing economies demonstrated stronger economic growth, supported by government stimulus initiatives. According to IHS Economics, GDP in the European Union increased by 2.0% in 2010 over 2009, and industrial production in the European Union likewise grew by 5.6% in that same time period. As a result, our sales volume increased to 851 kt in 2011 and our EBITDA reached EUR134.2 million in 2011.
However, in the later part of the second half of 2011, primarily as a result of the turbulence in the financial markets and the unresolved sovereign debt issues in Europe there was a significant drop in confidence regarding the economic outlook and expected GDP growth in Europe.
This developed into the second contraction in recent years, as we saw a weak fourth quarter of 2011 and then experienced a drop in demand for our products and significant decrease in our shipment volume to 694 kt in 2012, which resulted in a decrease in our EBITDA to EUR66.0 million in 2012. For a discussion of our financial position at the years ended 2011, 2012 and 2013, please see "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations-- Comparison between the years ended December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011" and "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations-- Comparison between the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012".
Our sales volume in the second half of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014 were higher than in the corresponding periods in the previous years. Nevertheless, the recovery of the engineering steel industry is still slow and we cannot determine whether it will last and whether it will be significant. Even if the recovery became significant, we do not expect that demand will reach the levels that we experienced in 2006 to 2008 when insufficient capacity for production of machinery and equipment in Asia fuelled an increased demand for European exports of engineering steel. Since that time, local production capacity in Asia has increased, making it unlikely that such demand pressure will reoccur. European economies continue to experience uncertainty and while economic activity appears to improve across the Eurozone recently, the potential slowdown in the Chinese economy and, most recently, the uncertainties in connection with Russia and Ukraine are factors that could negatively impact the recovery of the engineering steel market globally.
