This developed into the second contraction in recent years, as we saw a weak fourth quarter of 2011 and then experienced a drop in demand for our products and significant decrease in our shipment volume to 694 kt in 2012, which resulted in a decrease in our EBITDA to EUR66.0 million in 2012. For a discussion of our financial position at the years ended 2011, 2012 and 2013, please see "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations-- Comparison between the years ended December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011" and "Management's discussion and analysis o f financial condition and results o f operations-- Comparison between the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012".
Global economic conditions also remain fragile and the possibility remains that the European or the global economies, or certain industry sectors of those economies that are key to our sales, may not recover as quickly as anticipated, or could deteriorate, which would likely result in a decreased demand for our products and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The engineering steel industry is highly competitive.
We face significant competition, primarily based on quality, delivery performance and price. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may be unable to maintain or increase our market share or margins. The highly competitive nature of our industry, combined with excess production capacity for some engineering steel products, has at times exerted downward pressure on prices of our products. Going forward, it is possible that excess production capacity may continue to exert downward pressure on prices and if such prices were as a consequence to decline to a level at which we are unable to remain profitable, we would be forced to close production facilities or suspend production entirely.
Our most significant competitors are mainly regional steel producers in Western Europe and select Eastern European mills. Since the economic downturn in 2008, the European engineering steel industry has suffered from production overcapacity in select products and increasing
21
competition amid reduced demand. Recently, Ascometal, one of our key competitors based in France, was placed in administration in March 2014, following an inability to reach a settlement with their creditors from a prior leveraged buyout. A number of our competitors have initiated modernization plans, which may improve the design, performance and efficiency of their products and their ability to develop new products or decrease their prices and we expect our competitors will continue to build on any advantages they have. Some of these competitors may have greater financial resources and benefit from lower operating costs.
In addition, we may face competition from competitors located outside of Europe that have not traditionally been sources of significant competition for us. Competitors, especially those in Asia, Eastern Europe and Russia, have substantially increased their production capacity in the last few years, and have targeted the European market for imports of certain engineering steel products. Imports of engineering steel into Western Europe from Eastern Europe and Russia have increased materially since 2008. Increasing demand for engineering steel could increase the number of competitors located outside of Europe who may be better placed than we are to gain market share.
Further, maintaining and expanding our market position will require continued investment in product development, sales and marketing and customer service and support and we may not have sufficient resources to continue to make such investments. Our ability to compete effectively also depends to a significant extent on our continuous ability to manage our cost base and our competitors may be more successful than we in achieving or maintaining a competitive cost base. Our ability to compete effectively could also be negatively affected by an increase of the SEK against the Euro, which will make it more difficult for us to compete against our competitors in the Eurozone.
