In addition, we may face competition from competitors located outside of Europe that have not traditionally been sources of significant competition for us. Competitors, especially those in Asia, Eastern Europe and Russia, have substantially increased their production capacity in the last few years, and have targeted the European market for imports of certain engineering steel products. Imports of engineering steel into Western Europe from Eastern Europe and Russia have increased materially since 2008. Increasing demand for engineering steel could increase the number of competitors located outside of Europe who may be better placed than we are to gain market share.
We may not be able to compete effectively in the future. Failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The substantial majority of our net sales are concentrated to Western Europe and the Nordics, in particular Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland. In addition, Eastern Europe is a significant market for us. An economic decline in Europe, generally, or in these countries, specifically, or a protracted period of weak growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In 2013, we derived 44.5%, 39.3% and 9.2% of our net sales from customers in Western Europe (excluding the Nordics), the Nordics and Eastern Europe, respectively. Customers in our core markets of Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland accounted for 71.4% of our total net sales in 2013 and Sweden and Germany together accounted for 52.1% of our total net sales in 2013. Our sales have been concentrated in Western Europe, the Nordics and Eastern Europe generally because of the close proximity of these markets to our manufacturing plants in Sweden and Finland and our long established relationships with customers in these regions. The overall success of our operations, therefore, is closely tied to the economic prosperity and stability of Western Europe and the Nordics generally and Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland in particular, and to a lesser extent on Eastern Europe.
Many of our core markets have experienced severe economic downturns. According to CSO Finland, National Institute for Statistics and Economic Studies (INSEE), OECD, Statistics Sweden and UK Office for National Statistics (ONS), in the period from 2007 to 2009, the GDP of Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland declined by 5.7%, 4.3%, 3.2%, 5.6% and 8.3%, respectively. In 2012, the GDP of some of our core markets was also negatively affected. In 2012, the economic environment in many of our markets has been marked by generally weaker than expected growth, increased unemployment and reduced business confidence. According to Eurostat, Business Monitor International, INSEE, ONS and Statistics Sweden, in the period from 2010 to 2012, the GDP of Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland increased by 3.8%, 4.0%, 2.0%, 1.3% and 1.8%, respectively.
Both we and our customers continue to be vulnerable to economic downturns and protracted periods of weak growth in these economies. During such periods of weakness, our customers
22
could face significant difficulties, possibly leading to bankruptcy proceedings. We cannot easily diversify our geographical customer base because of the significant cost of shipping many of our products to other markets and because of the importance of close collaboration in engineering and flexible delivery times. Any significant decrease in demand for engineering steel products or decline in the base price of these products, particularly in Sweden, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Finland, could result in significantly reduced profitability.
Additionally, the recent sovereign debt crisis in certain European countries, including Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain, and the related European financial restructuring efforts or government-sponsored rescue packages, may cause the value of the European currencies, including the euro and Swedish krona, to deteriorate, which, in turn, could adversely impact the European economy as a whole or lead to a new economic downturn, or lead to departures of countries from the Eurozone, introducing volatility into local and global markets. In addition, to the extent that any such rescue package has a deleterious effect on the euro or leads to increased taxes or austerity measures in stronger European economies, such as Germany, which is one our core markets, the economic troubles outside of those markets may, nonetheless, lead to macroeconomic effects that could result in significantly reduced revenues, thereby adversely affecting our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
