always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % o f the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate months which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as o f 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is "NIBOR Reference Banks" as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBO R Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis o f the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are
CV
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate months commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee after consultation with the Issuer, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent Company Loans" means any existing and future loans at market based terms from the Issuer's parent company and ultimate parent companies to the Issuer. As per the most recent unaudited balance sheet (31 March 2009), such loans account for an aggregate amount of NOK 730 million, of which NOK 165 million falls due in 2010, NOK 465 million falls due in 2011 and NOK 100 million falls due in July 2012. Amounts maturing in 2010 and 2011 carry a coupon of 3 months NIBOR plus 4.5 % p.a., payable quarterly. Amount maturing in July 2012 carry a coupon o f 3 months NIBOR plus 0.75 % p.a., payable quarterly.
