Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent (the "Redemption Notice Period"). For the avoidance of doubt such Redemption Notice Period shall include the day on which the notice is dispatched and the three (3) Business Days set out in Clause 25.1.2. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
The Issuer shall ensure that, upon a Permitted Partial Divestment, an amount at least equal to 100 per cent, of the Existing Financial Indebtedness of the Restricted Company which shares are being disposed of (the "Prepayment Amount") is transferred to the Deposit Account. When the Prepayment Amount has been transferred to the Deposit Account, the Agent shall release the Security over the shares in the divested Restricted Company. The Prepayment Amount shall remain on the Deposit Account until the Agent instructs the Account Bank to transfer such amount for the purpose of partial prepayment of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 10.5.
The Agent and the Issuer shall ensure that the Prepayment Amount is used to partially prepay the Notes by applying the Prepayment Amount towards reduction of the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata at a price equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 10.4 ( Voluntary total redemption (call option)), as applicable considering when the disposal is made.
Should any part of the Prepayment Amount remain after prepayment has been made, the Issuer may retain such part of the Prepayment Amount.
The amount to be prepaid shall be rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000 per Note and the requirement for the Issuer to redeem should not apply until the aggregate Prepayment Amount exceeds SEK 11,000,000.
The prepayment of the Notes shall (i) be irrevocable, (ii) be executed on the first Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) falling after the completion of the Permitted Partial Divestment, (iii) include accrued but unpaid interest and (iv) be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, where such notice shall state the relevant date on which the prepayment shall be made, the Prepayment Amount and the relevant Record Date.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
LEGAL#9321348v15
