A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 10.6.1 is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure, as applicable, pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure, as applicable.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.7.1.
If Noteholders representing more than eighty (80) per cent, of the Total Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.7, the Issuer shall send a notice to the remaining Noteholders giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following such notice. Such notice shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.7.3. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 10.7.3.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in Sweden in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.7, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.7 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.7 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.7, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure, as applicable, offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out
LEGAL#9321348v15
EXECUTION VERSION 20(39)
