6
"Group" means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer), and a "Group Company" means the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer),
"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee from the Guarantor securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantor Accounts" means the Guarantor Earnings Account and the Guarantor Operating Account.
"Guarantor Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Guarantor's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Guarantor in the Guarantor Accounts.
"Guarantor Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment o f the Guarantor's entitlements under the insurances related to WIND SERVER after delivery (other than third party liability insurances).
"Guarantor Assignment of Loans" means an assignment by way o f security o f the Guarantor's rights under any Shareholder Loans provided by the Guarantor to the Issuer.
"Guarantor Earnings Account" means an account with the Paying Agent established in the name of the Guarantor and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Guarantor Operating Account" means an operating account with the Paying Agent established in the name of the Guarantor and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents. The Guarantor may open several operating accounts (each deemed to be a "Guarantor Operating Account"), provided that each such account is pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee. Amounts standing to the credit of the Guarantor in the Guarantor Operating Accounts may be utilized by the Guarantor for the purposes referred to in Clause 13.5.1. If the Guarantor has insufficient revenues transferred to the Guarantor Earnings Account during a certain period o f time, the Guarantor may use the amounts in the Guarantor Operating Account to service the payments under the Bareboat Charter.
