"Interest Payment Date" means 3 January and 3 July each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention,
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number o f the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 3 January 2014.
"Issuer Accounts" means the Escrow Account, the Issuer Earnings Account, the Issuer Operating Account, the Retention Account and the Collection Account.
"Issuer Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit o f the Issuer in the Issuer Accounts (save for the Escrow Account Pledge and the Retention Account Pledge).
"Issuer Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment of the Issuer's entitlements under the insurances related to WIND SERVER after delivery has been made (other than third party liability insurances).
"Issuer Operating Account" means an operating account with the Paying Agent established in the name o f the Issuer and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents. The Issuer may open several operating accounts (each deemed to be an "Issuer Operating Account"), provided that each such operating account is pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee. The Issuer Operating Accounts shall be pledged in favour of the Trustee but not blocked (unless there is an outstanding Event o f Default), and amounts standing to the credit o f the Issuer in the Issuer Operating Accounts may be utilized by the Issuer for the purposes set out in Clause 13.5.3 and for mobilization costs and other working capital matters.
"Issuer Earnings Account" means an earnings account with the Paying Agent established in the name o f the Issuer and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
