Registration in the Securities Depository
4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
5
Purchase and transfer of Bonds
5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g, to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense. The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.
15 0K
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5.3 The Bonds cannot be sold to "Malta investors" (as further defined below), or be sold in a manner which constitute an "offer to the public" as defined under Malta law. The following actions are not regarded as "offers to the public": (i) An offer is made to qualified investors only, (ii) an offer is made to less than 150 persons per EU or EEA State (not including qualified investors) (iii) the minimum consideration of an offer is at least EUR 100,000.00 per investor, (iv) the total consideration in any EU/EEA State does not exceed EUR 100,000.00 calculated over a period of twelve months; or (v) the total consideration does not exceed EUR 5,000,000 calculated over a period o f twelve months. "Malta investors" means a) Bondholders that are resident in Malta for income tax purposes; b) Bondholders that are engaged in any trade or business in Malta through a permanent establishment situated in Malta to which the debt-claims in respect of which the interest is payable to the Bondholders in terms of the Bond Loan Agreement is effectively connected, and c) Bondholders that are owned and controlled by, directly or indirectly, or act on behalf of an individual or individuals who are ordinarily resident and domiciled in Malta.
