"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"BWC Assignment of Shareholder Loans" means an assignment by way of security of BWC's rights under any Shareholder Loans provided by BWC to the Issuer, to include provisions whereby repayment proceeds shall be pledged correspondingly. BWC may with the approval of the Bond Trustee (which shall not be unreasonable withheld) reinvest repayment proceeds in other financial instruments, which shall be pledged correspondingly.
"BWC Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by BWC over 50% of the shares in the Issuer, together with, inter alia, letters o f resignation (effective upon an Event of Default for which the Bond Trustee has issued a notice) (if legally possible) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Cash Collateral Account" means the account to be held by the Issuer with Spar Nord serving as collateral to Spar Nord for recourse by the Issuer to Spar Nord upon a trigger o f the performance guarantee issued by Spar Nord to the Yard as required under the Construction Contract.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when Odin Equity Partners ceases to own directly or indirectly less than 50% of the shares and/or voting capital o f the Guarantor.
"Charter Contracts" means offshore wind turbine O&M charter contracts for the hire of WIND SERVER with Clients in Northern European waters. Charter Contracts will be entered into by the Guarantor and the Guarantor will be the contractual party towards the Client under any Charter Contract. The Guarantor will in turn bare boat charter WIND SERVER from the Issuer.
"Charter Contract Assignment" means to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of the relevant Charter Contract, an assignment of the rights o f the Guarantor under any Charter Contracts with duration o f three months or more (including all earnings payable and security granted by the Client thereunder).
"Client" means utilities companies or wind turbine generator manufactures who are parties to Charter Contracts.
