After the payments under (i) through (vi) have been made, the Issuer may service Shareholder Loans subject to compliance with the further requirements under Clause 13.4.2 letter (a).
The Issuer shall, on every Transfer Date commencing 12 months after the Settlement Date (regardless o f whether or not the Guarantor has entered into any Charter Contract) transfer from the Issuer Earnings Account, or as the case may be, the Collection Account an amount equal to 1/6 o f the next interest and amortization payment under the Bonds to the Retention Account.
13.5.3 The budgeted expenses o f the Issuer shall be transferred from the Issuer Earnings Account to the Issuer Operating Account in accordance with Clause 13.5.1.
In addition, any new cash equity granted to the Issuer or proceeds o f Shareholder Loans received shall be transferred into the relevant Issuer Operating Account. Such proceeds on such Operating Account may be used to fund the construction o f WIND SERVER under the Construction Contract or other project costs and expenses related to the vessel.
I f the Issuer has insufficient revenues transferred to the Issuer Earnings Account during a certain period o f time, the Issuer may use the amounts on the Issuer Operating Accounts to service the monthly transfers to the Retention Account. The Issuer may at will transfer funds from the Issuer Operating Account to the Collection Account.
13.5.4
In accordance with Clause 13.5.1, all excess funds generated from any Charter Contract shall be deposited into the Collection Account until the balance on the Collection Account reaches the Reserve Amount and the Guarantor has entered into a Qualified Charter Contract.
All funds on the Collection Account shall be held in the Collection Account as a liquidity buffer. However, if the Issuer has insufficient revenues transferred to the Issuer Earnings Account during a certain period o f time, the Issuer may use the amounts on the Collection Accounts to service the monthly transfers to the Retention Account.
34
