The Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Subordinated Capital Ratio o f minimum 40%, to be tested quarterly on the basis of the interim report for such period and reported by delivery of a compliance certificate to the Bond Trustee no later than 60 days following the last day of the relevant financial quarter.
The Issuer shall at all times maintain an Asset Coverage Ratio of minimum 150%, to be tested on a quarterly basis, commencing by the end o f the first financial quarter after delivery o f WIND SERVER under the Construction Contract, and reported by delivery of a compliance certificate to the Bond Trustee no later than 60 days following the last day of the relevant financial quarter.
13.8 Vessel Covenants
(a) Maintenance o f insurances The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance o f insurances o f WIND SERVER and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain WIND SERVER in class. During operation of WIND SERVER, the Issuer shall ensure that it runs proper maintenance o f WIND SERVER according to planned maintenance system. WIND SERVER shall also be adequately insured (including war risk) against Hull & Machinery risks for at least (120) % o f the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, and a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, as well as mortgagee interest insurance and loss of hire and any additional insurance required under any law or Charter Contracts. The insurances shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with no less favourable terms.
(b) Maintenance o f Class The Issuer shall maintain class, flag, name and registry of WIND SERVER. The Issuer may reflag WIND SERVER to any generally recognized first class flag state, provided that such reflagging does not have a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Maintenance o f Condition
The Issuer shall ensure that WIND SERVER is kept in a good and safe condition and that necessary repairs are carried out consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards. (d) Operation in Accordance with Applicable Laws and Regulations The Issuer shall ensure that WIND SERVER at all times is operated in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
37
J2K
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
