Page
Attachment I COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
11-
L 4506015 VI
THIS AGREEMENT has been entered into on [·] March 2014 between: (1) Ocean Yield ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 991 844 562) as
issuer (the "Issuer"); and (2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624)
as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1 INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terns relevant for Clauses 9 (Interest) and 18.2 (Defeasance) and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause): "Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository. "Additional Bonds" means all of the debt instruments issued or to be issued by the Issuer under this Agreement up to the Maximum Issue Amount in accordance with Clause 2.2.2. "Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement. "Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed in writing between the Parties. "Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds. "Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR. "Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time. "Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth 11 Clause 16 (Bondholders 'Meeting). "Bonds" means the Initial Bonds and, when issued, the Additional Bonds. "Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway. "Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment of the Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (ModifiedFollowing Business Day Convention). "Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2 (Call Option). "Change of Control Event" means if:
