L 4506015 VI 25 03.14 92656-109
10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.3 Put Option 10.3.1 Change of Control (a) Upon the occuiTence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment of its Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest of par value on the relevant Bonds). (b) The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of the Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place (c) The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder separately. Any Bondholder exercising its Put Option shall do so by notice in writing to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request made by each such Bondholder. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be forty-five (45) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of the Change of Control Event. (d) On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder who has exercised its Put Option, the principal amount of each such Bond (at the price pursuant to paragraph (a) above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date of the Put Option. 10.3.2 Disposal ofDhirubhai-1 (a) Upon the occurrence of a Dhirubhai-1 Disposal Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment of its Bonds at a price of 101%>of par value (plus accrued interest of par value on the relevant Bonds), provided that the total amount available for such prepayment to the Bondholders shall be limited to an amount equal to (as determined by reference to the Issuer's latest Financial Statements or Interim Accounts): The book value ofDhirubhai-1, divided by the book value of all consolidated assets of the Group which are categorised as "Property, Plant & Equipment" (including Vessels), multiplied by the Outstanding Bonds (hereinafter referred to as the "Maximum Dhirubhai-1 Disposal Put Amount"). (b) The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of the Dhirubhai-1 Disposal Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Dhirubhai-1 Disposal Event has taken place (c) The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder separately. Any Bondholder exercising its Put Option shall do so by notice in writing to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request made by each such Bondholder.
L_4506015_Vl 25.03.14 92656-109
15/36
(d) If the aggregate amount of exercised Put Options exceeds the Maximum Dhirubhai-1 Disposal Put Amount, the prepayment to each relevant Bondholder shall be reduced pro rata.
(e) The settlement date of the Put Option shall be forty-five (45) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of the Dhirubhai-1 Disposal Event.
(f) On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (at the price pursuant to paragraph (a) above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date of the Put Option.
(g) Any proceeds from a Dhirubhai-1 Disposal Event not applied towards redemption of Bonds according to the provisions of this Clause 10.3.2, may be retained by the Group and applied for its general corporate purposes.
