11.3 Currency 11.3.1 If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer. 11.3.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not given such instruction as set out in Clause 11.3.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be credited to the NOK bank account registered with that Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository. 11.3 .3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment 11.5.1 In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 (Interest) plus 5.00 per cent. per annum. 11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been paid or repaid in full. 11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.l(a), cf Clauses 15.2 15.4.
11.6 Partial payments If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order: (a) firstly, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;
L 4506015_V1 2S.03.14 92656-109.'
17/36
(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.
12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13 COVENANTS 13.1 General
