procedures is taken with respect to or concerning: (A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-
L 4506015 VI 25.03.14 92656-109
25/36
(ii) In relation to any other Group Company, there occurs an event corresponding to any of those mentioned in sub-paragraph (i) above which, in the reasonable opinion ofthe Bond Trustee, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(i) Litigation There is pending any current or threatened any claim, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Issuer or any other Group Company, which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. (j) Material Adverse Effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to the Issuer or any other Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. (k) Repudiation Any Issuer repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document. 15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document. 15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15. 1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for payment if: (a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from
Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions; or (b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment. In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactoiy security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above. 15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately
L 4506015 VI 25 03.14 92656-109,
26/36
deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Call Option). 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting 16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders
