17. 1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to this Clause 17. 1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct: the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
17.2 Liability and indemnity 17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its
L_4506015_Vl '
ScK'-`
30/36
functions and duties as set out in this Bond Ag'eement. Such liability is limited to the Maximum Issue Amount. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer. 17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document. 17.2.3 The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.l(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action 17.3 Change ofBond Trustee 17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting). The Bond Trustee shall continue to cany out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected. 17.3 .2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14 (Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable. 17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement. 17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 (a) The Bonds are unsecured. However, if during the term of this Bond Agreement,
security shall be provided under Clause 18.2 (Defeasance), the Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue. (b) The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the security documents with respect to the security.
