functions and duties as set out in this Bond Ag'eement. Such liability is limited to the Maximum Issue Amount. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer. 17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document. 17.2.3 The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.l(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action 17.3 Change ofBond Trustee 17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting). The Bond Trustee shall continue to cany out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected. 17.3 .2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14 (Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable. 17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement. 17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 (a) The Bonds are unsecured. However, if during the term of this Bond Agreement,
L 4506015 VI 25.03.14 92656-10«
31/36
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
17.4.2 (a)
The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the security agency agreement, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any security document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.
(b) Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.
17.4.3 If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the security documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
18 MISCELLANEOUS
