(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the security interest created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the security interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(d) any security interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant security document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed;
(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.
18.2.3 All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.
Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer. 18.3 Limitation of claims 18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and
principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18. 18.4 Access to information 18.4.1 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged. 18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities D epositor
L 4506015 V1 25.03.14 92656-109
34/36
18.5 Amendments 18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of the Parties.
