34/36
18.6 Notices, contact information 18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows: (a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and (b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available. 18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange. 18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows: (a) if by letter, when delivered at the address ofthe relevant Party; (b) if by e-mail, when received; and (c) if by fax, when received. 18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other Party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons. 18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated): (a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included. (b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month. (c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.
L_4506015_V1 25.03.14 92656-109
35/36
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law. All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts ofNorway, with the District Camt of Oslo as sole legal venue. This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Issuer
Bond Trustee
By: Eirik Eide Position: Attorney-in-Fact
