(i) this Bond Agreement; (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause
executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement. "Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incuired in respect of: (i) moneys borrowed; (ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent; (iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; (iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as finance or capital lease; (v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis); (vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; (vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and (viii) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above. "Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such
L 4506015 Vl 25.03.14 92656-109 x
436
accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors. "Group" means the Issuer and all its directly or indirectly owned Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries. "IFRS" means generally acceptable accounting principles (as in effect from time-to-time) as set out in the statements and opinions of the International Accounting Standards Board and/or its respective successors and which are applicable in the circumstances as of the date in question. "Initial Bonds" means all of the debt instruments issued or to be issued by the Issuer under this Agreement in accordance with Clause 2.2.1. "Initial Issue Amount" means NOK 600,000,000. "Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio ofEBITDA to Net Interest Cost. "Interest Payment Date" means 26 March, 26 June and 26 September and 26 December each year and the Final Maturity Date, stalling 26 June 2014. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. "Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary. "ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering - the identification number of the Bond Issue. "Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence. "Liquidity" means, at any date, the aggregate amount of freely available and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of the Group, in each case reported in accordance with IFRS. "Managers" means the managers for this Bond Issue, being DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA, Stranden 21, Aker Brygge, N0-0021 Oslo, Norway and Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway. "Margin" means 3.90 percentage points per annum. "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole;
(ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with any of its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or
(iii) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.
L 4506015 Vl 25.03.14 92656-109 
