(iii) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.
-_
&
5/36
"Maximum Issue Amount" means NOK 1,000,000,000. "Net Interest-Bearing Debt" means the book value ofthe Group's total interest-bearing debt in accordance with IFRS less Liquidity. "Net Interest Cost" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest-bearing debt less the aggregate gross cash interest income of the Group (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis). For the avoidance of doubt, PIK interests shall not be considered as interest income (unless it is received in cash). Furthermore, gains or losses (whether realised or unrealised) on interest rate, currency or derivatives transactions (mark-tomarket accounting, where relevant) shall not be considered as interest income or cost. "NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero. "NOK" means Norwegian k'oner, being the lawful currency ofNorway. "Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. "Parent" means Aker ASA (886 581 432), incorporated in Norway. "Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees). "Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds. "Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest. "Put Option" means any such event as referred to in Clause 10.3 (Put Option) giving the Bondholders a right of prepayment of its Bonds on such terms and conditions as set out therein. "Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December. "Reporting Date" shall have the meaning given to it in paragraph (d) of Clause 13.2.1. "Securities Depository Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64. "Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
L_45060I5_V1 25.03.14 92656-109 &
6/36
"Settlement Date" means 26 March 2014. "Stamdata" means the web site ^^w.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence. "Tap Issue" means the issue of one or several Additional Bonds up to the Maximum Issue Amount. "Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed. accordingly. "Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS. "Total Loss" means an actual or constructive total loss of Dhirubhai-1. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "Vessel" means any vessel or offshore unit owned by a Group Company at any time. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otheiwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only; (a) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (b) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Ag'eement; (c) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otheiwise stated herein; (d) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (e) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of a person or to direct the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; (f) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality); and (g) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
