"Settlement Date" means 26 March 2014. "Stamdata" means the web site ^^w.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence. "Tap Issue" means the issue of one or several Additional Bonds up to the Maximum Issue Amount. "Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed. accordingly. "Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS. "Total Loss" means an actual or constructive total loss of Dhirubhai-1. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "Vessel" means any vessel or offshore unit owned by a Group Company at any time. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
L_4506015_Vl ""
' 'Ut'j-'-'-lcO s/
7/36
2 THE BONDS 2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any frther action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1 (The community ofBondholders).
2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
2.2 The Bonds 2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Initial Bonds in the Initial Issue Amount. 2.2.2 The Issuer may at one or more occasions from the Settlement Date and to be closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date issue Additional Bonds under this Agreement provided always that: (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds, before and after such issue, does not exceed the Maximum Issue Amount; (b) no Event of Default has occurred or would occur as a result ofthe making of such Tap Issue; (c) the Issuer confirms that the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1, are still valid, or provides updates of such documents to the Bond Trustee; (d) the representations and wa1nrnties contained in this Bond Agreement remain true and correct and are repeated by the Issuer; and (e) such Tap Issue complies with applicable laws and regulations at the time of each such Tap Issue. 2.2.3 All Bonds issued under this Bond Agreement shall have a nominal value ofNOK 500,000, with a minimum subscription and allocation amount ofNOK 1,000,000 2.2.4 All of the Bonds issued under this Agreement shall rank pari passu between themselves and be subject to identical terms and conditions. 2.2.5 The rights and obligations of the Parties also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing of additional Tap Issues make an addendum to this Agreement regulating the conditions for each such Tap Issue. 2.2.6 The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Ocean Yield ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".
L 4506015 VI 25.03.14 92656-109
