2.2 The Bonds 2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Initial Bonds in the Initial Issue Amount. 2.2.2 The Issuer may at one or more occasions from the Settlement Date and to be closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date issue Additional Bonds under this Agreement provided always that: (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds, before and after such issue, does not exceed the Maximum Issue Amount; (b) no Event of Default has occurred or would occur as a result ofthe making of such Tap Issue; (c) the Issuer confirms that the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1, are still valid, or provides updates of such documents to the Bond Trustee; (d) the representations and wa1nrnties contained in this Bond Agreement remain true and correct and are repeated by the Issuer; and (e) such Tap Issue complies with applicable laws and regulations at the time of each such Tap Issue. 2.2.3 All Bonds issued under this Bond Agreement shall have a nominal value ofNOK 500,000, with a minimum subscription and allocation amount ofNOK 1,000,000 2.2.4 All of the Bonds issued under this Agreement shall rank pari passu between themselves and be subject to identical terms and conditions. 2.2.5 The rights and obligations of the Parties also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing of additional Tap Issues make an addendum to this Agreement regulating the conditions for each such Tap Issue. 2.2.6 The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Ocean Yield ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".
8/36
2.2.7 The ISIN ofthe Bond Issue will be NO 001 0708316. 2.2.8 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Settlement Date to the Final Maturity
Date. 2.2.9 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred on the Settlement Date. 2.3 Purpose and utilisation 2.3.1 The net proceeds from the Initial Bonds (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the
Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be applied partly for the purpose of buying back bonds issued by the Issuer in 2012 in the bond issue described as "FRN Ocean Yield AS Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017" (ISIN NO 001 0654379), and partly for the general corporate puiposes ofthe Group. 2.3.2 The proceeds of any Additional Bonds shall be applied as determined by the Issuer. 3 LISTING 3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs. 3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities
Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository. 4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent. 4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or elsewhere other than in Norway under the Securities Depository Act.
5 PURCHASE ANDDTRANSFER OF BONDS 5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may
be pledged. 5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as
