"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference B anks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway,
"Norway Pelagic Real Estate Assets" means all and any real estate assets of Domstein Eiendom being leased by Norway Pelagic ASA (a company incoiporated in Norway with company no. 989 094 823) which are located in Måløy, Kalvåg, Selje and Bodø and as set out in Attachment 2 hereto.
"Obligor" means the Issuer.
"O rdinary Domstein Eiendom Dividend" means any payment of dividend or repayment of capital (including but not limited to share capital and other capital) and regardless of if the payment is declared or resolved in an ordinary shareholders meeting or in an extraordinary shareholders meeting from Domstein Eiendom to its shareholders up to an amount equal to the accumulated Cash Pool at the date of declaration of the relevant dividend payment. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any and all distribution of dividend or repayment of capital within the accumulated Cash Pool at the relevant date are considered to be Ordinary Domstein Eiendom Dividend and (ii) any and all distribution of dividend or repayment of capital exceeding the accumulated Cash Pool at the relevant date are considered to be Extraordinary Domstein Eiendom Dividend.
"O utstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arty " means a pally to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and pennitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
