"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
Norsk Tillitsmann ÅSA
"Security Assets" means all and any assets creating security fo r the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Finance Documents.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means the Share Pledge, the Debt Service Account Pledge, the Escrow Account Pledge, the Share Replacement Account and any other Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created or to be created by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuer under any Finance Documents.
"Share Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's 49 % of the shares in Domstein Eiendom (currently, 1829 shares) (the "Shares") at the date of this Bond Agreement, subject to any replacement o f the Share Pledge with cash as set forth in Clause 8.3.
"Share Replacement Account" means an account in the name o f the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Share Replacement Account Pledge" meansthe first priority pledge in the Share Replacement Account, at any time, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement. "Share Replacement Event" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 8.3.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
