Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (M odified Following Business Day Convention).
"Cash Pool" means, at any date, the cash flow from ordinary operations calculated on an accumulated basis from and including 1 of January 2011 as follows: (i) annual result after tax as set out in the audited annual accounts plus (ii) depreciations and/or write down of assets less (iii) repayment of debt less (iv) extraordinary income (including but not limited to income from sale of
realestate property and/ or sale of shares in a company owning real estate property) less (v) cash derived from borrowings used to distribute dividend or capital repayment less (vi) any payment of dividend or repayment of capital classified as Ordinary Domstein Eiendom Dividend.
"Change of Control Event" means that any investor or group of investors (other than Rolf S. Domstein, Knut Magne Domstein or Gunnar Domstein or related to them) which are under single control, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% o f the voting shares of the Issuer.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Debt Service Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Debt Service Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge in the Debt Service Account, at any time, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Domstein Eiendom" means Domstein Eiendom AS, a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 891 140 002, owned with 49.0 % by the Issuer at the Issue Date.
"Encum brance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way o f security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
