(3) for a period of 15 days prior to the record date with respect to any interest payment date; or
The Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Registrar will be entitled to treat the Holder of a Note as the owner of it for all purposes.
Restricted Subsidiaries and Unrestricted Subsidiaries
On the Issue Date, all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. However, in the circumstances described below under ``--Certain Definitions-- Unrestricted Subsidiary'', the Issuer will be permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture.
Security
General
On the Issue Date, the Notes will be secured by first ranking security interests granted on an equal and ratable first priority basis over (i) all of the Capital Stock of the Issuer and the Company; (ii) the intercompany loan receivables owed to HoldCo by the Issuer and to the Issuer by the Company and certain of its Subsidiaries; (iii) the Issuer's rights under the Acquisition Agreement and (iv) the Canal Digital Acquisition Funding Account. During the Post-Completion Period, the Issuer shall procure that the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will also, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, be secured by first ranking security interests granted on an equal and ratable first priority basis over (i) all of the Capital Stock of each Guarantor (other than HoldCo and the Company), (ii) certain intercompany loan receivables owed to the Guarantors and (iii) certain trade marks (collectively, the ``Collateral''). The pledge agreements in respect of the Collateral are referred to as the ``Security Documents''. Any other additional security interests that may in the future be granted to secure the obligations under the Notes and the Indenture would also constitute Collateral.
Subject to certain conditions, including compliance with the covenants described under ``-- Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Liens'' and ``--Certain Covenants-- Impairment of Security Interests'', the Issuer is permitted to pledge the Collateral in connection with future issuances of its Indebtedness or Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any Additional Notes, in each case, permitted under the Indenture and other Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
The proceeds from the sale of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations owed to the Holders of the Notes. No appraisals of the Collateral have been made in connection with this offering of Notes. By its nature, some or all of the Collateral will be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, the Collateral may not be able to be sold in a short period of time, or at all. See ``Risk Factors-- Risks Relating to the Notes--The Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Notes''.
