Subject to certain conditions, including compliance with the covenants described under ``-- Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Liens'' and ``--Certain Covenants-- Impairment of Security Interests'', the Issuer is permitted to pledge the Collateral in connection with future issuances of its Indebtedness or Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any Additional Notes, in each case, permitted under the Indenture and other Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
Priority
The relative priority among (i) the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, (ii) the lenders under the Senior Bridge Facility, (iii) the counterparties under certain hedging contracts and (iv) the Trustee and the Holders under the Indenture, with respect to the Collateral and the security interests securing obligations under the Notes created by the Security Documents (the ``Security Interests'') is established by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Indenture and the Security Documents. See ``Description of Certain Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement''.
Security Documents
Under the Security Documents, the Issuer and Holdco have granted security (and the Issuer shall procure that, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, security is granted under the Security Documents by the Company and its Subsidiaries) over the Collateral to secure the payment when due of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' payment obligations under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Indenture. The Security Documents have or will be entered into by the relevant security provider and the
169
Security Agent as agent for the secured parties. When entering into the Security Documents, the Security Agent will act in its own name, but as a representative of the secured parties (including the Holders from time to time). Under the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent will also act on behalf of the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, the counterparties under certain hedging contracts and the lenders under the Senior Bridge Facility in relation to the Security Interest in favor of such parties.
The Indenture will provide that, subject to the terms thereof and of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes, as applicable, will be secured by the Security Interests in the Collateral. However, the Security Interests with respect to the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes may be released under certain circumstances as provided under ``-- Release of Liens'' below. See ``Risk Factors-- Risks Related to Our Structure--There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge of the Notes under which the collateral securing the Notes and the Notes Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent of the Trustee''.
The Security Documents provide that the rights with respect to the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes must be exercised by the Security Agent. Since the Holders are not a party to the Security Documents, Holders may not, individually or collectively, take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents. The Holders may only act through the Security Agent.
