``Restricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
``SEC" means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
``Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as amended.
``Security Agent" means Nordea Bank AB (publ) acting as security agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or such successor Security Agent as may be appointed thereunder or any such security agent or successor thereof pursuant to an Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
``SecurityDocuments" means the security agreements, pledge agreements, collateral assignments, and any other instrument and document executed and delivered pursuant to the Indenture or otherwise or any of the foregoing, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, creating the security interests in the Collateral as contemplated by the Indenture.
``SEKEquivalent" means, with respect to any monetary amount in a currency other than SEK, at any time of determination thereof by the Issuer or the Trustee, the amount of SEK obtained by converting such currency other than SEK involved in such computation into SEK at the spot rate for the purchase of SEK with the applicable currency other than SEK as published in The Financial Times in the ``Currency Rates'' section (or, if The Financial Times is no longer published, or if such information is no longer available in The Financial Times, such source as may be selected in good faith by the Issuer or HoldCo) on the date of such determination.
``Senior Bridge Facility'' means the high yield bridge facility agreement dated July 21,2011, as amended and restated on August 3, 2011 and September 26, 2011 and further amended on October 24, 2011, between HoldCo, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Nordea Bank AB (publ), Banc of America Securities Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, UBS Limited and Morgan Stanley Bank International Limited as mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners, and Nordea Bank AB (publ) as agent and security agent.
``Senior Management'' means the officers, directors, and other members of senior management of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, who at any date beneficially own or have the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent.
``Senior Secured Credit Facilities'' means the Senior Secured Credit Facilities dated as of July 21,2011 and as amended and restated on August 3, 2011 and September 26, 2011 and as further amended on October 24, 2011 between, inter alios, the Issuer, the senior lenders (as named therein), and Nordea Bank AB (publ), as security agent, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced, restructured, refinanced, repaid, increased or extended in whole or in part from time to time.
