``Transactions'' means the entering into of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and funds drawn thereunder by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the entering into of the Senior Secured Bridge Facilities Agreement and loans drawn thereunder by the Issuer, the entering into of the Senior Bridge Facility and loans drawn thereunder by HoldCo, the entering into of the PIK Bridge Facilities and loans drawn thereunder by MidCo as well as the offering of the Notes and the use of proceeds therefrom and
the offering of the Senior Notes and the use of proceeds therefrom, and in each case all fees and expenses relating thereto. ``U.S. GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time. ``Uniform Commercial Code" means the New York Uniform Commercial Code. ``Unrestricted Subsidiary" means: (1) any Subsidiary of the Issuer that at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as
designated by the Board of Directors of the Issuer in the manner provided below); and (2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The Board of Directors of the Issuer may designate any Subsidiary of the Issuer (including any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary or a Person becoming a Subsidiary through merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction, or Investment therein) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary only if: (1) such Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries does not own any Capital Stock or Indebtedness of, or
own or hold any Lien on any property of, the Issuer or any other Subsidiary of the Issuer which is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated or otherwise an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and (2) such designation and the Investment of the Issuer in such Subsidiary complies with ``-- Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Restricted Payments" . Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer giving effect to such designation and an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complies with the foregoing conditions. The Board of Directors of the Issuer may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that immediately after giving effect to such designation (1) no Default or Event of Default would result therefrom and (2) (x) the Issuer could Incur at least Se k 1.00 of additional Indebtedness under the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``-- Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Indebtedness'' or (y) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would be lower than it was immediately prior to giving effect to such designation, in each case, on a pro forma basis taking into account such designation. Any such designation by the Board of Directors shall be evidenced to the Trustee by promptly filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors giving effect to such designation or an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. ``Voting Stock'' of a Person means all classes of Capital Stock of such Person then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors. ``Wholly Owned Subsidiary" means a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, all of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors' qualifying shares or shares required by any applicable law or regulation to be held by a Person other than the Issuer or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary) is owned by the Issuer or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary.
238
BOOK-ENTRY, DELIVERY AND FORM
General
Notes sold to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by a global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Rule 144A Global Note''). Notes sold to persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by a global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Regulation S Global Note'' and, together with the Rule 144A Global Note, the ``Global Notes''). The Global Notes will be deposited, on the Issue Date, with a common depositary and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the account of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Ownership of interests in the Rule 144A Global Note (``Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests'') and ownership of interests in the Regulation S Global Note (the ``Regulation S Book-Entry Interests'' and, together with the Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests, the ``Book-Entry Interests'') will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or persons that hold interests through such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream will hold interests in the Global Notes on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their respective depositories. Except under the limited circumstances described below, Book-Entry Interests will not be issued in definitive form.
