Notes sold to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by a global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Rule 144A Global Note''). Notes sold to persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by a global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Regulation S Global Note'' and, together with the Rule 144A Global Note, the ``Global Notes''). The Global Notes will be deposited, on the Issue Date, with a common depositary and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the account of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Book-Entry Interests will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream and their participants. The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of those securities in definitive form. The foregoing limitations may impair your ability to own, transfer or pledge Book-Entry Interests. In addition, while the Notes are in global form, holders of Book-Entry Interests will not be considered the owners or ``holders'' of Notes for any purpose.
So long as the Notes are held in global form, Euroclear or Clearstream (or their respective nominees), as applicable, will be considered the sole holders of the Global Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. In addition, participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, and indirect participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and the participants through which they own Book-Entry Interests, to transfer their interests or to exercise any rights of holders of Notes under the Indenture.
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will have any responsibility, or be liable, for any aspect of the records relating to the Book-Entry Interests.
Redemption of the Global Notes
In the event that any Global Note (or any portion thereof) is redeemed, Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, will redeem an equal amount of the Book-Entry Interests in such Global Note from the amount received by them in respect of the redemption of such Global Note. The redemption price payable in connection with the redemption of such Book-Entry Interests will be equal to the amount received by Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, in connection with the redemption of such Global Note (or any portion thereof). The Issuer understands that, under the existing practices of Euroclear and Clearstream, if fewer than all of its Notes are to be redeemed at any time, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit their participants' accounts on a proportionate basis (with adjustments to prevent fractions), by lot or on such other basis as they deem fair and appropriate (including pool factor), provided, however, that no Book-Entry Interest of less than SEK 1,000,000, principal amount may be redeemed in part.
Payments on Global Notes
The Issuer will make payments of any amounts owing in respect of the Global Notes (including principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any) to the common depositary or its nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream. The common depositary will distribute such payments to participants in accordance with their customary procedures. The Issuer will make payments of all such amounts without deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, except as may be required by law and as described under ``Description of Notes-- Withholding Taxes.'' If any such deduction or withholding is required to be made, then, to the extent described under ``Description of Notes-- Withholding Taxes,'' the Issuer will pay additional amounts as may be necessary for the net amounts received by any holder of the Global Notes
239
