Currency of Payment for the Global Notes
Action by Owners of Book-Entry Interests
Euroclear and Clearstream have advised us that they will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of a Note (including the presentation of Notes for exchange as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants to whose account the Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of Notes as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. Euroclear and Clearstream will not exercise any discretion in the granting of consents, waivers or the taking of any other action in respect of the Global Notes. However, if there is an event of default under the Notes, Euroclear and Clearstream, at the request of the holders of the Notes, reserve the right to exchange the Global Notes for definitive registered Notes in certificated form (the ``Definitive Registered Notes''), and to distribute such Definitive Registered Notes to their participants.
Transfers
Transfers between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected in accordance with Euroclear and Clearstream's rules and will be settled in immediately available funds. If a holder of a Note requires physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes for any reason, including to sell Notes to persons in states that require physical delivery of such securities or to pledge such securities, such holder of Notes must transfer its interests in the Global Notes in accordance with the normal procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture.
The Global Notes will bear a legend to the effect set forth under ``Notice to Investors.'' Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfers and certification requirements discussed under ``Notice to Investors.''
Transfers of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests to persons wishing to take delivery of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests will at all times be subject to such transfer restrictions.
Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Regulation S Book-Entry Interest only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act or any other exemption (if available under the U.S. Securities Act).
Regulation S Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form
