(5) in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the relevant Registrar for cancellation all Definitive Registered Notes accepted for purchase by the Issuer.
For so long as the Notes are listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice with respect to the results of the Change of Control Offer as soon as reasonably practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
The Change of Control provisions described above will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of the Indenture are applicable. Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control Triggering Event, the Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the Holders to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction. The existence of a Holder's right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Holder's Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event may deter a third party from seeking to
177
acquire the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control and the absence of a Rating Decline, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to this covenant. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions of the Indenture by virtue of the conflict.
The Issuer's ability to repurchase Notes issued by it pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The occurrence of certain of the events that constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event would require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. In addition, certain events that may constitute a change of control under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under such agreement may not constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event under the Indenture. Future Indebtedness of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries (including without limitation the Senior Secured Credit Facilities) may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the Holders of their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the Holders upon a repurchase may be limited by the Issuer's then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. See ``Risk Factors-- Risks Related to Our Structure--The Group may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control triggering event as required by the Indenture''.
The definition of ``Change of Control'' includes a disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to specified other Persons. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ``substantially all'', there is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred and whether a Holder may require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as described above.
