· be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.
The rights of Holders of beneficial interests in the Notes to receive the payments of interest on such Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (``Euroclear'') and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme (``Clearstream''). If the due date for any payment in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
Methods of Receiving Payments on the Notes
Principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents; provided that all such payments with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by a nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof.
Principal, interest and premium, if any, on any certificated securities (``Definitive Registered Notes'') will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents maintained for such purposes in London, United Kingdom and Luxembourg. In addition, interest on the Definitive Registered Notes may be paid by check mailed to the Person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes. See ``-- Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes''.
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more Paying Agents for the Notes in each of (i) London, United Kingdom (the ``Principal Paying Agent'') and (ii) Luxembourg for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market (but only if the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require). The Issuer will also undertake to maintain a Paying Agent in a European Union member state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 regarding the taxation of savings income (the ``Directive''), or any law implementing or complying with or introduced in order to conform to such Directive. The initial Paying Agents will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg.
The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ``Registrar'') with offices in Luxembourg. The initial Registrar will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg. The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent. The initial transfer agent will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. The Registrar and the transfer agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined herein) outstanding from time to time, if any, and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of
166
