The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ``Registrar'') with offices in Luxembourg. The initial Registrar will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg. The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent. The initial transfer agent will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. The Registrar and the transfer agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined herein) outstanding from time to time, if any, and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of
Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Issuer. Each transfer agent shall perform the functions of a transfer agent.
The Issuer may change any Paying Agents, Registrars or transfer agents for the Notes without prior notice to the Holders of such Notes. However, for so long as Notes are listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar in respect of the Notes.
Releases of the Guarantees
The Guarantee of a Guarantor will terminate:
 upon a sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) of the Capital Stock of the relevant Guarantor (whether by direct sale or sale of a holding company) or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Guarantor (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) otherwise permitted by the ``Asset Sales'' provisions of the Indenture (as those provisions may be amended from time to time);
 upon the designation in accordance with the Indenture of the Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
 upon defeasance or discharge of the Notes, as provided in ``-- Defeasance'' and ``-- Satisfaction and D ischarge'' ;
 in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement;
