No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Shareholders
Listing and general information
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the Euro MTF Market. There can be no assurance that the application to list the Notes on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the Euro MTF Market will be approved as of the Issue Date or at any time thereafter, and settlement of the Notes is not conditioned on obtaining this listing. The Issuer has initially designated Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as its listing agent (the ``Listing Agent''). The address of the Listing Agent is 2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg.
So long as the Notes are listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall so require, copies, current and future, of all of our annual audited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements, our unaudited consolidated interim quarterly financial statements and this Offering Memorandum may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer.
Concerning the Trustee and Certain Agents
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited is to be appointed as Trustee under the Indenture. The Indenture will provide that, except during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee will perform only such duties as are set forth specifically in the Indenture. The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee, subject to certain exceptions. During the existence of an Event of Default, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it under the Indenture and use the same degree of care that a prudent Person would use in conducting its own affairs. The permissive rights of the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action enumerated in the Indenture will not be construed as an obligation or duty.
207
The Issuer shall deliver written notice to the Trustee with thirty (30) days of becoming aware of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default. The Indenture will impose certain limitations on the rights of the Trustee, should it become a creditor of the Issuer, to obtain payment of claims in certain cases, or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions with the Issuer and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries.
Any removal or resignation of the Trustee shall not become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee.
