The Issuer shall deliver written notice to the Trustee with thirty (30) days of becoming aware of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default. The Indenture will impose certain limitations on the rights of the Trustee, should it become a creditor of the Issuer, to obtain payment of claims in certain cases, or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions with the Issuer and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries.
The Indenture will contain provisions for the indemnification and/or security of the Trustee by the Issuer and the Guarantors for any loss, liability, taxes or expenses incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the Indenture.
Notices
All notices to Holders of the Notes will be validly given if mailed to them at their respective addresses in the register of the Holders of such Notes, if any, maintained by the Registrar. In addition, for so long as any of the Notes are listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, notices with respect to the Notes will be published in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In addition, for so long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes, all notices to Holders of the Notes will be delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, each of which will give such notices to the holders of Book-Entry Interests.
Each such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made; provided that, if notices are mailed, such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the later of such publication and the seventh day after being so mailed. Any notice or communication mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to such Person by first-class mail or other equivalent means and shall be sufficiently given to such Holder if so mailed within the time prescribed. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for the payment of principal, or premium, if any, on the Notes will be prescribed ten years after the applicable due date for payment thereof. Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for the payment of interest on the Notes will be prescribed five years after the applicable due date for payment of interest.
Currency Indemnity and Calculation of SEK-Denominated Restrictions
SEK is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer and the Guarantors under or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantees, as the case may be, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than SEK, whether as a result of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, any Guarantor or otherwise by any Holder or by the Trustee, in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or a Guarantor will only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or such Guarantor, as applicable, to the extent of the SEK amount, which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so).
