(d) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
(a) The Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 500.000. 000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at the Nominal Amount or at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 1.000. 000.000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 17(e)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder
14
to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with (i) the Working Capital Facility pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), but will receive proceeds from the enforcement of the Transaction Security and certain distressed disposals only after any obligations secured on a super priority basis, including the Working Capital Facility have been repaid in full, and (ii) all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
