The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled.
(a) The Issuer may on one occasion each calendar year, make partial repayments of Bonds in an amount corresponding to a maximum of five (5) per cent. of the aggregate Nominal Amount as of the First Issue Date. Any such partial
19
repayment shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00). The prepayment price for each Bond shall be a premium on the redemption amount as specified in Clause 9.5 considering when the prepayment occurs and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the redemption amount set out in paragraph (a)(ii) of Clause 9.5, together with accrued but unpaid interest.
(b) Partial repayment accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 20 Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent and the repayment shall be made on the immediately following Interest Payment Date.
9.4 Equity Claw Back
(a) The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 30 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such initial public offering and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering). The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as specified in Clause 9.5 considering when the prepayment occurs and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the redemption amount set out in paragraph (a)(ii) of Clause 9.5 and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
(b) Partial repayment accordance with Clause 9.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 20 Business Days' notice notice to the Bondholders and the Agent and the repayment shall be made on the immediately following Interest Payment Date.
9.5 Voluntary total redemption (call option)
