Secondary market and liquidity risk
Currency risks
The Company will pay interest and the principal amount of the Notes in SEK (the lawful currency in Sweden). This will incur currency exchange risks if the investor's operations are mainly conducted in a different currency. A currency exchange risk involves a risk for significant currency exchange rate movements, including devaluation and revaluation, as well as the risk for implementation or amendments to existing currency regulations. A strengthening of the investor's base currency compared to the currency in which the placement is denominated decreases the value of the placement for the investor. Governments and authorities can implement currency controls or currency regulations that will have an impact on the currency exchange rate. The result could be that a Noteholder receives a lower rate of return, final payment or nominal amount than expected.
Euroclear
The Notes are connected to Euroclear's account-based system, which means that no physical notes have been or will be issued. Clearing and settlement relating to the Notes, as well as payment of interest and redemption of the principal amount of the Notes, will be performed within Euroclear's account-based system. The investors are therefore dependant on the functionality of Euroclear's account-based system.
Meeting of Noteholders
The Terms and Conditions include certain conditions regarding the Meeting of Noteholders. Such meetings may be held in order to resolve matters relating to the Noteholders' interests under the Notes. The Terms and Conditions allow for stated majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who have not participated in or voted at the actual meeting in question or who have voted differently than the required majority, to decisions that have been taken at a duly convened and conducted Meeting of Noteholders. Consequently, there is a risk that a Noteholder is bound by resolutions which negatively affect the value of the Notes even if the certain Noteholder did not vote in favour of such resolutions or did not participate in the Meeting of Noteholders.
6
Statement of Responsibility The Company issued the Notes on 15 February 2013. This Prospectus has been prepared in relation to the Company applying for admission of trading of the Notes on the Corporate Bond List on NASDAQ OMX and in accordance with the Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and the rules and regulations in Chapter 2 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. The Company is responsible for the information set out in this Prospectus. The Company confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of the Company's knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors is responsible for the information set out in this Prospectus only under the conditions and to the extent set forth under Swedish law. The Board of Directors confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information in this Prospectus is, to the best of the Board of Directors' knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import.
