Property management
11
individual responsibility and the ability to react swiftly to changes and identify new business opportunities.
The property management team has built a robust platform for Fabege's activities with a high occupancy rate and stable tenants. Responsibility for the operations and development as well as for contacts and relationship-building with its clients in the respective area rests with the area manager. Each area has operations managers, building maintenance technicians, and lettings specialists. Property Management also includes the Business Support department, which consists of a team with specialist expertise in the important area of environmental issues and energy consumption, as well as technology and purchasing.
Property development
Qualified development activities that add value to Fabege's properties constitute the second cornerstone of the Company's business. For Fabege, sustainable urban development entails the development of not only individual properties, but also areas and districts that will remain attractive long term.
The Company has expertise and experience from running property development projects, and strives to attract long-term tenants for properties that have not yet been fully developed and can be redesigned based on the customer's requirements. Fabege's project investments are forwardlooking and designed to improve the environmental characteristics of the properties and reduce vacancy rates, thereby improving cash flows and value growth.
The Company's properties are developed and improved in response to changing demand. Project plans are prepared for new builds, while properties with development potential are acquired, developed and then either transferred to the Group's investment portfolio or sold. New builds and more extensive development projects are always based on the principles of environmental building and energy requirements that comfortably fulfil the criteria for the EU GreenBuilding programme.
Projects aimed at adding value to land and buildings run over a longer period, often 10­15 years. In many cases, planning is initiated in partnership with the local authority in the area where the property or land is located. Together, visions are created for how to develop the area in the best way for the residents, for society as a whole and for Fabege as a company.
