Investments in corporate bonds always entail a certain degree of risk and this is also the case for an investment in bonds issued by the Company. A number of factors, both within the Company's control but also factors not controllable by the Company, affect and may come to affect the Company's profit, financial position and the Notes. The risk factors applicable, both general risks attributable to the Company's operations and risks linked directly to the Notes in their capacity of financial instruments, are described below. The intention is to describe risks that are linked to the Company's business and thus also the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. The below overview of risk factors are not ranked in order of importance.
Additional risk factors which the Company is not currently aware of or that currently is not considered to be material, may also affect the Company's future operations, result and financial position and thus the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
All risk factors described below may potentially adversely affect the Company's operations, financial position and result. In turn this would affect the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Company specific risks
Property values and rental income
The market value of and the rental income from the Company's and the Group's properties is affected by both a number of property-specific factors, such as rent levels, vacancy levels, operating costs, geographical location, infrastructure and environmental effects of the operations and property market factors in general, such as macroeconomic effects, general economic trends, growth, unemployment levels, the rate of production of new premises, population growth, inflation and interest rates.
If the market value of the Company's and the Group's properties decreases, a breach of the covenants (such as loan to value covenants) of the loans owed by the Group could occur, which in turn could result in such loans being accelerated prior to maturity and consequently affecting the Group's liquidity. A material decrease of the market value of the properties would also have a negative impact on the Group's possibilities to dispose of its properties without incurring losses and which in turn may have a significantly negative affect on the Company's financial position and result.
2
Refinancing risk
