26
In the event the Issuer is unable to perform its payment obligations through the CSD in accordance with the above provisions as a consequence of impediments encountered by the CSD as specified in Clause 22 (Limitation of liability etc.), the Issuer shall be entitled to postpone the payment obligation until such time as the impediment has been removed. In such circumstances, interest shall accrue in accordance with the second paragraph of Clause 9 (Default Interest) below.
In the event a party which has received amounts in accordance with the above provision is not entitled to receive such payment, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have performed their relevant obligations. The above-stated shall not apply, however, where the Issuer or the CSD was aware that the sum was improperly paid or where the Issuer or the CSD failed to exercise normal caution.
If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment of the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
§7
EARLY REDEMPTION BY REQUEST OF THE NOTEHOLDERS
If an Early Redemption Event has occurred each Noteholder shall have the option to individually request that the Issuer redeem all or some of its Notes held by the relevant Noteholder (the "Relevant Notes") at a purchase price of 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of the Relevant Notes together with accrued interest within 60 days of being given notice (the "Put Option Period") in accordance with Clause 16 (Notices) by the Issuer that an Early Redemption Event has occurred. Such request must be made in writing and addressed to the Agent in accordance with Clause 16 (Notices). Promptly after the expiry of the Put Option Period, the Agent shall notify the Issuing Agent of each such request, after which each relevant Noteholder's Notes shall be blocked from other transactions by the Issuing Agent. Redemption following such request shall fall 120 days after the notice of such Early Redemption Event is given by the Issuer.
An "Early Redemption Event" shall be deemed to have occurred, if, after the Issue Date, the Agent determines that any of the following events have occurred:
