 cast, or control the casting of, more than fifty per cent. (50%) of the maximum number of votes that can be cast at a general meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer; or
 give directions with respect to the operating and financial policies of the Issuer which the directors or other equivalent officers of the Issuer are obliged to comply with; or
(ii) the holding of more than fifty per cent. (50%) of the issued share capital of the Issuer (excluding any part of that issued share capital that carries no right to participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution of either profits or capital).
"Acting in concert" means, a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actually co-operate, through the acquisition by any of them, either directly or indirectly, of shares in the Issuer, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
If (a) the Issuer fails to fulfil its obligation to list the Notes within two (2) months after the Issue Date or (b) following listing, the Issuer fails to maintain such listing in accordance with Clause 11 (General Covenants - Listing) (each a "Listing Event"), each Noteholder shall have the option to individually request, within thirty (30) Banking Days from the day of such failure (the "Notice Period"), that the Issuer redeem all or some of its Notes held by the relevant Noteholder (the "Redeemable Notes") at a purchase price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of Redeemable Notes together with accrued interest, upon which the Redeemable Notes shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the day falling sixty (60) Banking Days from the day of such Listing Event. Such request must be made in writing and addressed to the Agent in accordance with Clause 16 (Notices). Promptly after the expiry of the Notice Period, the Agent shall notify the Issuing Agent of each such request, after which each relevant Noteholder's Notes shall be blocked from other transactions by the Issuing Agent.
28
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Agent in accordance with Clause 16 (Notices) upon becoming aware of an Early Redemption Event and/or a Listing Event, as the case may be.
The Issuer shall make the cash available to the Issuing Agent to facilitate the redemption no later than 5 Banking Days prior to the relevant redemption date. Upon redemption in accordance with this Clause 7, the relevant Noteholder shall transfer the Relevant Notes or the Redeemable Notes, as the case may be, to a Securities Account as directed by the Issuing Agent. Once the Issuing Agent has received the Relevant Notes or the Redeemable Notes, as the case may be, and the cash from the Issuer, the Issuing Agent shall pay the relevant Noteholder the Principal Amount of the Relevant Notes or the Redeemable Notes, as the case may be, and immediately transfer such Notes to the CSD for cancellation.
§8
