Operating and maintenance costs
Property disposals and acquisitions
The Terms and Conditions do not contain any limitations on the Company's or the Group's possibilities to dispose of its properties or to acquire new properties, other than in respect of the Property. This means that the Group's property portfolio may vary substantially over time and there is also a risk that attractive properties are disposed of whereas less attractive properties may be acquired or not be disposed of, which in turn could result in the market value of the property portfolio of the Group being substantially lower than at present. This could have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. The disposal by the Group of a majority of its properties could also have a significant negative effect on the Group's cash flow and if such properties are sold at a low price. The disposals could also impact the Group's financial position in general. Additionally,
3
all property transactions involve uncertainties, such as the risks of losing tenants, environmental considerations, legal risks or technical problems.
Counterparty risk
When there is a risk that the Company's counterparties are unable to fulfil their obligations towards the Company, there is a counterparty risk. The Company's current and potential customers may find themselves in a situation due to financial circumstances where they cannot pay the agreed rent as it falls due or otherwise abstain from fulfilling their obligations. In addition, counterparty risks within the Company's financial operations arise, inter alia, from the investment of excess liquidity, when derivatives are entered into and upon obtaining long-term and short-term credit agreements. If any counterpart risk arises it may have a significantly negative affect on the Company's financial position and result.
Risk of conflict of interest
Swedbank AB (publ) is both the Bookrunner, Issuing Agent and Standby Facilitator for the Notes and a substantial lender to the Company. This may give rise to certain conflicts of interest.
