Risk of conflict of interest
Risk related to the security package
The Notes are secured by certain security relating to the Property. However, there is a risk that the value of the security will decrease significantly (as a result of e.g. a decrease in the value of the Property, the relevant tenant enters into financial difficulties or the relevant lease agreement is terminated), in which case any proceeds from enforcement of the security may not cover the full amount outstanding under the Notes.
Bankruptcy and similar events and risk of priority
The Company has, as part of its financing, incurred debts to credit institutions. Certain real estate and share certificates in the Company's real estate owning subsidiaries have in connection therewith been pledged as security. Such loans normally constitute a preferential claim on the Company. The Company intends to continue seeking financing in which case further pledges, as part of such new loans, may be provided.
To the extent that the value of the security does not cover the amounts outstanding under the Notes, the Noteholders normally receive payment after any prioritised creditors in the event of the Company's liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy. Every investor should be aware that by investing in the Notes, it risks losing the entire, or parts of, its investment in the event of the Company's liquidation, bankruptcy or company reorganisation.
Additional Mortgages
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Company shall grant security over Additional Mortgages in favour of the Noteholders, in the event that the Loan to Value exceeds 80%. Pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (1987:672) (the "Bankruptcy Act"), such delayed granting or perfection of security may be subject to a hardening period. Therefore, the security over the Additional Mortgages may be of no value to the Noteholders, should the Company become insolvent within certain time limits specified in the Bankruptcy Act after the granting or perfection of such security.
4
