Before the Noteholders may take the Relevant Action pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Noteholders shall notify the Agent of its intention to take the Relevant Action and shall request the Agent to convene a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the procedures set forth in Clause 19 (Meeting of Noteholders) below for the purpose of determining whether the Noteholders should take the Relevant Action jointly against the Issuer, which resolution may be passed by a simple majority.
The Agent may, subject to the Security Documents having become enforceable, enforce the Security Documents upon instruction by the Noteholders, such instruction having been resolved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Meeting of Noteholders).
Notwithstanding the above and always subject to the Security Documents having become enforceable, the Agent may, if in the Agent's opinion, the delay caused by a resolution in accordance with above would adversely affect the value of the Security as such or the interests of the Agent or any of the Noteholders, enforce the Security Documents in accordance with their terms.
§ 18
REPLACEMENT OF AGENT OR ISSUING AGENT
If the Agent becomes subject to company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion), insolvency (Sw. insolvens) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) the Agent's assignment pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, automatically and immediately shall be transferred to a party appointed by the Standby Facilitator. In the event the Agent suspends its payments (Sw. betalningsinställelse) or the Agent in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer otherwise could be deemed insolvent, the Issuer has a right to transfer the Agents assignment by way informing the Agent in writing of such transfer. Upon such notice, the Agent's rights and obligations pursuant to the Agent Agreement and these Terms and Conditions shall be transferred to such party as is appointed by the Standby Facilitator. The Standby Facilitator has accepted the role to appoint a New Agent in accordance with the Agent Agreement and these Terms and Conditions in a separate agreement with the Issuer. If, at any time following an event referred to above, no entity has been assigned as the New Agent (a "Relevant Situation") the Standby Facilitator shall be entitled and obliged to act as the Agent under these Terms and Conditions. Such entitlement and obligation shall last for as long as the Relevant Situation persists.
The Noteholders may resolve to change the Agent pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 19 (Meeting of Noteholders). The Issuer and the Agent shall make sure that the
41
New Agent shall without undue delay, but no later than thirty (30) days after the Noteholders' resolution to appoint the New Agent, enter into an agent agreement with the Issuer on market terms, to the extent possible, by way of transfer the Agent's rights and obligations pursuant to the existing Agent Agreement between the Issuer and the Agent. Upon the entering into of such agreement, the Agent's duty as agent pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and any other Finance Documents shall be terminated.
