41
Upon a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 18 the Issuer and the Agent shall immediately take all actions necessary (including but not limited to procure that the New Agent becomes a party to all necessary Security Documents to which the Agent is a party) in order to effect such change.
When a New Agent has been appointed, the previous Agent or the Standby Facilitator shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the appointment of the New Agent, unless otherwise agreed between the parties. However, the previous Agent shall remain responsible for acts or omissions during the time prior to the appointment of the New Agent, subject to the Standby Facilitator being responsible for acts or omissions during any Relevant Situation and a transfer of any such rights and obligations of the Agent to the New Agent is subject to the requirement that the previous Agent guarantees, as for its own debt, such obligations of the previous Agent towards the Issuer and Noteholders. The New Agent, the Issuer and the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if the New Agent would have been the original Agent. With respect to the duties of the Agent during the time prior to the replacement of the New Agent, the Agent shall continue to enjoy the rights and obligations under the Finance Documents, subject to the Standby Facilitator enjoying such rights and obligations during any Relevant Situation.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a reputable commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial re-organisation according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
§ 19
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS
The Agent shall be entitled to convene a meeting of noteholders ("Meeting of Noteholders") or a procedure in writing ("Written Procedure"), and shall do so following a written request from the Issuer or from Noteholders who, on the day of the request, represent not less than one-tenth of the Voting Loan Amount. A Meeting of Noteholders and a Written Procedure shall hereinafter jointly be referred to as a "Meeting" If the Agent finds it suitable, a Meeting of Noteholders could be combined with a possibility for the Noteholders to vote through a written form. A Notice to attend
42
shall be sent to the Issuer and the Noteholders not less than 20 Banking Days prior a Meeting in accordance with Clause 16 (Notices).
