42
Notice to attend a Meeting shall state the time and place of the Meeting as well as the agenda for the Meeting. In the event that voting can take place by means of an electronic voting procedure, the notice shall clearly state the specific details therefor. In addition, the notice shall state the matters which are to be addressed and resolved upon at the Meeting. The matters must be numbered. The primary content of each proposal presented must be stated. Only matters which are identified in the notice may be resolved upon at the Meeting. In the event that prior notification of intention to attend is necessary in order to entitle a Noteholder to participate at the Meeting, this must be clearly stated in the notice. A proxy form shall be appended to the notice.
A Meeting of Noteholders shall commence with a chairman, keeper of the minutes, and persons to attest the minutes being designated by the Agent unless the Meeting of Noteholders resolves otherwise.
In addition to Noteholders and their respective representatives and assistants, members of the board of directors, the managing director and other senior executives of the Issuer, the Issuer's auditors and legal advisors, the Agent and the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to participate at the Meeting of Noteholders. Representatives must present duly issued proxies to be approved by the chairman.
The Agent shall ensure that a printout of the register of Noteholders (Sw. avstämningsregister) maintained by the CSD as of the close of the fifth (5th) Banking Day prior to the day of the Meeting of Noteholders is available at the meeting. The chairman shall prepare a list of Noteholders present who are entitled to vote, with information regarding the share of the Voting Loan Amount represented by each Noteholder ("Voting Register"). Noteholders who have voted via electronic voting procedures, ballots or the equivalent shall, upon application of this provision, be deemed present at the Meeting of Noteholders. Only those persons who were Noteholders or representatives of such Noteholders on the fifth (5th) Banking Day prior to the date of the Meeting of Noteholders and who are included in the Voting Loan Amount shall be entitled to vote and shall be included in the Voting Register. The Voting Register shall thereafter be approved by the Meeting of Noteholders.
Minutes of the Meeting of Noteholders shall be kept, recording the day and time of the meeting, attendees, matters discussed, results of voting, and resolutions which were adopted. The Voting Register shall be recorded in, or appended to, the minutes. The minutes shall be signed by the keeper of the minutes. They shall be attested by the chairman if the chairman has not kept the minutes, as well as by one of the persons appointed by the Meeting of Noteholders to attest the minutes. The minutes shall thereafter be submitted to the Agent. The minutes shall be sent to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 16 (Notices) no later than ten Banking Days after the Meeting of Noteholders. New or amended Terms and Conditions shall be appended to the minutes and sent to the CSD through the Agent or another party designated by the Agent. The minutes shall be stored in a secure manner by the Agent.
The Agent shall count the results of voting received for a Written Procedure and keep minutes in respect of the result of the Written Procedure. The Agent may, without having an obligation to, request supplements and clarifications with respect to the votes received. The Agent may disregard any votes that are unclear or illegible. The Agent may furthermore disregard votes that do not correspond with the provided voting alternatives or in the event the voting right of a Noteholder is
43
not evidenced by the documents provided by that Noteholder. The Issuer has a right to participate when the results of the voting is counted. Minutes of the Written Procedure shall be produced as soon as possible and be held available to the Noteholders by the Issuer and the Agent.
