If a Meeting of Noteholders is convened and the necessary share of the Voting Loan Amount represented by Noteholders necessary for the meeting to be quorate has not been reached within thirty (30) minutes from the time scheduled for the Meeting of Noteholders, or with respect to a Written Procedure, the necessary votes have not been obtained by the Agent at the end of the scheduled time for filing of votes, the meeting shall be adjourned (and with respect to a Written Procedure, the time for filing of votes be prolonged) until the day which falls one week later (or, if such day is a not a Banking Day, the following Banking Day). If the Meeting is quorate for some, but not all, issues which are to be resolved upon at the meeting, the meeting shall be adjourned (or the time for filing of votes prolonged) after resolutions have been adopted on matters for which the meeting was quorate. Notice that a Meeting has been adjourned (or the time for filing of votes prolonged) and information regarding the time and place of the continued Meeting shall be sent to the Noteholders as soon as possible by the Agent through the agency of the CSD. When an adjourned (or prolonged) Meeting is resumed, the Meeting shall be entitled to adopt resolutions, including Extraordinary Resolutions, if Noteholders representing not less than one-tenth (10%) of the Voting Loan Amount as per the printout of the register of Noteholders which was presented in accordance with the above stated (taking into consideration what is stated below regarding nominees) are present at the meeting (or with respect to a Written Procedure, filed votes). The resumed Meeting shall commence with the preparation of a new voting register by the chairman (on the same principles as set forth above and based on the aforementioned printout of the register of Noteholders). Only Noteholders who are listed in such new voting register shall be entitled to vote at the meeting. A Meeting cannot be adjourned more than once.
44
Extraordinary Resolutions are valid only if they are supported by not less than three quarters (75%) of the votes cast. For all other resolutions, the position which receives more than half (50%) of the votes cast shall prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, no Group Company shall be entitled to vote for any Notes held by it.
Upon application of this Clause, holders of nominee-registered Notes shall be regarded as Noteholders instead of the nominee if the holder presents a certificate from the nominee showing that as of the fifth (5th) Banking Day prior to a Meeting, the person in question was the holder of a Note and stating the size of such person's holding. Managers of nominee-registered Notes shall be deemed present at the Meeting for the number of Notes which the manager has been instructed to represent.
Resolutions adopted at a duly convened and executed Meeting are binding on all Noteholders regardless of whether they were present, and regardless of whether, and how, they have voted at the Meeting. Noteholders who voted in favour of resolutions adopted at the Meeting of Noteholders cannot be held liable for any loss incurred by any other Noteholder as a result of such resolution.
All reasonable expenses of the Agent, the Issuing Agent and the CSD in conjunction with a Meeting shall be defrayed by the Issuer.
A request to convene a Meeting must be submitted to the Agent at the address stated in Clause 16 (Notices). Such correspondence must state whether the business is urgent.
§ 20
NOMINEE REGISTRATION
