Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Company shall grant security over Additional Mortgages in favour of the Noteholders, in the event that the Loan to Value exceeds 80%. Pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (1987:672) (the "Bankruptcy Act"), such delayed granting or perfection of security may be subject to a hardening period. Therefore, the security over the Additional Mortgages may be of no value to the Noteholders, should the Company become insolvent within certain time limits specified in the Bankruptcy Act after the granting or perfection of such security.
New or amended legislation
A change in the current tax legislation resulting in increased property tax or reduced possibilities for interest deductions would result in the Group facing an increased tax burden which could affect the Group's result and financial position.
New legislation or regulations or changes regarding the application of existing legislation or regulations, which are applicable to the Company's operations or its clients or the Notes, may adversely affect the Company's business or an investment in the Notes.
Disputes and litigation
The Company may be or become involved in disputes or subject to other litigation now or in the future. In particular, the Company is subject to certain tax litigation where the Company is requested by the Swedish Tax Authority to pay additional taxes in significant amounts. A negative outcome of a dispute could adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
Note-specific risks
Credit risk
Investors in the Notes are exposed to credit risk in relation to the Company. An investor's possibility to obtain payment in accordance with the Terms and Conditions is therefore dependent on the Company's ability to meet its payment obligations. The Company's financial position is affected by a number of factors, some of which have been described herein. An increase in credit risk may also cause the market to price the Notes with a higher risk premium, which could adversely affect the value of the Notes.
