Credit risk
Early redemption by request of the Company
In certain cases, the Company has pursuant to the Terms and Conditions the right to redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date. Such a right for the Company could affect the market value of the Notes. During a period when the Company is entitled to voluntarily redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes will most likely not be significantly higher than the redemption price set out in the Terms and Conditions. Such effects could also arise prior to the actual redemption period.
The Company could exercise its right to early redemption of the Notes when the market value of the Notes is higher than the relevant redemption price, which could affect the investor's possibilities to re-invest the repaid amount on the same terms as the terms of the redeemed Notes.
Early redemption by request of the Noteholders
Upon the occurrence of certain events, the Company is obliged under the Terms and Conditions to, at the request of any Noteholder, mandatorily redeem the Notes held by such Noteholder at a price and on the terms set out in the Terms and Conditions. If this occurs, the Company will be exposed to an increased liquidity risk, i.e. the risk that the Company cannot fulfil its financial obligations due to a shortage of available cash or cash equivalent assets and that such financial obligations can only be fulfilled at a high financing cost or not at all. In such circumstances the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
5
Secondary market and liquidity risk
Even if the Notes are to be listed on a regulated market such as NASDAQ OMX and available for trading on that market, there may not always be a demand for, and trade in, the Notes. This can result in investors being unable to sell their Notes at a desired time or to a return which is comparable to similar investments that have an existing and functioning secondary market. This lack of an efficient market place and a liquid secondary market may adversely affect the market value of the Notes.
