13.1 The Agent's right to represent the Holders
(b) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent.
(c) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions, no Holder may take any actions whatsoever on its own against the Company in matters relating to the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Company or the making of an administration order in relation to the Company or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Company in respect of any of the liabilities of the Company whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
18
(d) Notwithstanding Section 13.1 (c) above and without having to observe the provisions in Section 12.9 and 13.1, the Holders may jointly (i) take actions to enforce their rights under these Terms and Conditions against the Company if the Agent does not have legal right (Sw. taleratt) to bring an action or initiate a procedure under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions before any courts or other authorities and if the Agent has not been granted a power of attorney to do so, (ii) take any actions which the Agent has refrained from taking if the Agent has been instructed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take such actions and the Agent has refrained from taking the actions within a reasonable time in breach of these Terms and Conditions, and (iii) represent their own holdings of Bonds against the Company if the Agent has notified the Holders that it will not take further actions in accordance with Section 13.4 ((i), (ii) and (iii) are together and individually referred to as a "Relevant Action"). However, any Relevant Action may only be taken after a Holders' meeting has decided to take such action. The Holders' meeting shall be convened in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, a Holders' meeting pursuant to this Section can be convened by the Agent (or by a Holder in accordance with Section 14 (k)) irrespective of whether the requesting Holders represents ten (10) per cent, of the total outstanding Nominal Amount or not. Further, a resolution at a Holders' meeting in accordance with this Section may be passed with simple majority.
13.2 The role and authority of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall monitor the compliance by the Company of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 14 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
(b) In performing its obligations, the Agent has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the
19
