(c) the Amortisations before each Amortisation Date (provided that the Principal Amount shall be reduced with an amount equal to the contributions made pursuant to this paragraph (c)), on the terms set out in the guarantee agreement (the "Guarantee Agreement").
The contributions by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement shall be made as Equity Injections. The amount to be contributed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement (for avoidance of doubt, other than the Principal Guarantee) shall be reduced with the amount received by the Group under the Shareholder Lease Agreements.
"Initial Equity Injection" means an Equity Injection in an amount equal to at least (i) the Marievik Purchase Price plus (ii) an amount equal to the difference between the amount of the Bond Issue and the Net Proceeds, minus (iii) the Allocated Loan Amount for Marievik 22.
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c).
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Intercompany Loans" means any loans from the Issuer (as creditor) and any Subsidiary (as debtor) existing from time to time.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Payment Date" means 30 March, 30 June, 30 September and 30 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 30 June and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
