(d) provided in relation to paragraph (c) in the definition Permitted Debt for interest rate hedging transactions; and
"Persikorött Marievik Ekonomiska förening" means a Swedish cooperative association with reg.no. 769633-2472, to be acquired by Mariefjärd Marievik 22 Holding, Mariefjärd Marievik Holding 1 and Mariefjärd Marievik Holding 2.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Planned Projects" means, provided that the new zoning plans (Sw. detaljplan) have been approved, the planned development of the Properties into residential housing in accordance with the new zoning plans (Sw. detaljplan) (including any necessary demolishment, alterations and rebuilding).
"Properties" means the Marievik Properties and the Fjärdingen Properties, collectively.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 14.10(a) (Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing the Trustee is entitled to, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Trustee determines (but such date may not fall after the Final Maturity Date), and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Trustee may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14.10(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(g) The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Trustee decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
