(i) evidence that Subsequent Transaction Security has been granted and perfected or will be perfected immediately following disbursement of the Subsequent Amount from the Escrow Account;
(iii) evidence that the Subsequent Equity Injection has been made; and
(iv) evidence that all conditions set out in the sale and purchase agreement relating to the acquisition of the Fjärdingen Properties (except for payment of the purchase price) have been satisfied or waived and that the acquisition of the Fjärdingen Properties will be completed immediately upon disbursement of the Subsequent Amount from the Escrow Account.
(b) If the Conditions Precedent for Subsequent Disbursement have not been fulfilled before 1 November 2017, the Subsequent Amount shall remain on the Escrow Account and may only be applied towards repayments of the Nominal Amount if otherwise permitted under the Terms and Conditions.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Trustee when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Trustee.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Trustee shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
