(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Trustee.
21. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
22. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or the Guarantor or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
43
(b) Clause 22(a) shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 20.1(c)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Trustee Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 20.2(o), such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 20.2(p) before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 22(a).
(c) The provisions of Clause 22(a) shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.4 ( Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
