"Management Agreement" means the agreement dated 30 August 2011 entered into between the Vessel Manager and the Issuer and Seisranger AS, respectively, for the operational, technical and commercial management of the Vessels, and any replacement thereof (including (if applicable) one with the Internal Bareboat Charterer) which shall be subject to the prior consent of the Bond Trustee (not to be unreasonably withheld).
(a) Fugro Saltire is sold or disposed of;
(b) the Parent ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of 100% of the shares in the Issuer and/or the Internal Bareboat Charterer (if applicable); or
(c) any of the Vessels is expropriated or hijacked (in each case, exceeding twenty-one (21) days).
"Margin" means 6.75 per cent (6.75%) per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of any Obligor or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) any Obligor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 4 September 2018. Any adjustment wilt be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgages" means the first priority mortgages and the declarations of pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Vessels (cross-collateralised), including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessels under applicable law.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
