"Mortgages" means the first priority mortgages and the declarations of pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Vessels (cross-collateralised), including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessels under applicable law.
0^
#4224889/1
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway. "Obligor" means the issuer and any Guarantor. "Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. "Parent Assignment of Subordinated Loans and Existing Internal Loans" means a first priority assignment in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) of any rights of the Parent under any Subordinated Loan and the relevant Existing Internal Loans. "Parent Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Parent's equity (on an unconsolidated basis) which is treated as equity in accordance with GAAP, as determined by reference to the then most recent audited unconsolidated Financial Statements or the latest Interim Account (as the case may be). "Parent Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Parent Equity to Parent Total Assets. "Parent Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Parent's total assets (on an unconsolidated basis) which are treated as assets in accordance with GAAP, as determined by reference to the then most recent audited unconsolidated Financial Statements or the latest Interim Account (as the case may be). "Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees). "Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds. "Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement. "Permitted Distribution" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 14.7.2(e). "Permitted Sale" shall mean the sale of Seisranger according to the procedures set out in Clause 14.7.1. "Pre-Disbursement Security" means the Security Interests save for the Escrow Account Pledge and any IBC Security. "Project Documents" means: (a) any Charter; (b) any Internal Bareboat Charter; (c) any Management Agreement; (d) any Subordinated Loan Agreement; and (e) any Internal Loan Agreement.
#4224889/1
"Quiet Enjoyment Letter" means any quiet enjoyment letter which may be issued to a Client by the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) on standard industry terms and which shall include an undertaking that for as long as:
(a) the Client is not in breach of any obligations under the relevant Charter, which breach would permit the termination of the Charter; and
(b) payment of all amounts due and payable under the relevant Charter is duly made pursuant to the terms thereof,
then, the rights and remedies of the Bond Trustee under the relevant Mortgage shall be subordinated and subject to the rights and remedies of the Client under the relevant Charter, and the Bond Trustee shall not disturb or interfere with the quiet and peaceful use, possession and enjoyment of the Vessel by the Client under the relevant Charter, provided that the Quiet Enjoyment Letter may only be issued if the Quiet Enjoyment Letter provides for the Bond Trustee (i) to (if applicable) be notified by the Client if the vessel owner is in default under the Charter and be granted the right to remedy such breach, and (ii) in case of an Event of Default under this Agreement which is not remedied, to have a right to assign the relevant Vessel and Charter to a nominee of the Bond Trustee, being reasonably satisfactory to the Client.
