20 (45)
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than 20, Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to the Nominal Amount with the addition of the then applicable call premium as described in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 13.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15thcalendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Mandatory early redemption upon a Permitted Disposal or Total Loss Event (a) In the event of a Permitted Disposal of any of the Vessels, the Issuer shall, as soon as possible and no later than upon deletion of the relevant Mortgage, redeem 50 per cent, of the Bonds at a price equal to the Nominal Amount with the addition of the then applicable call premium as described in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), plus the accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds.
(b) Upon a Total Loss Event occurring, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds related to such Total Loss Event are available, and in any event no later than 180 days after the Total Loss Event, redeem 50 per cent, of the Bonds at a price equal to the Nominal Amount with the addition of the then applicable call premium as described in Clause
21 (45)
