(b) Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds:
The Maintenance Test is met if, subject to the Equity Cure, the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA is not greater than 6.00 during the period from (and including) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date. The Maintenance Test to be tested on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December (each a "Quarter Date") on the basis of the Financial Report in respect of the period ending on such Quarter Date and shall be reported in the Compliance Certificate delivered in connection with such Financial Report. First test of the Maintenance Test to occur on the 31 December 2018.
Equity Cure
If, within twenty (20) Business Days of the delivery of a Compliance Certificate evidencing a breach of the Maintenance Test, the Issuer has received an equity injection in cash by way of a share issue in the Issuer or an unconditional shareholder contribution to the Issuer in a sufficient amount to ensure compliance with the Maintenance Test (the "Cure Amount"), no Event of Default will occur. Upon receipt of the Cure Amount, the calculation of the Maintenance Test shall, for the purpose of the calculations of the Maintenance Test only, be adjusted by increasing EBITDA by an amount equal to the Cure Amount. Any Equity Cure made in any calendar quarter shall be included until such time as that calendar quarter falls outside the Relevant Period. Any Equity Cure must be made in cash to the Company and no more than three (3) Equity Cures may be made over the lifetime of the Bonds. Equity Cures may not be made in respect of any consecutive calendar quarters.
Calculation Principles:
For the purpose of the Incurrence Test, the calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than 2 months prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness (including any Subsequent Bond Issue), which requires that the Incurrence Test is met. For the purpose of the Distribution Test, the calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than 2 months prior to the payment of the Restricted Payment, which requires that the Distribution Test is met. The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the Restricted Payment or the new Financial Indebtedness (as applicable), provided that such Financial Indebtedness is an interest bearing obligation
7
Definitions:
(however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt).
