"Acquisition Failure Event" means if the acquisition of the Target is not completed at the latest on 31 August 2018 or if the acquisition of the Target is annulled by the Competition Authority (Sw. Konkurrensverket).
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw.julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form provided to the Agent as a Condition Precedent for Disbursement, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, (ii)
8
if provided in connection with the payment of any Restricted Payment or the incurrence of any new Financial Indebtedness (including any Subsequent Bond Issue), which requires that the Distribution Test, the Incurrence Test is met (as applicable) and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio, and (iii) whether the Maintenance Test is satisfied or not (including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA).
"Earn-out Obligation" means any obligation to pay a vendor an additional compensation calculated on the basis of positive EBITDA performance of the acquired asset.
