The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to cany out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
17
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
13.3 General Covenants
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Group Company shall not
