10.2.1
10.3
conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a compliance certificate (i) containing a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it), and (ii) attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are admitted to trading. The compliance certificate shall be in a form agreed between the Issuer and the Agent and include a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred and that the financial undertakings set out in Clause 12 (Financial Undertakings) have been met, including figures and the basis on which the Equity Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio, have been calculated.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
Information from the Agent
The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
If a committee representing the Bondholders' interests under the Finance Documents has been appointed by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders), the members of such committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information received from the Issuer, provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of such members, is beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders. The Agent shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the members of the committee.
Information among the Bondholders
