"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue.
6
Execution Version
"Market Adjusted Net Worth" means Total Market Adjusted Assets less Total Indebtedness.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 27 June 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Maximum Leverage" means the ratio of Total Indebtedness to Total Assets.
"MLP" means a master limited partnership whose limited partnership shares are traded on a regulated market place or a securities exchange established by a sponsor and which is managed and controlled by a General Partner with a number of limited partners (with customary limited voting rights in the MLP) as investors in which the profit is paid to the partners based on "available cash" with an aim of maximizing the MLP's distributions, but so that the actual distributions are based on the General Partner's discretion.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
