(ii) accounting effects resulting from internal Group transactions
"NOK" means Norwegian Kroner (NOK), being the legal currency of Norway.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f Bonds).
"Norwegian Government Rate" means the Norwegian government rate for the relevant period of time (or the rate obtained by way of interpolation on a linear basis between two Norwegian Government rates; one for a tenor which is longer and one for a tenor which is shorter, than the relevant period of time) made available from Norges Bank on the relevant record date, in each case as determined by the Bond Trustee. If the aforementioned rate is unavailable on the relevant date and/or it is not possible to obtain an interpolated rate, the Bond Trustee may select a rate it deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably). If the Noiwegian government rate obtained is less than zero, it shall be deemed to be zero.
"Ordinary Course of Business" means the Issuer's general investment activities (not being restricted to any particular industiy) as well as the commercial activities of the Group from time to time, at the present relating mainly to: real estate ownership, real estate development, hotel and resort operations, preschools, education, temporary housing, health and care services, integration services (including boarding, interpretation and matching on the labour market), travel and tourism, general staffing services, as well as investing in enterprises within the aforementioned and related industries.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds issued in accordance with these Bond Terms to the extent not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD, being DNB Bank ASA.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
