These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, fding, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
The entry into and perfoimance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with: (a) any law or regulation or judicial or official order;
(b) its constitutional documents; or
(c) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
20 (48)
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required: (a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect. 7.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been stalled or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries. 7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. 7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of its most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated. 7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms. 7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 2.4. 7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of the Issuer in conflict with these Bond Terms.
