(ii) the Issuer shall give notice to the Bond Trustee of the occurrence of such event, giving reasonable details thereof, (a "Mandatory Buy Back Notice"); and
26 (48)
Notice at 100% of par value, plus accrued interests up to and including the settlement date for such offer.
(b) The Mandatory Buy Back Offer shall be limited to an amount equal to the book value of the disposed asset plus an amount equal to 50 per cent, of the net proceeds above booked value received in Cash and Cash Equivalents by the Issuer through the Mandatory Buy Back Event, however such amount shall never be higher than 100 per cent, of the net proceeds received in Cash and Cash Equivalents by the Issuer through the Mandatoiy Buy Back Event. The amount thus decided shall be applied pro rata between any Bondholders that have decided to sell.
(c) To the extent the sale proceeds exceeds the amount necessary to buy back Bonds, any surplus is to be released to the Issuer from the blocked account and the Issuer shall be released from the Mandatoiy Buy Back Offer Pledge. Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to a Mandatory Buy Back Offer shall immediately be discharged.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer and any Group Company may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
