21.2.2 21.2.3
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security and the Guarantees pursuant to the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement on behalf of the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security and claim under the Guarantees on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the content, due execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security.
The Agent is not obligated to actively assess or monitor (i) the financial condition of the Issuer or any Group Company, (ii) the compliance by the Issuer or any Group Company of the terms of the Finance Documents (unless expressly set out in the Finance Documents) or (iii) whether an Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred or not (unless expressly set out in the Finance Documents).
The Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions of the Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, without having to first obtain any consent from the Issuer or the Noteholders, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
