(e) any time from and including the first Business Day falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Note equal to 100.55 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice and not more than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Voluntary partial redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem an amount not exceeding ten (10) per cent. of the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at such time on one occasion per each twelve month period (without carry-back or carry forward) following the First Issue Date, at an amount equal to the call option amount set out in Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption amount (call option)) above for the relevant period together with any accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amounts. Partial redemption shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata (in each case rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00).
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in part at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor.
Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Listing Event (call option)
Provided that at least sixty-five (65) per cent. of the aggregate Initial Nominal Amount of the Initial Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer may on one or more occasions and in connection with an Equity Listing Event redeem in part up to thirty-five (35) per cent. of the total aggregate Nominal Amount o fthe Notes outstanding from time to time at a price
Execution version 22(53)
10.5.2
