Execution version 22(53)
10.0 10.6.1 10.6.2 10.6.3
l(i" 10.7.1
10.7.2
equal to the call option amount applicable for the relevant period applying Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption amount (call option)), together with any accrued but unpaid Interest on the redeemed amount. Partial redemption shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00). Payment to the Noteholders to be done following a redemption pursuant to this Clause 10.5.1 must be done on an Interest Payment Date falling within 180 days after the relevant Equity Listing Event and be made with funds not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (after having deducted fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with the offering as well as taxes paid or payable as a result of the offering).
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 10.5.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The applicability of Clause 10.6.1 shall be supported by a legal opinion issued by a reputable law firm.
