10.7.4 10.7.5 10.7.6 10.7.7 10.8
If Noteholders representing more than 85 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.7, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.7.1 or 10.7.2 send a notice to the remaining Noteholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.7.3. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 10.7.3.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.7, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.7 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.7 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may not cancel any Notes held by it.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.7, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 10.7 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 10.7, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.7 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
Restrictions on repurchase or redemption upon a Payment Block Event
No repurchases or redemption of Notes may be made by the Issuer or any Group Company for as long as a Payment Block Event is continuing. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure by the Issuer to timely repurchase or redeem the Notes shall constitute an Event of Default and the unpaid amount shall carry default interest pursuant to Clause 9.4.
Execution version 24(53)
