The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims that are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application and for other obligations that are mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of any of the Group Companies with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting any Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Companies shall cease to
carry out the general nature or scope of its business, if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Companies shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's aggregate assets or operations, unless
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
