(1) an event where the Issuer ceases to hold, directly or indirectly, 100 % of the ownership and voting rights of Teekay Offshore Operating L.P. (a limited partnership organized in Marshall Islands with Company No. 950011);
(2) an event where Teekay Corporation (a company incorporated in the Marshall Islands with Company No. 3521) ceases to hold, directly or indirectly, a minimum of 51% of the ownership and voting rights of the GP.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Default" means an Event of Default or any event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1 (Events of Default) which would (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfillment of any other applicable condition or any combination of the foregoing) be an Event of Default under any Finance Document.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, and (iii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of: (a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit; (b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; (c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract
