"Issuing Agent" means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Swedish Reg. No. 516401-9811, P.O. Box 7523, SE-103 92 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"KFS Financing Repayment Instructions" means the evidence of the amount required to repay the KFS Financing (including all accrued but unpaid interest) on the Completion Date and that the Security and guarantees in respect of the KFS Financing will be discharged upon such payment, including duly executed release notice(s) from the Main Shareholder under the KFS Financing.
"Listing Failure Event" means that (i) the Notes are not admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market) within the Listing Period, or (ii) following a successful listing and subsequent de-listing of the Notes from the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market) the Notes are not re-listed by the date falling sixty (60) calendar days from the date of the de-listing.
"Listing Period" means sixty (60) calendar days from (and excluding) the First Issue Date.
"Main Shareholder" means Konsumentföreningen Stockholm med omnejd ekonomisk förening, a cooperative (ekonomiskförening) with registration number 702002-1445.
"Margin" means 6.00 per cent.per annum.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness in the form of commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, notes or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on any Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform
Execution version 6(50)
