"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bookrunner" means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) the shares of the Issuer are delisted from Nasdaq Stockholm or (ii) one or more persons, not being the Main Shareholder, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than thirty (30) per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer.
Execution version 2(50)
"Completion Date' means the date of the Agent's approval of the disbursement of the proceeds from the Escrow Account.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the form appended to these Terms and Conditions as Schedule 1 (Form o f Compliance Certificate), signed by the CEO or the CFO or any authorised signatory of the Issuer on behalf of the Issuer, certifying (a) that, so far as the Issuer is aware, no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (b) that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect thereof, if relevant.
