10.4.3 10.4.4
10.5.1 10.5.2 10.5.3
10.5.4
The applicability of Clause 10.4.1 or 10.4.2 shall be supported by a legal opinion issued by a reputable law firm.
The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 10.4.1 and repurchase pursuant to Clause 10.4.2 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem, or repurchase (in which case each relevant Noteholder is bound to sell), as the case may be, the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.5.1 and 10.5.2.
