The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.5, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.5 by virtue of the conflict.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 10.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 10.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.5 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
Restrictions on repurchase or redemption upon a Payment Block Event
No repurchases or redemption of Notes may be made by the Issuer or any Group Company for as long as a Payment Block Event is continuing. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure by the Issuer to timely repurchase or redeem the Notes shall constitute an Event of Default and the unpaid amount shall carry default interest pursuant to Clause 9.4 during such period.
TRANSACTION SECURITY AND GUARANTEES
Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and applicable limitation language, as continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, pledges over all shares in each Material Subsidiary are granted as Transaction Security to the Secured Parties (represented by the Security Agent) under the Security Documents.
The Issuer shall procure that all shares in each Guarantor are pledged to the Secured Parties as continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, immediately upon the Guarantor acceding to the Guarantor Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement.
Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and applicable limitation language, each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally, as principal obligor (proprieborgen), guarantees to the Secured Parties the punctual performance by the Issuer of the Secured Obligations in accordance with and subject to the Guarantee Agreement.
