Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, Danske Bank Markets, DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS.
"Margin" means 4.25 per cent. (4.25%) per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any o f the Finance Documents.
"Material Subsidiary" means any Group Company whose (i) total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated assets of the Group, (ii) total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated net sales of the Group, (iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date or (iv) any Subsidiary owning any of the Cabu vessels, always provided that the Issuer shall, if required, appoint subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to procure that Subsidiaries not being Material Subsidiaries shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated net sales/tumover, gross assets or net assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Maturity Date" means 20 March 2020. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt of the Group less Cash and Cash Equivalents and adjusted for the market value of any currency hedging rate relevant to the Bond Issue of the Group if defined as interest-bearing debt under NGAAP.
"NGAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in Norway. To the extent that the Issuer elects or is required to conform its periodical financial reports with the requirements of the IFRS regulations and such guidelines and standards as shall be recommended from time to time by the International Accounting Standards Board, or if there have been made any material changes to NGAAP or IFRS or the interpretation of such accounting principles, the Issuer and the Trustee will conduct a review of the impact thereof on the Issuer's consolidated financial statements. Amendments shall be made to the financial covenants (if necessary) and their levels in numbers / requirements in order to enable the Trustee to apply thereunder the same financial tests with in effect the same levels in numbers / requirements as set forth above as the Trustee would have been able to do had the Issuer continued to prepare its consolidated financial statements in accordance with the accounting principles applied by it at the date of the distribution of the Bond Loan. The Trustee
