a-
shareholders (included but not limited to Total Return Swaps involving the Issuer's shares). Notwithstanding the limitations above, repayment of shareholder loan(s) that have been entered into prior to the Issue Date may occur if similar loans and/or cash funds are made available to the Issuer from other financial sources (i.e. cash neutral). Furthermore, if the shareholders make available loa ns to the Issuer after the Issue Date then such new loans may be repaid to the shareholders during the term of the Bonds.
(b) Equity Ratio The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basis for the Group, maintain an Equity Ratio of more than 1.25.
(c) Minimum free cash The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basis for the Group, maintain unencumbered (not specifically restricted in escrow accounts) Cash o f minimum NOK 250,000,000 at all times.
(d) Gearing Ratio The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basis for the Group, maintain a Gearing Ratio of less than 1.0.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
