(a) The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 400,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that (i) the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma including such Financial Indebtedness), and (ii) that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 1,000,000,000.
(e) Except as set out in Clause 5 (Transfer restrictions) below, and subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(f) The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them provided that the Senior Bonds ranks with priority to the Bonds with respect to the security provided for the Senior Bonds.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer orthe Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
13
3. Use of Proceeds
The Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds shall be applied against (i) financing general corporate purposes of the Group in an amount up to SEK 300,000,000 and (ii) finance the Exchange Offer in an amount up to SEK 100,000,000. Any proceeds from any issuance of Subsequent Bonds shall be applied against financing general corporate purposes of the Group.
