10.3 Voluntary early redemption - Equity Clawback in connection with an IPO (a) The Issuer may at any time from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First Call Date on no less than ten (10) days and no more than thirty (30) days prior notice use the net cash proceeds received by the Group from an IPO or, following an IPO, the equivalent amount of cash on the Issuer's balance sheet to repay at 105% of the Nominal Amount of an amount of Bonds not exceeding 30% of the sum of the Initial Issue Amount (the "Equity Clawback").
33 (65)
redemption, provided that such interest shall not be included in the calculation of the amount of Bonds the Issuer is permitted to repay in accordance with this provision.
(c) For the avoidance of doubt, redemption in accordance with this Clause 10.3 may be exercised in addition to the Call Option in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption -- Call Option).
10.4 Voluntary early redemption - Tax event (a) If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any tax from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds at a price equal to 100% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest).
(b) The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the relevant repayment date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory repurchase ~ Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the ` Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101.0 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the twentieth (20th) Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
