(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o f Bondholders' Meeting).
17.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders'' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
17.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
50(65)
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
