5.3
37
BUSINESS OF TALVIVAARA
A s the Guarantor is the sole operative subsidiary o f the Issuer and carries out the mining and mineral activities at the Talvivaara mine, the description o f Talvivaara's business under this Section "Business o f Talvivaara" is also the description o f the Guarantor's business, unless information on the Guarantor has been separately provided, or the context otherwise requires.
Overview
Talvivaara is an internationally significant base metals producer with its primary focus on nickel and zinc. Talvivaara's main asset is the Talvivaara mine in Sotkamo, Finland. The Talvivaara polymetallic deposits, Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi, comprise one of the largest known sulphide nickel resources in Europe. The classified mineral resources are currently estimated by Talvivaara at 1,550 million tonnes of ore, of which 1,121 million tonnes are in measured and indicated categories.
Talvivaara started its operations in the Talvivaara mine in 2008 and produced its first commercial quantities of nickel sulphide in February 2009. Following this, Talvivaara has focused on ramping up its production. As by-products of the mine, Talvivaara produces zinc and cobalt and also expects to produce copper starting in 2012. In addition, in February 2010, Talvivaara announced its plan to recover uranium in the form of uranium oxide as a by-product. The Finnish Government granted the requested license under the Nuclear Energy Act on 1 March 2012. However, the application for environmental permit is pending as at the date of this Prospectus.
Talvivaara supplies metal intermediates, such as mixed nickel cobalt sulphide, zinc sulphide and copper sulphide, to companies with metal refining operations. Talvivaara has entered into a 10-year off-take agreement with Norilsk Nickel for the entire output of the Talvivaara mine's nickel and cobalt production at market prices. In January 2010, Talvivaara Sotkamo entered into the Zinc in Concentrate Streaming Agreement with Nyrstar for the delivery of its entire zinc in concentrate production to Nyrstar until a total of 1.25 million tonnes of zinc in concentrate has been delivered. Further, Talvivaara Sotkamo entered into a uranium off-take agreement with Cameco in February 2011.
Talvivaara develops the Talvivaara deposits using technology known as bioheapleaching. This technology harnesses locally occurring, live bacteria for the extraction of metals from ore. During the last few years, Talvivaara has demonstrated the viability of using bioheapleaching technology for the extraction of nickel from the Talvivaara ore. The Talvivaara ore body is well suited to open-pit mining due to thin overburden, favourable resource geometry and a low waste to ore ratio. The ore is of a relatively low grade (0.22 per cent nickel), but is well suited to bioheapleaching due to its high sulphide content and low pH, which enables rapid leaching and reduces the need for chemical catalysis.
