The construction of the Talvivaara mine commenced in April 2007 and continued throughout 2008, with focus in the first half of 2008 on preparations for mining, materials handling and bioheapleaching operations, and in the second half of 2008 on the completion of the metals recovery plant. In January 2008, the Talvivaara mine was connected to the Finnish national main grid by a 43 kilometre power line constructed from the Vuolijoki substation to the mine. In addition, construction of the 25 kilometre Talvivaara-Murtomäki railway, which began in February 2008, was completely commissioned and permitted in November 2009, before which limited production from the mine was transported by truck. The railway became part of the national railway network in September 2011. In 2009, Talvivaara focused on ramping up its production and generated its first sales revenues. Commercially significant production at the Talvivaara mine began in February 2009.
Talvivaara's shares were admitted to trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange in June 2007 (trading symbol "TALV"). Talvivaara is included in the FTSE 250 Index. In addition, Talvivaara's shares were admitted to trading on the Helsinki Stock Exchange in May 2009 (trading symbol "TLV1V").
Recent Trends
Following general sentiment driven weakness during the latter half of 2011, nickel and base metals prices more broadly have shown signs of recovery in early 2012. Volatility is however expected to remain at an elevated level, as investors and other market participants assess the likely outcome of the European sovereign debt crisis as well as the global growth outlook.
Barring a severe global recession, significant downside to nickel prices beyond levels already seen in late 2011 would appear to be capped by marginal costs of production. Talvivaara continues to believe the longer term support level to be around U.S.$ 20,000 per tonne.
Talvivaara expects the global nickel market to remain broadly balanced from a supply-demand perspective. Several new laterite nickel projects have continued to face commissioning issues, and it appears increasingly likely that their contribution to supply in the near term will be limited. Chinese nickel pig iron (NPI) production is expected to also balance the market as the utilisation rate of this capacity tends to quickly react to variations in nickel price.
Key Strengths
Extensive sulphide nickel resource with a long mine life. The Talvivaara polymetallic deposits, Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi, comprise one of the largest known sulphide nickel resources in Europe. The Talvivaara deposits have an estimated 1,121 million tonnes of ore in measured and indicated categories, which is estimated to support projected production for several decades.
Favourable characteristics o f the Talvivaara deposits. The Talvivaara deposits have a thin overburden and a low average waste to ore ratio of 1/1, making the deposits easy to mine. The ore is relatively low grade (0.22 per cent nickel), but is well suited to open-pit mining and also bioheapleaching due to its high sulphide content and low pH, which enables rapid leaching and reduces the need for chemical catalysis.
