Extensive sulphide nickel resource with a long mine life. The Talvivaara polymetallic deposits, Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi, comprise one of the largest known sulphide nickel resources in Europe. The Talvivaara deposits have an estimated 1,121 million tonnes of ore in measured and indicated categories, which is estimated to support projected production for several decades.
Cost-effective and scalable bioheapleaching technology. The bioheapleaching technology used by Talvivaara has proven to enable cost-effective development and exploitation of the sulphide nickel resource. The technology provides Talvivaara with significant cost advantages, both in terms of capital and operational costs.
Demonstrated successful ramp-up o f production. Talvivaara has already demonstrated that all of its production processes can perform at the planned design capacity levels, and that the bioheapleaching technology is a suitable and effective method for extracting metals from Talvivaara's ore deposits. Talvivaara produced 16,087 tonnes of nickel in 2011, and increasingly evolved from a project towards a stable process plant.
39
Secured long-term agreements fo r nickel, cobalt and zinc and uranium. Talvivaara supplies metal intermediaries, such as mixed nickel cobalt sulphide, zinc sulphide, copper sulphide and uranium oxide, to companies with metal refining operations. Talvivaara has entered into a 10-year off-take agreement for nickel and cobalt with Norilsk Nickel and it has entered into a Zinc in Concentrate Streaming Agreement with Nyrstar for sale of its zinc concentrate production to Nyrstar until a total of 1.25 million tonnes of zinc in concentrate have been delivered. Talvivaara also has a long-term off-take agreement with Cameco for sale of Talvivaara's entire uranium production until 2027.
Favourable operational environment in Finland. With good infrastructure, subsidy policies and an economically and politically stable operating environment together with readily available mining expertise, Finland provides a favourable environment for operating a mine.
Financial flexibility and strengthened capital base. Talvivaara has proven, diversified access to financing across the capital structure to secure sufficient liquidity and to manage volatility inherent to the commodity markets. Talvivaara also strengthened its capital base through a directed share issue in February 2012, demonstrating the support and commitment of Talvivaara's major shareholders.
M anagement team with extensive industry experience. The Group has a dedicated team of leading geology and mining experts, including G. Edward Haslam, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, who has significant experience in the mining industry having served as the Chief Executive Officer of Lonmin Plc from 2000 to 2004 as well as serving on boards of several other mining companies. Mr. Pekka Perä, Talvivaara's founder and Chief Executive Officer, has approximately 16 years of experience in successfully managing a number of large mining projects both in Finland and internationally. Mr. Harri Natunen, who joined Talvivaara on 19 March 2012 and will succeed Mr. Pekka Perä as the Chief Executive Officer on 26 April 2012, has over 30 years of operational and managerial experience in the international mining industry, including a long term successful track record in the Finnish mining sector. Subject to their reappointment at Talvivaara's Annual General Meeting of shareholders on 26 April 2012, Mr. Pekka Perä will become Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and G. Edward Haslam will retire from the position of the chairman of the Board of Directors, but he will continue to serve Talvivaara as non-executive director. The core team is supported by industry experts, some of whom have worked with the Talvivaara ore body for nearly 20 years.
Corporate Strategy
