M anagement team with extensive industry experience. The Group has a dedicated team of leading geology and mining experts, including G. Edward Haslam, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, who has significant experience in the mining industry having served as the Chief Executive Officer of Lonmin Plc from 2000 to 2004 as well as serving on boards of several other mining companies. Mr. Pekka Perä, Talvivaara's founder and Chief Executive Officer, has approximately 16 years of experience in successfully managing a number of large mining projects both in Finland and internationally. Mr. Harri Natunen, who joined Talvivaara on 19 March 2012 and will succeed Mr. Pekka Perä as the Chief Executive Officer on 26 April 2012, has over 30 years of operational and managerial experience in the international mining industry, including a long term successful track record in the Finnish mining sector. Subject to their reappointment at Talvivaara's Annual General Meeting of shareholders on 26 April 2012, Mr. Pekka Perä will become Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and G. Edward Haslam will retire from the position of the chairman of the Board of Directors, but he will continue to serve Talvivaara as non-executive director. The core team is supported by industry experts, some of whom have worked with the Talvivaara ore body for nearly 20 years.
Talvivaara is an internationally significant base metals producer with its primary focus on nickel and zinc, aiming to achieve profit margins equal to or better than those achieved by comparable base metal mining companies. The key components of Talvivaara's strategy are:
Ensure the position o f the Talvivaara mine as a world-leading low-cost nickel producer. For the last four years, the primary focus of Talvivaara's operations has been on the effective development of the Talvivaara deposits into a well managed, profitable mining operation. Upon reaching its currently planned full production capacity of approximately 50,000 tonnes of nickel annually, the Talvivaara mine will be one of the 10 largest nickel mines globally. Talvivaara also anticipates its cost-efficient bioheapleaching technology and large scale of operations will contribute to a low cash cost of production and competitive profit margins.
Maintain a strong financial profile. Talvivaara's aim is to maintain a strong financial profile through cash flow generated from operations and sustained operating and capital cost discipline.
Growth through sustainable bioheapleaching technology. In line with its strategy to exploit its mineral resources as efficiently as possible, Talvivaara actively studies opportunities to recover additional metals, such as manganese, from the Talvivaara ore. In the longer term, Talvivaara is also considering processing the leached metals further downstream into refined metals to add further value through its operations.
Growth through expansion o f the Talvivaara mine. Based on available exploration data and geological characteristics of the region, Talvivaara estimates that the resource base in the Talvivaara area is sufficient for production expansion beyond the currently planned capacity of approximately 50,000 tonnes of nickel annually, and that production expansion at Talvivaara would be cost efficient in international comparison. Conceptual studies for further production expansion started in 2010 and continue with the tentative target of executing the new investment programme in 2014-2018 and commencing a gradual ramp-up of the expanded production from 2016 onwards.
Focus on personnel development, performance and motivation. The number of employees at Talvivaara has increased from approximately 50 at the time of Talvivaara's listing in 2007 to 461 as at 31 December 2011. The rapid increase in personnel poses a considerable challenge as skilled employees are critical to the successful ramp-up and profitable operations of the Group. In order to secure the availability of competent personnel, Talvivaara has trained most of its workforce in tailored training programmes and continues to recruit employees through apprenticeship arrangements. The competence of Talvivaara's personnel is also developed and maintained through further training, which also promotes job rotation and aims at ensuring that professional skills supporting Talvivaara's strategy can be met from internal resources.
40
During the fourth quarter of 2011, Talvivaara launched the "Talvivaara Way of Working" programme which is targeted at improving all operational procedures and creating a shared and consistent working environment. Furthermore, Talvivaara aims to maintain and improve personnel performance and retention through bonuses and long term incentive plans that reward safe and productive operational performance as well as improvement in the Talvivaara share price.
