Three mineralogical ore types can be distinguished in the Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi ore bodies: fine-grained dissemination, sulphide breccia and skarn ore. The average sulphide mineral content of the ore bodies is approximately 15 to 25 per cent. The main sulphides are pyrrhotite, pyrite, chalcopyrite, sphalerite and pentlandite. Pentlandite contains between 75 to 88 per cent of the nickel and pyrrhotite is the second most important mineral in terms of nickel content. Pyrite contains the majority (between 67 and 90 per cent) of the contained cobalt while chalcopyrite carries copper and sphalerite carries zinc.
During 2011, Talvivaara's geological activities focused primarily on resource infill drilling to improve geological mapping of already known ore profiles. Apart from a brief campaign at the Kuusilampi deposit in early 2011, drilling was carried out at the Kolmisoppi deposit where mining operations have not yet commenced. In total, approximately 11,000 metres were drilled during 2011.
In drillings performed in 2011, Talvivaara investigated the Kolmisoppi mineral deposit to determine how far north it extends. Drilling operations proceeded as planned and showed that the area offers excellent ore exploration potential, providing Talvivaara with an excellent opportunity to further grow its mineral resources.
The investigative drillings confirmed that, in its currently known form, the Kolmisoppi deposit extends at least 2.5 kilometres north. Preliminary drillings in the northern extension were completed at the end of the year. These were followed by further drillings to obtain more detailed information on the quantity and quality of the ore. By the time Talvivaara's mineral resource estimate will be updated, which is expected to take place in late 2012, the supplementary drillings at Kolmisoppi will have been completed.
Production
The following table sets forth the Talvivaara's key production figures for the periods indicated:
Mining Ore production.................... Waste production................
Materials handling Stacked ore.........................
Bioheapleaching Ore under leaching..............
