42
Talvivaara started conceptual studies relating to potential production expansion beyond the current annual target in late 2010 and such conceptual studies were carried out throughout 2011. By 31 December 2011, the preparations for the EIA were at an advanced stage and the actual EIA work started in early 2012. The EIA covers certain parallel process options, as the final production processes and end products have not yet been chosen. Following the EIA, Talvivaara expects to submit the environmental permit application for the expansion in 2012. Provided that a decision is made to proceed with the expansion, investments are expected to commence following the receipt of an environmental permit, currently anticipated to take place in 2014.
In February 2010, Talvivaara announced its plan to recover uranium in the form of uranium oxide from the solution obtained from the bioheapleaching process. The solution does not contain much uranium, but a recently developed technology makes it commercially viable to extract even low levels of uranium as long as there is sufficient leach solution. Talvivaara's application to the Ministry of Employment and the Economy for a permit in accordance with the Nuclear Energy Act was filed in April 2010, and Talvivaara obtained the permit on 1 March 2012. However, an appeal against the decision of the Finnish Government has been filed with the Supreme Administrative Court by an organization for environmental protection. The EIA, which was in progress for most of the year 2010, was completed during the first quarter of 2011. The environmental permit application for uranium extraction was submitted to the regional environmental permitting agency in March 2011, and the permit process is ongoing. Talvivaara has on 3 April 2012 been verbally informed by the regional environmental permitting agency that Talvivaara's environmental permit application for uranium extraction and the review of Talvivaara's environmental permit are to be processed together. The permitting authorities have informed Talvivaara that a decision on the uranium permit will be made during 2012. In addition, Talvivaara received European Commission approval for the agreements between Talvivaara and Cameco discussed in "-- Material Agreements" below in November 2011. A further ratification by the European Commission pursuant to the Euratom Treaty was obtained in January 2012. Subject to receiving all the necessary permits, uranium production is expected to commence in late 2012 and Talvivaara targets annual uranium production of 350 tonnes at full capacity.
See "--Regulatory Framework and Rights to the Talvivaara Deposits" below.
Production Process
General
Talvivaara's production process begins with large-scale open-pit mining, followed by materials handling, which covers all the physical ore processing steps from primary crushing to stacking and leaching of the ore in heaps. The ore is first leached for 13 to 14 months on the primary leach pad at full production, after which the leached ore is reclaimed, conveyed and re-stacked on the secondary heap pad. After secondary leaching, the leached ore remains on the secondary heaps permanently.
For metals recovery, a side stream of pregnant leach solution ("PLS") is continuously led from leaching circulation to the metals processing plant, where metals are precipitated from the PLS by chemical reactions. The resulting products are metal intermediates - copper sulphide, zinc sulphide and a mixed nickel cobalt sulphide - which are then transported for further processing in refineries operated by Talvivaara's customers. Talvivaara is also constructing a circuit to recover uranium from PLS in the form of uranium oxide (UO4), with production expected to commence in late 2012, subject to receiving all the necessary permits.
Process waste, primarily gypsum, is taken to designated waste ponds. Water, from which the saleable metals and other elements such as iron have been removed, is returned to circulation to irrigate the ore heaps. All structures in contact with ore or leach solutions are insulated from the surrounding environment by permanent physical barrier layers.
