For metals recovery, a side stream of pregnant leach solution ("PLS") is continuously led from leaching circulation to the metals processing plant, where metals are precipitated from the PLS by chemical reactions. The resulting products are metal intermediates - copper sulphide, zinc sulphide and a mixed nickel cobalt sulphide - which are then transported for further processing in refineries operated by Talvivaara's customers. Talvivaara is also constructing a circuit to recover uranium from PLS in the form of uranium oxide (UO4), with production expected to commence in late 2012, subject to receiving all the necessary permits.
43
The following diagram sets out the production process at the Talvivaara mine:
Open-pit Mining The mining method used at Talvivaara is large-scale open-pit mining. The planned annual ore production is approximately 24 million tonnes. The total tonnage mined (ore and waste) will vary from 35 to 60 million tonnes annually. The average waste to ore ratio over the life of mine is estimated to be close to one. Talvivaara extracts ore and waste rock using conventional drill and blast methods with a fleet of self-propelled diesel hydraulic track drill rigs. The blasted ore or waste rock is loaded by large mining excavators onto heavy duty trucks. The trucks then haul the ore to the primary crusher located outside the pit perimeter and take the waste to secondary heaps or designated waste dumps. Crushing - Conveying - Stacking After primary crushing close to the open pit, the ore is conveyed to a crushing station in the vicinity of the metals recovery plant where it is crushed in three further stages so that 80 per cent of the resulting particles are approximately eight millimetres or less in size. The particle size of the ore plays an important role in the process, with smaller particle sizes correlating to faster leaching. In industrial heap leaching operations, however, very small particle sizes are often not desirable, largely due to high crushing costs and problems in heap stability and permeability with finely crushed ore. At Talvivaara, the key process parameters have been chosen largely in line with industry practice in commercial copper leaching operations. These include a particle size of approximately eight millimetres.
44
The crushed ore is then agglomerated in a slowly rotating drum, where the leach solution, which contains acid and bacteria, is added to the ore in order to consolidate fine ore particles with coarser ones. This preconditioning phase makes the ore permeable to air and water, both of which are necessary for the bioheapleaching process. After the agglomeration process, the ore is conveyed and stacked in eight metre high piles on the primary heap pad for 13 to 14 months at full production stage.
Bioheapleaching
Bioheapleaching is a process whereby metals are leached from the ore as a result of bacterial catalysis. In nature, bioheapleaching is triggered spontaneously by naturally occurring micro-organisms in the presence of air and water. The reaction is usually seen as the slow weathering of sulphide-containing ore bodies. Commercially applied bioheapleaching technologies accelerate this natural process and typically use the same bacteria. This is also the case at Talvivaara, where locally sourced bacteria are used. Talvivaara does not have any registered intellectual property rights related to the bioheapleaching technology. See "--Intellectual Property Rights" below.
Crushed ore is used as the starting material and leaching is activated by the irrigation and aeration of ore heaps. The heap is equipped with piping, laid in two layers in the heap, through which low-pressure fans supply air to the stacked ore. From the top, the heap is irrigated with leach solution, which is recycled through the heap until its metal content is sufficient for metals recovery. Several physico-chemical and microbiological process parameters, such as the acidity of the irrigation solution, the rate of irrigation, the rate of removal of the PLS and the rate of aeration, are continuously monitored and modified in order to enhance and speed up the leaching process.
