Bioheapleaching is a process whereby metals are leached from the ore as a result of bacterial catalysis. In nature, bioheapleaching is triggered spontaneously by naturally occurring micro-organisms in the presence of air and water. The reaction is usually seen as the slow weathering of sulphide-containing ore bodies. Commercially applied bioheapleaching technologies accelerate this natural process and typically use the same bacteria. This is also the case at Talvivaara, where locally sourced bacteria are used. Talvivaara does not have any registered intellectual property rights related to the bioheapleaching technology. See "--Intellectual Property Rights" below.
Once a sufficient metal concentration is reached, a continuous side stream of PLS is led to the metals recovery plant, and either fresh or purified process water is added to the circulation to maintain the process water balance and appropriate leaching conditions.
After leaching on the primary pad, the leached ore is reclaimed, conveyed and restacked onto the secondary heap pad, where it is leached further in order to recover metals from parts of the primary heaps where the leach solution had poor contact. Such areas include the slopes and surface of the heaps and areas between channels formed by the circulating leach solution.
The primary heap pad at Talvivaara is constructed as a dynamic, or on-off, pad. After the primary leaching, the ore is reclaimed using excavators and conveyed to the secondary leach pad for further leaching. While the excavators move ahead reclaiming the ore, the stacker follows behind it continuously stacking new ore.
After secondary leaching, the barren ore will remain permanently on the secondary heaps. A series of waste dumps have been constructed for the storage of the overburden and waste rock that is excavated during the mining process. Both the heap foundations and the waste dumps are lined with permanent bentonite and plastic layers to prevent leaks.
Bioheapleaching offers advantages over conventional physico-chemical extraction methods both economically and environmentally. In contrast to roasting and smelting, a large energy input is not required and no sulphur dioxide or other noxious gases are produced. In addition, bioleaching residues are chemically less active.
In 2010, the efficiency of bioheapleaching was improved by upgrading the heap's aeration system of the heap and by testing various heap shapes and heights. The heaps are monitored intensively, which has provided a better understanding of the behaviour of the heaps under various conditions.
Metals Recovery
In the metals recovery process, Talvivaara's saleable metals are precipitated from the PLS using chemicals. The resulting products are intermediates - copper and zinc sulphides and a mixed nickel cobalt sulphide - which are sold and transported for further processing in refineries operated by Talvivaara's customers.
