Metals Recovery
The main chemicals required in the process include hydrogen sulphide, which is produced on site from elemental sulphur and hydrogen, along with limestone, burnt lime and sodium hydroxide. The metals recovery process produces neutralisation precipitates as mixtures of metal precipitates (iron, aluminium, magnesium and manganese) and gypsum. The pre-neutralisation gypsum precipitate is deposited in waste rock dumps as filter dry material. Other precipitates are deposited in an engineered tailings pond.
Talvivaara has developed its metals recovery processes in collaboration with OMG Kokkola Chemicals Oy. The methodology is based on a process which is currently used commercially by OMG Kokkola Chemicals Oy in Kokkola, Finland.
45
Property, Plant and Equipment
Talvivaara owns approximately 5,400 hectares of land, some of which is outside of the current mining concession area. The Talvivaara mining concession covers approximately 6,000 hectares, of which approximately 1,000 hectares have been designated for mining operations. Approximately 88 per cent of the total land in the current mining concession area is owned by Talvivaara. Under Finnish law, Talvivaara has the right to mine the area covered by the mining concession even if the area is owned by third parties.
Prior to construction of the pilot operation in 2005, the Talvivaara mine area had no existing mining facilities. Although all infrastructure and services had to be built before the commencement of commercial production, the mine benefits from a favourable location as there is easy access to road, railway and power line connections. By the end of 2009, practically all major infrastructure projects had been completed. The main achievement was the completion of a 25 kilometre railway between Murtomäki and Talvivaara. Regular transport on the railway started in September 2009 after the necessary permits had been obtained. Final approvals for the electrified operation of the railway were received in November 2009. In accordance with the Finnish Parliamentary budget decision of June 2007, the Finnish State reimbursed EUR 40 million of the cost of the railway to Talvivaara over a two-year period between 2010 and 2011 provided that the railway was used as the primary transportation route of the mine. The first reimbursement of EUR 20 million was paid in June 2010 and the second reimbursement of EUR 20 million in September 2011. Upon full payment by the Finnish State, the title to the railway transferred to the Finnish Rail Administration and the railway became part of the national railway network.
Transportation infrastructure was also developed through improvement and partial re-routing of the regional road bypassing the mine area on its eastern side and the local road crossing the mine area in the east-to-west direction. In addition, a 43 kilometre power line from the Vuolijoki substation, located west of Talvivaara, to the mine area was commissioned in January 2008, connecting the mine directly to the national grid. The pipeline for the intake of process water from Lake Kolmisoppi in the northern part of the mine concession area has been operational since July 2008.
As at 31 December 2011, the carrying amount of Talvivaara's property, plant and equipment was EUR 762.0 million, of which EUR 294.5 million was attributable to machinery and equipment, EUR 41.3 million to construction in process, EUR 241.3 million to land and buildings and EUR 184.9 million to other tangible assets.
