Transportation infrastructure was also developed through improvement and partial re-routing of the regional road bypassing the mine area on its eastern side and the local road crossing the mine area in the east-to-west direction. In addition, a 43 kilometre power line from the Vuolijoki substation, located west of Talvivaara, to the mine area was commissioned in January 2008, connecting the mine directly to the national grid. The pipeline for the intake of process water from Lake Kolmisoppi in the northern part of the mine concession area has been operational since July 2008.
Regulatory Framework and Rights to the Talvivaara Deposits
Overview o f Finnish M ining Legislation
General
The principal mining legislation in Finland consists of the Mining Act (621/2011, annulling the former Mining Act 503/1965) and the Mining Decree (663/1965, as amended). The competent authority with regard to the mining issues is the Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency (Tukes) and the Finnish Ministry of Employment and Economy guides, supervises and develops activities under the new Mining Act. In Finland, the right to seek, claim and exploit a deposit that contains extractable minerals belongs to any person domiciled within the EEA. Other persons may only conduct mining operations under a separate license granted by the Ministry of Employment and Economy.
The new Mining Act became effective on 1 July 2011. A number of material changes were made to practically all stages of a mining project, from prospecting and permitting to operations and closure of the mine. Although the new mining act will mostly have an impact on new mining projects in Finland, the existing mines, such as the Talvivaara operations, are also affected to a limited extent. However, Talvivaara estimates that the new mining act has not had and will not have a significant impact on its current operations.
The Mining Concession System
This description of the Finnish mining concession system is based on provisions of the former Finnish Mining Act because such provisions are applied to Talvivaara's existing operations.
A person may apply for a mining concession if he can prove the viability of exploiting the claimed area. A mining concession may include areas that are necessary to exploit the deposit, such as land required for infrastructure.
