This description of the Finnish mining concession system is based on provisions of the former Finnish Mining Act because such provisions are applied to Talvivaara's existing operations.
If a mining concession application fulfils the criteria set forth in the Mining Act, the Ministry of Employment and Economy will grant the concession and send the decision to the respective local surveying office for execution. A mining concession decision of the Ministry of Employment and Economy can be appealed to the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court within 45 days of the grant date. If a mining concession holder has not commenced mining within a period of five to ten years, the Ministry of Employment and Economy will hear the concession holder and may instruct
46
the concession holder to commence mining within two years at the risk of losing the concession. This period may be extended by the Ministry of Employment and Economy.
A person who has been granted a concession must pay an annual concession fee to the Ministry of Employment and Economy and annual compensation to the owners of any land covered by the claim. In addition, as compensation for the extracted minerals, the concession holder must pay an annual excavation fee. The amount of the annual excavation fee is determined by the Ministry of Employment and Economy after consulting with its mining board.
Rights to the Talvivaara Deposits
The mining license covering the Kolmisoppi and Kuusilampi deposits was originally granted to Outokumpu Mining in 1986 and was subsequently assigned to Talvivaara Sotkamo on 31 March 2004. Title to the mining concession was transferred to Talvivaara Sotkamo on 14 May 2007.
On 24 March 2005, Talvivaara Sotkamo submitted an application to the Ministry of Employment and Economy to extend the concession area covered by the original mining license. On 3 October 2006, the Ministry of Employment and Economy issued a land surveying order to a local surveying office regarding the extension of the concession area in accordance with the application. Two appeals were filed with the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court in an attempt to have this land surveying order revoked. The order was subsequently upheld by the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court in October 2007. The land surveying and redemption proceedings regarding the extension were, however, appealed both on the basis of the compensation awarded to land owners and the proceedings themselves. The appeal on the compensation was later cancelled and the decision by the Kainuu-Koillismaa District Survey Office concerning compensation to land owners, as paid by Talvivaara in 2008, became final and binding on 16 April 2009. Accordingly, there are no appeals pending against the extension of the concession area.
Talvivaara is in a process for preparing an application for further extension of the concession area. This extended area would be used to support the expanded operations of the mine area. See "Risk Factors--Governmental Approvals and Permits'' and "Risk Factors--Mining Concessions" .
