On 24 March 2005, Talvivaara Sotkamo submitted an application to the Ministry of Employment and Economy to extend the concession area covered by the original mining license. On 3 October 2006, the Ministry of Employment and Economy issued a land surveying order to a local surveying office regarding the extension of the concession area in accordance with the application. Two appeals were filed with the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court in an attempt to have this land surveying order revoked. The order was subsequently upheld by the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court in October 2007. The land surveying and redemption proceedings regarding the extension were, however, appealed both on the basis of the compensation awarded to land owners and the proceedings themselves. The appeal on the compensation was later cancelled and the decision by the Kainuu-Koillismaa District Survey Office concerning compensation to land owners, as paid by Talvivaara in 2008, became final and binding on 16 April 2009. Accordingly, there are no appeals pending against the extension of the concession area.
Other Mining Claims
Talvivaara has a claim to an area called Botesbotten, which is located in Oravainen, Finland. Pursuant to the claim, Talvivaara may carry out research activities relating to nickel and copper mining. On 27 March 2009, Talvivaara applied for an extension of the mining claim, which the Ministry of Employment and Economy granted until 31 March 2012.
Environmental Matters
General
The environmental aspects of mining activities, among other aspects, are governed by the Finnish Environmental Protection Act (86/2000, as amended). According to the act, an environmental permit is required for activities posing a threat of environmental pollution. The Finnish Environmental Impact Assessment Act (468/1994, as amended) and Decree (713/2006, as amended) are the two principal environmental laws or regulations that must be satisfied in order to complete an EIA necessary for the mining operations. In addition the Water Act, the Waste Act (1072/1993, as amended), the Act on Transport of Dangerous Goods (719/1994, as amended) and the Decree on the Industrial Handling and Storage of Hazardous Chemicals (59/1999, as amended) include environmental regulations relevant to mining operations.
Talvivaara's compliance with its obligations under applicable environmental laws and regulations is monitored regularly by environmental authorities. Talvivaara has to comply with environmental laws and regulations governing various aspects of its operations, including noise and dust emission levels, waste processing, use of chemicals and other materials, use of energy, discharges into water and vibration. In accordance with the environmental permit, the impact of Talvivaara's mining operations on the area and its wildlife is included in the scope of regular monitoring. In addition, effects on the natural environment are followed via monitoring of metal concentrations in ants and mushrooms.
Talvivaara is responsible for the restoration of the mine area after the closure of mining operations. Talvivaara has prepared a rehabilitation plan for the mine, and restoration measures are continuously implemented as the ramp-up progresses. After the closure of operations, the Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi open pits will be allowed to fill up with water and the areas will be landscaped by planting vegetation. The gypsum ponds will be equipped with subsoil drainage, covered and landscaped. In each section of the ore deposit, Talvivaara collects and stores soil removed from the top layer before mining operations commence, which will be used for bottom structures during landscaping after the closure of mining operations. Talvivaara has placed a guarantee of EUR 32.8 million to the Kainuu Regional Environmental Centre to ensure remediation of the dumping areas. As at 31 December 2011, Talvivaara had recorded a provision of EUR 5.9 million for environmental restoration.
47
