Talvivaara is responsible for the restoration of the mine area after the closure of mining operations. Talvivaara has prepared a rehabilitation plan for the mine, and restoration measures are continuously implemented as the ramp-up progresses. After the closure of operations, the Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi open pits will be allowed to fill up with water and the areas will be landscaped by planting vegetation. The gypsum ponds will be equipped with subsoil drainage, covered and landscaped. In each section of the ore deposit, Talvivaara collects and stores soil removed from the top layer before mining operations commence, which will be used for bottom structures during landscaping after the closure of mining operations. Talvivaara has placed a guarantee of EUR 32.8 million to the Kainuu Regional Environmental Centre to ensure remediation of the dumping areas. As at 31 December 2011, Talvivaara had recorded a provision of EUR 5.9 million for environmental restoration.
To date, Talvivaara has not been fined or penalized for environmental issues. However, there have been some incidents that have required action by Talvivaara. In the first half of 2010, there were three incidents of discharge into surface water bodies, all of which were classified as exceptional. These incidents were reported to the supervising authority, which conducted an inspection after each incident. In addition, Talvivaara extended its monitoring activities by taking extra samples from the affected water bodies until the concentrations of introduced materials were below the limit of determination. In late 2010 and early 2011, higher than anticipated concentrations of sodium, sulphate and manganese were detected in Talvivaara's discharge waters. With Talvivaara's immediate reaction to the elevated concentrations and cooperation with local authorities to remedy the situation, by December 31, 2011 manganese levels were reduced by 80 per cent and sulphate levels by 50 per cent since early 2011 and permanent damage to the nearby lakes was avoided. Talvivaara continues to focus on further recycling of process waters, optimised consumption of chemicals and research into other technologies and equipment to reduce the discharge levels even further. In autumn 2011, a notice was filed with the police relating to Talvivaara's sulphate and manganese emissions under the Environmental Protection Act. The police investigation is ongoing, but Talvivaara firmly believes that no crime has been committed.
Talvivaara has an extensive environmental monitoring program, from which Talvivaara incurs some EUR 300,000 in annual expenses. The monitoring programme is carried out by an external and independent consultant organisation and the monitoring results are simultaneously provided to the supervising authorities and Talvivaara. In addition to the official sanctioned monitoring programme, Talvivaara carries out its own supplementary monitoring program and pursues continuous development work aimed at reducing emissions.
At the end of 2010, Talvivaara was awarded ISO 14001 certification for its environmental management system. The system is used for guiding environmental management and setting targets for its continuous improvement. The certified environmental management system covers all operations of Talvivaara. Talvivaara's ISO 14001 environmental certification was renewed in late 2011. Talvivaara commenced development work on its ISO 9001 standard compliant quality management system and OHSAS 18001 standard compliant occupational health and safety management system. Certification for both management systems will be sought in 2012. The objective of the OHSAS 18001 standard, which is based on comprehensive risk analysis, is to prevent accidents and illness, and to ensure personnel well-being by integrating health and safety issues with company management. Talvivaara also commenced development of a risk management system in accordance with the ISO 31000 standard. Risk assessment for disasters under the Seveso II directive was updated.
In 2011, Talvivaara's environmental investments amounted to approximately EUR 30.3 million, compared to EUR 28.5 million in 2010. Talvivaara's environmental investments have related primarily to reduction of emissions, building base structures and damming. Environmental operating costs were EUR 37.4 million in 2011, compared to EUR 25.9 million in 2010. Talvivaara's environmental costs have related primarily to various environmental monitoring activities and actions taken at the mine. In 2011, EUR 14.9 million of the total environmental costs were attributable to the control of hydrogen sulphide odours. As at 31 December 2011, provisions related to environmental management amounted to EUR 5.9 million and collateral to EUR 32.8 million.
Environmental Impact Assessment
Projects subject to the EIA procedure typically have significant impacts on the environment. The completion of an EIA is a precondition for applying for an environmental permit. The EIA regarding the Talvivaara project was completed on 30 December 2005.
Talvivaara is considering further expansion of its production, which requires preparation of an EIA and submission of an environmental permit application. Talvivaara currently expects to submit the environmental permit application for the expansion in 2012. The EIA reviews increasing production to the current target capacity level of 50,000 tonnes of nickel per annum, as well as covers options to expand capacity to 65,000 tonnes or 100,000 tonnes of nickel per annum. See "-- Talvivaara Mine--Production" above for further information.
In February 2010, Talvivaara announced its plan to recover uranium in the form of uranium oxide from the solution obtained from the bioheapleaching process. Talvivaara's application to the Ministry of Employment and the Economy for a permit in accordance with the Nuclear Energy Act was filed in April 2010, and Talvivaara received the permit on 1 March 2012. However, an appeal against the decision of the Finnish Government has been filed with the Supreme Administrative Court by an organization for environmental protection. The EIA, which was in progress for most of the year, was completed during the first quarter of 2011. A statement to this effect was obtained from the local environmental authority, which declared the EIA sufficient. The environmental permit application for uranium extraction was submitted to the regional environmental permitting agency in March 2011, and the permit process is ongoing. Talvivaara has on 3 April 2012 been verbally informed by the regional environmental permitting agency that Talvivaara's environmental permit application for uranium extraction and the review of Talvivaara's environmental permit are to be processed together. The permitting authorities have informed Talvivaara that a decision on the uranium permit will be made during 2012.
