Talvivaara is considering further expansion of its production, which requires preparation of an EIA and submission of an environmental permit application. Talvivaara currently expects to submit the environmental permit application for the expansion in 2012. The EIA reviews increasing production to the current target capacity level of 50,000 tonnes of nickel per annum, as well as covers options to expand capacity to 65,000 tonnes or 100,000 tonnes of nickel per annum. See "-- Talvivaara Mine--Production" above for further information.
48
Environmental Permits
Talvivaara's environmental permit, issued in March 2007, became final and binding through a ruling by the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court in November 2008. The environmental permit for water intake and leading from the Northern Finland Environmental Permit Authority in accordance with the Finnish Water Act (264/1961, as amended) was granted together with the environmental permit.
The environmental permit is valid until further notice; however, the terms and conditions of the environmental permit are reviewed by the environmental authorities three years after the commencement of mining activities. Talvivaara filed an application for review of the existing environmental permit in March 2011 and it expects to obtain the updated permit during 2012. Talvivaara may continue to operate under its permit as before and any changes to its permit become effective only after the review has been finalised and the decision becomes effective. The application for review is subject to appeal. For matters under the Environmental Protection Act, the Northern Finland Environmental Permit Authority may amend the environmental permit or cancel it in certain limited circumstances.
Pursuant to the terms of the environmental permit, Talvivaara Sotkamo must compensate land and water area owners affected by the Talvivaara project and has certain obligations with regard to the fishing industry. As at the date of this Prospectus, the total compensation paid to landowners was EUR 214,010, all of which was paid in 2009. For the fishing industry, Talvivaara Sotkamo must make an annual payment of EUR 5,000.
Other Environmental Matters
In addition to the main permits described above, Talvivaara has filed a number of applications to amend the terms of the original environmental permit and to cover certain specific areas of operations as production has ramped up. Talvivaara has all permits necessary for its current operations.
Chemicals Regulations
