In addition to the main permits described above, Talvivaara has filed a number of applications to amend the terms of the original environmental permit and to cover certain specific areas of operations as production has ramped up. Talvivaara has all permits necessary for its current operations.
Talvivaara's operations involve the handling and storage of dangerous substances covered by the Seveso II directive. Talvivaara's safety management is guided by Finnish legislation, international regulations and the Group's own safety processes. With respect to chemical safety, Talvivaara's operations are regulated by the Seveso II directive, the REACH regulation and the product information requirements set forth in the CLP regulation. Talvivaara complies with the REACH and CLP regulations regarding product information. The REACH regulation requires that manufacturers and importers of chemicals assess any risks caused by the use of such chemicals and provide instructions for their safe use. The CLP regulation includes guidelines on how chemicals classified as dangerous are to be labelled and packed so as to ensure their safe use. In 2010, Talvivaara's key products were registered in accordance with the REACH regulation. Nickel and zinc sulphide dossiers were submitted to the authorities for registration, and the CLP regulation data for all of Talvivaara's substances were compiled.
Government Policies Affecting Talvivaara
Talvivaara operates in Finland, which offers the mining industry a favourable and politically stable operating environment. Finland has a good and well-functioning infrastructure that contributes to successful mining. The road and railway network is comprehensive and the availability of energy and raw materials is good. The Finnish State has supported the Talvivaara project directly and indirectly. For example, Talvivaara has received development financing from Tekes, a development and research funding agency financed by the Government of Finland, and participates in several research projects supported by Tekes. The Finnish State has also participated in the financing of the 25 kilometre railway connecting the Talvivaara mine to the national railway network. Subject to agreed minimum transportation volumes on the railway being achieved, the Finnish State agreed to reimburse the construction expenses of Talvivaara Infrastructure Oy ("Talvivaara Infrastructure") up to EUR 40 million in two instalments and to redeem the railway to be part of the national railway network. The first reimbursement of EUR 20 million was paid in June 2010 and the second reimbursement of EUR 20 million in September 2011. Upon full payment by the Finnish State, the title to the railway transferred to the Finnish Rail Administration and the railway became part of the national railway network. The Finnish State has also participated in power line and road improvement investments, and in total has supported mine infrastructure by approximately EUR 48 million.
Research and Development
Talvivaara pursues an active research and development strategy, the primary objective of which is to develop the production process and minimise its environmental impact. Talvivaara's research and development strategy is closely linked with its operations. At present, Talvivaara's research and development activities mainly serve the ongoing production ramp-up and improvement of bioheapleaching. During the ramp-up phase, the primary objective of the development work is to increase production capacity, upgrade metals recovery and reduce environmental impact. Talvivaara has a small research and development department and a research laboratory. The production departments also
49
participate in development work, playing a key role in the enhancement of the production process in particular. Talvivaara's research and development expenditure for the years ended 31 December 2011, 2010 and 2009 amounted to EUR 739,000, EUR 468,000 and EUR 731,000, respectively.
In addition to independent research work, Talvivaara cooperates with external partners, such as customers, technology and equipment suppliers, research institutes and several Finnish universities. In its research and development work, Talvivaara also takes advantage of its extensive international network of technology companies and other mining companies. Talvivaara also participates in several research projects supported by Tekes. Further, Talvivaara takes part in an innovation environment project of the mining and mineral industry coordinated by the University of Oulu. The objective of this project is to train experts in the mining and mineral industry and develop research in the field by creating a leading national network for the industry. The project also includes construction of a test enrichment plant on the premises of the University of Oulu to be used by companies and research institutes in the industry.
