HSH Nordic Finance Talvivaara Ab, Finland.............................................................................................................
Talvivaara Management Oy, Finland..........................................................................................................................
0
Talvivaara Sotkamo Ltd
Talvivaara Sotkamo is the sole operative subsidiary of Talvivaara and carries out the mining and mineral activities at the Talvivaara mine. When Talvivaara Sotkamo acquired the exclusive rights to mine the Talvivaara deposits from Outokumpu Mining in February 2004, Talvivaara Sotkamo was also assigned the right to use all exploration data and research documentation relating to bioheapleaching without additional compensation. In return, Outokumpu Mining was granted an option to acquire a 20 per cent interest in Talvivaara Sotkamo, which option it exercised on 14 May 2007. On 1 June 2011, Talvivaara acquired an additional four per cent shareholding in Talvivaara Sotkamo. As a result of the acquisition, Talvivaara's ownership in Talvivaara Sotkamo increased from 80 per cent to 84 per cent and Outokumpu Mining's ownership decreased to 16 per cent. Simultaneously, Talvivaara entered into an exclusive option agreement with Outokumpu Mining Oy and Outokumpu Oyj whereby it will have the right, at its sole discretion, in one or more instalments, to acquire Outokumpu Mining's remaining 16 per cent shareholding in Talvivaara Sotkamo for EUR 240 million at any time prior to 31 March 2012 (see "Business o f Talvivaara--Material Agreements--Share Purchase and Option Agreement").
HSH Nordic Finance Talvivaara Ab
In August 2008, Talvivaara Sotkamo (Talvivaara Project Ltd at the time of signing the agreement) and HSH Nordic Finance Talvivaara Ab ("HSH Nordic Finance") entered into an arrangement for the transfer of full and valid title to and ownership of certain equipment ordered by Talvivaara Sotkamo to HSH Nordic Finance and the subsequent leasing of said equipment by HSH Nordic Finance to Talvivaara Sotkamo upon complete delivery and acceptance of the equipment. HSH Nordic Finance is a wholly owned subsidiary of DAL Nordic Finance AB (formerly HSH Nordic Finance AB). Although the Group has no shareholding in HSH Nordic Finance, it is consolidated as it is considered that the Group has the power to control the day-to-day usage of the equipment and to obtain all the benefits from its operation. HSH Nordic Finance does not make any significant economic decisions as its primary function is to receive and forward lease payments from Talvivaara Sotkamo to DAL Nordic Finance AB.
Talvivaara Management Oy
In December 2010, the Board of Directors of Talvivaara decided on a new shareholding plan directed to members of the executive management of Talvivaara. For the purpose of the share ownership, the participants acquired a limited liability company named Talvivaara Management Oy ("Talvivaara Management"), whose entire share capital they own. Although the Group has no shareholding in Talvivaara Management, the company is consolidated because the participants have agreed to vote in favour of the proposals made by the Board of Directors of Talvivaara in General Meetings and, therefore, Talvivaara has the power over the voting rights of shares owned by Talvivaara Management. Furthermore, Talvivaara Management does not make any significant economic decisions, as its primary function is to manage the investments made by the participants.
