On 27 February 2004, Talvivaara, Talvivaara Sotkamo and Outokumpu Mining entered into a sale and option agreement (as amended, the "Sale and Option Agreement") pursuant to which Outokumpu Mining sold the exclusive rights to mine the Talvivaara deposits to Talvivaara Sotkamo. Talvivaara Sotkamo was also assigned the rights to use all exploration data and research documentation relating to bioheapleaching without additional compensation. The amendment agreement dated 15 September 2006 partly amended the Sale and Option Agreement, which is detailed below.
Pursuant to the Sale and Option Agreement, Outokumpu Mining's 20 per cent shareholding in Talvivaara Sotkamo is protected against dilution until Talvivaara Sotkamo has produced and sold at least 30,000 tons of nickel from the Talvivaara mine and the mine has been in operation for at least three months without interruption (excluding normal maintenance stoppages) at production levels corresponding to an annual nickel production of at least 30,000 tonnes. As a result of such anti-dilution measures, Outokumpu Mining has no obligation to participate in any equity financing of Talvivaara Sotkamo and Outokumpu Mining has a right to the 20 per cent shareholding in Talvivaara Sotkamo irrespective of any equity financing undertaken by Talvivaara Sotkamo.
Pursuant to the Sale and Option Agreement, Talvivaara Sotkamo is responsible for all environmental and other liabilities that relate to the mining rights.
Share Purchase and Option Agreement
On 1 June 2011, Talvivaara entered into an agreement with Outokumpu Mining and its parent company Outokumpu Oyj to acquire an additional four per cent shareholding in Talvivaara Sotkamo. As a result of the acquisition, Talvivaara's ownership in Talvivaara Sotkamo increased from 80 per cent to 84 per cent and Outokumpu Mining's ownership decreased to 16 per cent. The acquisition price for the four per cent stake was EUR 60 million.
Simultaneously, Talvivaara entered into an exclusive option agreement with Outokumpu Mining Oy and Outokumpu Oyj (the "Option") whereby it had the right, at its sole discretion, in one or more instalments, to acquire Outokumpu Mining's remaining 16 per cent shareholding in Talvivaara Sotkamo for EUR 240 million at any time prior to 31 March 2012. Talvivaara did not exercise the Option.
As long as Outokumpu Mining holds any shares in Talvivaara Sotkamo, Outokumpu Mining has the right to appoint one member to the Board of Directors of Talvivaara Sotkamo.
Nickel-Cobalt Sale and Purchase Agreement
Talvivaara's nickel and cobalt production is delivered and sold to Norilsk Nickel under a long-term sale and purchase agreement. The agreement will remain in force for ten years from the start of full production, but at least 300,000 tonnes of nickel must be delivered and Norilsk Nickel has the right to buy an additional 150,000 tonnes at the prevailing world market price. The mixed nickel-cobalt sulphide is delivered by train to Norilsk Nickel's production facility in Harjavalta, Finland.
