Nickel-Cobalt Sale and Purchase Agreement
The nickel-cobalt products are "provisionally priced", which means that the quoted sale price is subject to final adjustment at the end of a quotational period, which is approximately three months. The price for nickel sulphide is the lower of the London Metal Exchange ("LME") settlement quotation and the LME 3 month price quotation as published in the Metal Bulletin and averaged over the quotation period. The price for cobalt is the Metal Bulletin free market low quotation as published in the Metal Bulletin and averaged over the quotation period. The provisional invoice accounts for 90 per cent of the delivered volume, while the final invoice accounts for the remaining ten per cent of the relevant delivery and the final sales price adjustment. The price includes treatment charges for nickel and cobalt as defined in the agreement and will be increased based on the defined increases in the U.S. consumer price index and the euro-index.
Nickel-cobalt products sales are initially recorded based on 100 per cent of the provisional sales prices. Until final settlement occurs, adjustments to the provisional sales prices are made to account for mark-to-market changes based on the forward prices for the estimated month of settlement. These adjustments are made at the end of a reporting period. For this purpose, the selling price can be reliably measured using forward prices from an active and freely traded commodity market such as the London Stock Exchange. The marking to market of provisionally priced sales agreements
52
is recorded as an adjustment to sales revenue. For changes in metal quantities upon receipt of new information and assay, provisional sales quantities are also adjusted.
Zinc in Concentrate Streaming Agreement
Talvivaara Sotkamo entered into the long-term Zinc in Concentrate Streaming Agreement with Nyrstar in 2010 and received an advance payment of U.S.$ 335 million for the zinc stream. The advance payment has been recognised in liabilities and is gradually unwound to revenues during the term of the agreement. Talvivaara Sotkamo will deliver its entire zinc production exclusively to Nyrstar until the agreed total volume of 1.25 million tonnes of zinc in concentrate has been reached. Based on Talvivaara's current production plans, deliveries are expected to occur over a period of 10 to 15 years.
Revenues from zinc consist of two components. Talvivaara Sotkamo recognises a fixed price per tonne of zinc in concentrate delivered, which results from the unwinding of the advance payment. In addition, Talvivaara Sotkamo receives an extraction and processing fee of EUR 350 per tonne of zinc in concentrate delivered, with escalators in relation to prices of elemental sulphur and propane, less applicable product specification penalties, if any. Talvivaara Sotkamo also receives additional price fees if the average LME zinc price during the 30-day period prior to delivery exceeds certain levels as set out in the agreement. Until the later of the seventh anniversary of the agreement and delivery of 600,000 tonnes of zinc in concentrate, Nyrstar will pay to Talvivaara 10 per cent of the LME zinc price exceeding U.S.$ 2,500 per tonne and 30 per cent of the LME zinc price exceeding U.S.$ 3,000 per tonne. Thereafter, Nyrstar will pay Talvivaara 30 per cent of the excess of the LME zinc price above the processing fee of EUR 350 per tonne of zinc in concentrate.
Zinc products sales are initially recorded based on 100 per cent of the provisional sales prices. At final settlement, adjustments to the provisional sales prices are made if the final assays demonstrate different quantities of zinc or certain impurities than those that had been accounted for in the provisional invoice.
