Revenues from zinc consist of two components. Talvivaara Sotkamo recognises a fixed price per tonne of zinc in concentrate delivered, which results from the unwinding of the advance payment. In addition, Talvivaara Sotkamo receives an extraction and processing fee of EUR 350 per tonne of zinc in concentrate delivered, with escalators in relation to prices of elemental sulphur and propane, less applicable product specification penalties, if any. Talvivaara Sotkamo also receives additional price fees if the average LME zinc price during the 30-day period prior to delivery exceeds certain levels as set out in the agreement. Until the later of the seventh anniversary of the agreement and delivery of 600,000 tonnes of zinc in concentrate, Nyrstar will pay to Talvivaara 10 per cent of the LME zinc price exceeding U.S.$ 2,500 per tonne and 30 per cent of the LME zinc price exceeding U.S.$ 3,000 per tonne. Thereafter, Nyrstar will pay Talvivaara 30 per cent of the excess of the LME zinc price above the processing fee of EUR 350 per tonne of zinc in concentrate.
Talvivaara has provided the following security to Nyrstar in respect of the Zinc in Concentrate Streaming Agreement with Nyrstar: a secondary right of pledge to the floating charges in respect of Talvivaara Sotkamo in the aggregate amount of EUR 425 million, a secondary right of pledge to the mortgage deeds of the mortgage on Talvivaara Sotkamo's property in the aggregate amount of EUR 425 million and a secondary pledge over the mining rights for Talvivaara Sotkamo's mining concession (mining register number 2819).
Uranium Off-take Agreement
In February 2011, Talvivaara Sotkamo entered into a uranium take-in-kind agreement and a long-term uranium off-take agreement with Cameco. Under the terms of the uranium take-in-kind agreement, Cameco will provide an up-front investment up to a maximum of U.S.$ 60 million to cover the construction cost of a uranium extraction circuit. Cameco's capital contribution will be repaid through deliveries of uranium concentrate in the initial years of the agreement.
Once the capital is repaid, Talvivaara Sotkamo will exclusively sell and Cameco will purchase the uranium concentrate produced at the Talvivaara mine through the long-term uranium off-take agreement, which will be in effect until 31 December 2027. Cameco will pay for the uranium based on a formula that references market prices at the time of delivery. Annual uranium production is estimated at 350 tonnes, corresponding to approximately 410 tonnes of yellow cake.
Cameco provides technical assistance to Talvivaara Sotkamo in the design, construction, commissioning and operation of the uranium extraction circuit to be constructed at the Talvivaara mine. Subject to receiving the necessary permits and authorisations, Talvivaara Sotkamo plans to start construction in the coming months and complete it in 2012.
Talvivaara received European Commission approval for the agreements between Talvivaara and Cameco on 30 November 2011. A further ratification by the European Commission pursuant to the Euratom Treaty was obtained on 18 January 2012. In April 2010, Talvivaara Sotkamo applied to the Ministry of Employment and Economy for a permit to extract uranium as a by-product, in accordance with the Nuclear Energy Act and received the permit on 1 March 2012.
Financing Agreements
Senior Unsecured Convertible Bonds due 2013
