D. Graham Titcombe has been the Deputy Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors of Talvivaara since 2007. Mr. Titcombe is currently a senior independent director of the board of directors of Cap-XX Ltd. Mr. Titcombe served in a number of senior positions at Johnson Matthey plc and was a member of their board of directors for twelve years retiring as Group Managing Director in 2002. Mr. Titcombe was a non-executive director of Wagon Plc between 1996 and 2003, and Chairman of Infast Plc between 2002 and 2005 and a senior independent director of the board of directors of PolyFuel Inc until 2008.
Eero Niiva has been a member of the Board of Directors of Talvivaara since 2005. Mr. Niiva has also been a partner and a member of the board of directors at MB funds since 2003. Mr. Niiva is also currently the Chairman of the board of directors of Forchem Oy, Norpe Oy and Tailwind Capital Oy. In addition, Mr. Niiva is a member of the board of directors of Mainio Vire Oy. Mr. Niiva was the Head of Corporate Finance and Senior Executive of Carnegie Investment Bank AB in Helsinki between 1995 and 2003. Prior to this, he held various positions with Postipankki Corporate and Investment Banking between 1988 and 1995. Mr. Niiva was Representative and Deputy Chief Representative of Postipankki Tokyo Representative Office between 1989 and 1992, and has held various positions in corporate and investment banking including Corporate Analyst at Mortgage Bank of Finland Ltd between 1985 and 1988. Mr. Niiva holds a Master of Science degree in Industrial Management.
Tapani Järvinen has been a member of the Board of Directors of Talvivaara since 2010. Currently, Mr. Järvinen is the Senior Advisor at VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland and a member of the board of directors of Dragon Mining Limited, Australia, Normet Oy and Okmetic Oyj. Mr. Järvinen is also a member of the board of directors and the audit committee of Konecranes Plc and a member of the board of directors and the human capital committee of Outotec Oyj. Mr. Järvinen was President and CEO of Outotec Oyj, formerly Outokumpu Technology Oyj, between 2006 and 2009 and the Chairman of the board of directors of Laatukeskus Excellence Finland Oy between 2009 and 2011. Prior to this, he has held several senior positions with the Outokumpu Group. Mr. Järvinen was President and CEO of Outokumpu Technology Oyj between 2003 and 2006 and Executive Vice President and Member of Talvivaara Executive Committee of Outokumpu Oyj between 2000 and 2005. Mr. Järvinen was General Manager and CEO of Compania Minera Zaldivar S.A., Chile between 1994 and 2000 and held various positions with the Outokumpu Group in Finland and abroad between 1985 and 1994. Prior to joining Outokumpu Group, he held various positions at Kone Corporation between 1971 and 1985. Mr. Järvinen is a Licentiate in Technical Sciences.
Executive Committee
The role of Talvivaara's Executive Committee is to assist the CEO in the performance of his duties, manage Talvivaara's operations and administrative activities and in preparation and planning of issues in joint interest. In 2011, the Executive Committee was divided to the Executive Committee and the Extended Executive Committee. The Members of the Executive Committee are: Mr. Pekka Perä, CEO; Ms. Saila Miettinen-Lähde, CFO; Mr. Lassi Lammassaari, Chief Operations Officer; Mr. Pekka Erkinheimo, Chief Commercial Officer; Mr. Kari Vyhtinen, General Manager Expansion; and Ms. Eeva Ruokonen, Chief Sustainability Officer. The Executive Committee meets once a week and conducts weekly reviews of Talvivaara's operations, such as production, sales, investments, financing and sustainability matters.
The Extended Executive Committee consists of members of Executive Committee and the heads of most important business and operation areas. Each member of the Extended Executive Committee has his or her own area of responsibility and the duty to develop the operations in accordance with the targets set by the Board of Directors and to
57
assist the CEO in the execution of the strategy of Talvivaara. The Extended Executive Committee focuses on development issues and sharing information and knowledge. In addition to the members of the Executive Committee: the members of the Extended Executive Committee are: Mr. Leif Rosenback, Chief Technology Officer; Mr. Tapio Hyödynmaa, General Manager Projects; Mr. Jari Voutilainen, General Manager Business Development; and Mr. Teemu Repo, Group Controller (member since October 2011). The Extended Executive Committee meets about once a month.
The following table sets forth the members of the Executive Committee and Extended Executive Committee as at the date of this Prospectus:
