59
Board structure
The UK Code recommends that the board of directors of a UK-listed company should include a balance of executive and non-executive directors to ensure that that no individual or small group of individuals can dominate the board's decision making. According to the UK Code, at least half of the board, excluding the chairman, should comprise non-executive directors determined by the board to be independent. The UK Code further recommends that one independent non executive director should be nominated as a senior independent director.
The Board of Directors consists of the Non-Executive Chairman, two Executive Directors and four Non-Executive Directors. One of the Non-Executive Directors will serve as the senior independent Non-Executive Director (Deputy Chairman). Talvivaara regards four of its Non-Executive Directors as independent, as defined in the UK Code, and free from any business or other relationship which could materially interfere with their exercise of independent judgment.
Mr. Niiva, Ms. Carr, Mr. Titcombe and Mr. Järvinen are deemed to be independent of Talvivaara and significant shareholders. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr. Haslam, meets the independence criteria both in relation to Talvivaara and to significant shareholders under the Finnish Code.
Board Committees
The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Remuneration Committee, a Nomination Committee and Sustainability Committee. The composition and chairing of Talvivaara's committees is reviewed and decided annually by the Board of Directors. While the Committees have been assigned several significant tasks relating to Talvivaara's governance, it should be noted that under the Finnish Companies Act, the Committees have no independent decision making power, but rather concentrate on matters delegated to them more extensively for the purpose of issuing recommendations to the Board of Directors. The Committees report regularly on their work to the Board of Directors.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee monitors Talvivaara's financial reporting and financial forecasts. The Audit Committee focuses primarily on Talvivaara's compliance with legal requirements, accounting standards and, to the extent applicable, the UK Listing Authority Listing Rules, ensuring that an effective system of internal and financial controls is maintained. The Audit Committee also oversees the statutory audit and considers the independence, effectiveness and objectivity of the external auditors, including the nature and extent of non-audit services provided. Based on its consideration of the audit services, the Audit Committee prepares proposals pertaining to the election of the external auditors.
