Audit Committee
The Audit Committee considers and keeps under review the need for and effectiveness of Talvivaara's internal reporting and internal control policies and procedures for the identification, assessment and reporting of risks. The Committee focuses particularly on Talvivaara's compliance with legal requirements, accounting standards and, to the extent applicable, the UK Listing Authority Listing Rules, ensuring that an effective system of internal and financial controls is maintained
The Audit Committee consists of Ms. Carr (chairman), Mr. Titcombe and Mr. Niiva. The Chief Financial Officer attends the meetings of the Audit Committee by invitation. The Audit Committee convenes at least four times each year. The members of the Audit Committee must have the qualifications necessary to perform the responsibilities of the Audit Committee, and at least one its member must have expertise in accounting, bookkeeping or auditing. During 2011, the Audit Committee met four times.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee supervises, reviews and develops the remuneration and reward schemes of Talvivaara and the remuneration paid to the members of the Board of Directors. The Remuneration Committee makes the necessary proposals to the General Meetings of Shareholders of Talvivaara regarding the remuneration of the Board of Directors. The Remuneration Committee also makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding Talvivaara's remuneration policies, the implementation of incentive schemes for senior management, and performance reviews of Executive Directors and senior management of Talvivaara and its subsidiaries.
The Remuneration Committee consists of Mr. Niiva (chairman), Mr. Titcombe, Mr. Haslam and Mr. Järvinen. The Chief Executive Officer attends meetings of the Remuneration Committee by invitation. During 2011, the Remuneration Committee met twice.
60
Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee considers the composition of the Board of Directors and appointment of Directors. It also advises and makes proposals and recommendations to the General Meetings of Shareholders on issues relating to the composition and nomination of the Board of Directors. The Nomination Committee reviews regularly the size, composition and effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Only members of the Nomination Committee have the right to attend the Nomination Committee meetings. However, the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and external advisors may be invited to attend all or part of any meeting as and when appropriate. In connection with its duties, the Nomination Committee is authorized by the Board to take such independent advice (including legal or other professional advice, at Talvivaara's expense) as it considers necessary.
