Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee comprises three independent Non-Executive Directors. The quorum necessary for the transaction of business is two. The Nomination Committee has been chaired by the Deputy Chairman of the Board (Senior Independent Director), Mr. Titcombe. Its other members have been Mr. Niiva and Mr. Järvinen. During 2011, the Nomination Committee met twice.
Sustainability Committee
The Sustainability Committee focuses on overseeing that financial success of Company's operations goes hand in hand with Talvivaara's operations' efficiency, environmental performance and social responsibility. The Committee also ensures that the Group's sustainability policy is implemented in order Talvivaara to achieve its sustainability goals. Mr. Tapani Järvinen was elected as chairman of the Committee and its other members are Mr. Pekka Perä and Mr. Edward Haslam. The Chief Sustainability Officer attends the Committee meetings by invitation. During 2011, the Nomination Committee met once.
Conflicts of Interest
Save for their legal and/or beneficial interest in the shares in Talvivaara, there are (i) no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Talvivaara of the directors and members of Executive Committee and their private interests and/or other duties; (ii) no arrangements or understandings with major shareholders, members, suppliers or others pursuant to which any director or member of the Executive Committee was selected; and (iii) no restrictions agreed by any director or member of the Executive Committee on the disposal within a certain time of their holdings in Talvivaara's securities.
Provisions regarding the conflicts of interest of the management of a Finnish company are set forth in the Finnish Companies Act. Pursuant to Chapter 6, Section 4 of the Finnish Companies Act, a member of the Board of Directors may not participate in the handling of a contract between himself and the company, nor may he participate in the handling of a contract between the company and a third party if he may thereby receive a material benefit which may be in contradiction with the interests of the company. This provision applies to any other legal act, legal proceeding or other similar matter. These provisions also apply to the Chief Executive Officer.
Auditors
On 28 April 2011, the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Talvivaara elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, as its auditor, with Authorised Public Accountant Ylva Eriksson as the responsible auditor. The consolidated financial statements of Talvivaara for the years ended and as at 31 December 2011 and 2010, incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, with Authorised Public Accountant Ylva Eriksson as the responsible auditor. The authorised public accountants signing the consolidated financial statements are members of the Institute of Finnish Authorised Public Accountants.
