ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON GUARANTOR
The Guarantor is the sole operative subsidiary of Talvivaara and carries out the mining and mineral activities at the Talvivaara mine. According to Article 2 of its Articles of Association, the line of business of the Guarantor is to engage in ore exploration, mining and mineral activities, the sale and purchase of mining rights as well as activities based on the knowledge acquired within the aforesaid areas or activities related to them or applicable in connection with them. Talvivaara may also own and administer premises, real estate and securities and carry on securities trading. Within its line of business, Talvivaara may establish domestic and foreign companies and consortia, acquire shares and securities within them, borrow and give loan, grant guarantees and pledge its property.
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Guarantor's issued share capital was EUR 8,000 consisting of 1,000 shares. All the Guarantor's shares carry equal voting rights and there are no different voting rights attached to the shares. Talvivaara owns 84 per cent of the shares in the Guarantor and the remaining 16 per cent of the shares is owned by Outokumpu Mining. Talvivaara had the right, at its sole discretion, in one or more instalments, to acquire Outokumpu Mining's remaining 16 per cent shareholding in Talvivaara Sotkamo for EUR 240 million at any time prior to 31 March 2012 but it did not exercise such option (see "Business o f Talvivaara--Material Agreements--Share Purchase and Option Agreement"). As at the date of this Prospectus, the Guarantor does not hold any of its own shares.
The Board of Directors of the Guarantor consists of the following members: Mr. Pekka Perä (Chairman), Mr. Antti Aaltonen, Mr. Kauko Karpale, Mr. Tuomo Mäkelä and Mr. Olli Salo.
Pekka Perä. See "Board o fDirectors, Management and Auditors-- Board o fDirectors'".
Antti Aaltonen has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor since 2010. He was a member of the Board of Directors of Talvivaara and President of Norilsk Nickel Harjavalta Oy between 2007 and 2009. Prior to the acquisition by Norilsk Nickel of OM Group's nickel assets in March 2007, he served as President of OMG Finland Oy and OMG Harjavalta Nickel Oy, where he had previously held several senior management positions. In the 1970s, Mr. Aaltonen held several positions in development and technology at Outokumpu Cobalt Plant.
Kauko Karpale has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor since 2006. Mr. Karpale is currently the managing director of KKe Consulting Oy. Prior to that, he was the Head of Technology of OM Group between 2005 and 2007 and the Head of Research of OMG Kokkola Chemicals Oy between 1995 and 2005. Mr. Karpale served as a Research Engineer at the research centre of Outokumpu Oyj in Pori between 1967 and 1995. Mr. Karpale holds a Master of Science degree in Chemistry.
Tuomo Mäkelä has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor since 2010. Mr. Mäkelä is also a partner and the Chairman of the board of directors of Saga Mining Oy, as well as the principal and the Chairman of the board of directors of Escanor Oy. In addition, he is currently a member of the board of directors of Northland resources SA and Viscaria AB, and the Chairman of the board of directors of Outokumpu Metals Off-take Oy. Mr. Mäkelä is currently the General Manager of Outokumpu Mining Oy and he has held various positions within Outokumpu Group since 1975. He has acted as a senior advisor mining at Finnish Industry Investment Ltd since 2011 and between 2004 and 2008. Recently, he has been a member of the board of directors of Scandinavian Minerals Ltd, Endomines AB, Endomines Oy and Kalvinit Oy as well as the Chairman of the board of directors of OAO Kola Mining and OAO Kivijarvi. Mr. Mäkelä holds a Master of Science degree in Geology.
Olli Salo has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor since 2004. He has also been a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer between 2004 and 2006. Between 1982 and 2008, mr. Salo has acted as the managing director and a member of the Board of Directors of Lapin Vesitutkimus Oy. He has also been their head of laboratory between 1979 and 2000. In addition, he has been the managing director, head of laboratory, owner and a member of the Board of Directors of Barents AS during the years from 1999 to 2012. Further, he has also acted as a member of the Board of Directors of Nordic Mines AB between 2007 and 2009. Mr. Salo holds a Master of Science degree in Limnology.
