Tuomo Mäkelä has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor since 2010. Mr. Mäkelä is also a partner and the Chairman of the board of directors of Saga Mining Oy, as well as the principal and the Chairman of the board of directors of Escanor Oy. In addition, he is currently a member of the board of directors of Northland resources SA and Viscaria AB, and the Chairman of the board of directors of Outokumpu Metals Off-take Oy. Mr. Mäkelä is currently the General Manager of Outokumpu Mining Oy and he has held various positions within Outokumpu Group since 1975. He has acted as a senior advisor mining at Finnish Industry Investment Ltd since 2011 and between 2004 and 2008. Recently, he has been a member of the board of directors of Scandinavian Minerals Ltd, Endomines AB, Endomines Oy and Kalvinit Oy as well as the Chairman of the board of directors of OAO Kola Mining and OAO Kivijarvi. Mr. Mäkelä holds a Master of Science degree in Geology.
Mr. Pekka Perä is also the managing director of the Guarantor. The business address of the members of the Board of Directors and the managing director is c/o Talvivaara Sotkamo Ltd, Talvivaarantie 66, FI-88120 Tuhkakylä, Finland. As a private limited liability company incorporated in Finland, the Guarantor's decision making and administration is
63
governed by the Finnish Companies Act and its Articles of Association. The Finnish Code is not applicable to the Guarantor as a non-listed company. The Guarantor does not have any board committees, including an audit committee. There are (i) no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Guarantor of the directors and their private interests and/or other duties; (ii) except for Outokumpu Oyj's right to appoint one member of the Board of Directors pursuant to the Share Purchase and Option Agreement (see "Business o f Talvivaara--Material Agreements-- Share Purchase and Option Agreement'), no arrangements or understandings with shareholders, members, suppliers or others pursuant to which any director was selected; and (iii) no restrictions agreed by any director on the disposal within a certain time of their holdings in Talvivaara's securities. On 7 May 2007, the Annual General Meeting of shareholders of the Guarantor elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, as its auditor, with Authorised Public Accountant Ylva Eriksson as the responsible auditor. The financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended and a s a t 31 December 2011 and 2010, incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, with Authorised Public Accountant Ylva Eriksson as the responsible auditor. The authorised public accountants signing the financial statements are members of the Institute of Finnish Authorised Public Accountants.
64
FINNISH TAXATION The following summary is based on the tax laws o f Finland as in effect on the date o f this Prospectus, and is subject to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The following summary is limited to persons resident in Finlandfo r tax purposes and is not exhaustive and does not take into account or discuss the tax laws o f any country other than Finland. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own professional tax advisors as to the tax consequences relating to investment in the Notes. Paying interest on the Notes by Talvivaara is subject to advance tax withholding in accordance with the Finnish tax laws and regulations. The advance tax withheld by Talvivaara is credited against the final tax payable by the recipient of interest paid on the Notes. If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a resident natural person, such interest is subject to taxation as interest income in accordance with the Act on Source Tax on Interest Income (Laki korkotulon lähdeverosta 1341/1990, as amended). The current source tax rate on interest income is 30 per cent. If Notes are disposed of during the loan period, any capital gain as well as accrued interest received (secondary market compensation) is taxed as capital income. Capital gains are currently taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent or, to the extent the taxable amount exceeds EUR 50,000, 32 per cent. Talvivaara or a securities dealer must deduct an advance withholding tax from the secondary market compensation paid to a resident natural person. A capital loss is deductible from the resident natural person's capital gains arising in the same year and during the following five calendar years. If Notes are acquired in the secondary market, any accrued interest paid (secondary market compensation) is deductible from the capital income or, to the extent exceeding capital income, from earned income subject to the limitations of the Finnish Income Tax Act. Talvivaara and the securities dealer will furnish information on secondary market compensations paid and received to the Finnish tax authorities. Eventual capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return. Interest paid to Finnish corporate entities (other than non-profit associations) and to Finnish partnerships is deemed to be taxable income of the recipient of interest.
65
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
No Significant Change in Talvivaara's Financial or Trading Position
