Danske
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
In this document, "Talvivaara" and the "Group" refer to Talvivaara Mining Company Plc or Talvivaara Mining Company Plc and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Guarantor), except where the context may otherwise require. All references to the "Issuer" refer to Talvivaara Mining Company Plc and all references to the "Guarantor" and "Talvivaara Sotkamo" refer to Talvivaara Sotkamo Ltd. Nordea Bank Finland plc ("Nordea") and Sampo Bank plc ("Sampo") acted as joint bookrunners (the "Joint Bookrunners") in relation to the offering and issue of the Notes (as defined herein).
On 4 April 2012, the Issuer issued senior unsecured fixed rate notes due 2017 with an aggregate principal amount of EUR 110,000,000 (the "Notes") to certain institutional investors. This document (this listing prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein are jointly referred to as the "Prospectus") has been prepared in accordance with the Securities Markets Act (495/1989), as amended, Decree of the Ministry of Finance on the Prospectus Referred to in Chapter 2 of the Securities Markets Act (452/2009, as amended), and Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 (Annexes IV, V and VI) to list the Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange. The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "FFSA") has approved this Prospectus, but assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the information contained herein. The registration number of the FFSA's approval decision is FIVA 29/02.05.04/2012.
This Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference".
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer or any Joint Bookrunner. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by any Joint Bookrunner as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus, and nothing contained in this Prospectus is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation by any Joint Bookrunner in this respect, whether as to the past or the future. The Joint Bookrunners assume no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information and, accordingly, disclaim to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all liability whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this Prospectus or any such statement.
The data contained herein is current as of the date of this Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus, nor the offer, sale or delivery of the Notes mean that no adverse changes have occurred or events have happened that may or could result in an adverse effect in Talvivaara' business, financial condition or results of operations and/or the market price of the Notes. Nothing contained in this Prospectus constitutes, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation by Talvivaara or any Joint Bookrunner as to the future.
In making an investment decision, each investor must rely on their examination, analysis and enquiry of Talvivaara, the Guarantor and the terms of the Notes, including the risks and merits involved. Neither Talvivaara, any of the Joint Bookrunners nor any of their respective affiliated parties or representatives, is making any representation to any offeree or subscriber or of the Notes regarding the legality the investment by such person. Investors are required to make their independent assessment of the legal, tax, business, financial and other consequences of an investment in the Notes.
The Joint Bookrunners are acting exclusively for the Issuer in connection with the issue and listing of the Notes and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients nor for giving any investment or other advice in relation to the Notes.
