8
An investment in the Notes involves a number o f risks, many o f which are inherent to Talvivaara 's business and could be significant. Investors considering an investment in the Notes should carefully review the information contained in this Prospectus and, in particular, the risk factors described below. Should one or more o f the risk factors described herein materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results o f operations. The following description o f risk factors is based on information known and assessed on the date o f this Prospectus and, therefore, the description o f the risks facing Talvivaara is not necessarily exhaustive. Talvivaara also faces many o f the risks inherent to the mining industry and additional risks not currently known or not currently deemed material may also impair Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results o f operations. The market price o f the Notes could decline due to the realization o f these risks, and investors could lose a part or all o f their investment. Potential investors should note that the order in which the risk factors are presented does not reflect the probability o f their realization or order o f importance.
A s the Guarantor is the sole operative subsidiary o f the Issuer and carries out the mining and mineral activities at the Talvivaara mine, the riskfactors relating to the business and operations o f Talvivaara also apply to the Guarantor.
Commodity Prices and Demand
The market price of nickel, and to a lesser extent zinc, copper and cobalt, together with production volumes are the main factors affecting Talvivaara's financial performance. Accordingly, significant fluctuations in the prices of products sold by Talvivaara impact its financial performance. The market price of nickel has historically been volatile, and Talvivaara believes that this is likely to continue, driven by factors such as shifts in the supply-demand balance, macroeconomic indicators, variations in currency exchange rates, the availability and costs of substitutes, the inventory levels maintained by producers and others and actions of participants in the commodities markets. In recent years, nickel prices have been largely driven by demand from China, which is also affected by Chinese government policy. For the year ended 31 December 2011, nickel-cobalt sulphide sales represented approximately 90 per cent of the Group's revenues; therefore, variations in nickel prices have a direct and significant effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, since February 2010, Talvivaara has not hedged against fluctuations in commodity prices and is, therefore, directly exposed to movements in the market prices of the metals it produces.
Operational Ramp-up
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Talvivaara mine is in the production stage. However, the ramp-up of production still continues, and reaching the targeted production volumes within the estimated timeframe depends on many factors, such as recovery rates and the leaching rate of metals in bioheapleaching, the sufficiency and reliability of the production equipment used in the various processes of production (in the mine, materials handling, bioheapleaching and the metals recovery plant) and the ability to manage the production processes as planned. For example, Talvivaara decided to lower its nickel production target due to unsatisfactory availability of the metals recovery plant in the first quarter of 2011 and certain capacity-limiting bottlenecks identified at the plant. The nickel production target for 2011 was further lowered in the third quarter of 2011 to a minimum of 16,000 tonnes due to problems with the hydrogen sulphide generators. Talvivaara's production target for 2012 is between 25,000 and 30,000 tonnes of nickel and between 50,000 and 60,000 tonnes of zinc. If the planned production volumes cannot be reached with existing equipment and processes, additional investments may be required and the schedule for achieving the targeted production volumes may be delayed, or the targeted production volumes may not be reached at all. Any deviation from the planned ramp-up schedule could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations. The rate of ramp-up is still subject to a number of risks, including various technical and operational risks that may currently be unknown to or beyond the control of Talvivaara. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the operational ramp-up can be completed as currently anticipated, that operations will achieve the anticipated production volumes or that the costs in developing the deposits will be in line with those currently anticipated.
Concentrated Customer Base
Talvivaara has entered into long-term agreements to sell its entire nickel and cobalt production to Norilsk Nickel and its entire zinc production to Nyrstar as discussed in more detail in "Business o f Talvivaara--Material Agreements". A long term off-take agreement has also been concluded with Cameco for the contemplated uranium concentrate production. Although long-term sales agreements mitigate the demand risk, they also expose Talvivaara to counterparty risk if the contract parties do not fulfil their commitments. If any of Talvivaara's contract parties were to unexpectedly terminate their agreement with Talvivaara or failed to abide by the agreement, there can be no assurance that sales would not be delayed or disrupted until alternative customers could be found, or that arrangements with alternative customers could be entered into on terms comparable to the current agreements. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
