Concentrated Customer Base
9
Technology and Intellectual Property Rights
Talvivaara is the first company in the world to apply bioheapleaching technology to the recovery of nickel. The Group has already demonstrated that the process works at the Talvivaara mine, but the final recovery rates of nickel and other metals on an industrial scale are still unknown. If the final recovery rates or the leaching rate for the process deviate substantially from Talvivaara's current estimates, it could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations. Although Talvivaara seeks to minimise this risk proactively through process developments and additional studies, the final recovery rates and the leaching cannot be confirmed until 2013 at the earliest, when the ore stacked in the early stages of production in 2008 is expected to reach the final leaching stage.
Talvivaara does not currently have any registered intellectual property rights related to the bioheapleaching technology, and Talvivaara does not consider it likely that this process, which occurs naturally, could be patented. Talvivaara believes that the technology used by Talvivaara does not infringe the rights of any third parties. However, although the bioheapleaching technology is a commonly used technology, especially in the gold and copper mining industries, there can be no assurance that Talvivaara will not be subject to claims that the bioheapleaching technology violates the intellectual property rights of third parties. Any claims of infringement may result in prolonged legal proceedings. If such a claim for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights were made against Talvivaara, it would most likely require Talvivaara to divert significant management time and effort, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, regardless of the outcome of the claim. Defending such litigation would be costly and, if a final judgment of infringement would be rendered against Talvivaara, Talvivaara could be required to pay substantial monetary damages and, unless it would be able to obtain a license, could become subject to substantial limitations or prohibitions regarding its right to use all or part of the disputed technology, which could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Dependence on One Asset
Talvivaara's operations and further development activities concentrate on the Talvivaara mine. In the future, should the mineral production and development activities be materially reduced, interrupted or delayed, Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, minerals exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and is frequently unsuccessful. There can be no assurance that Talvivaara will be able to identify future mineral resources adjacent to the current Talvivaara deposits or elsewhere or to extend the estimated life of operations of the Talvivaara mine. Once mineralisation is discovered, it may take a number of years to complete the geological surveys necessary to assess whether production is possible and, even if production is possible, the economic feasibility of production may change during that time. Any failure by Talvivaara to identify additional mineral resources in the future could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
Governmental Approvals and Permits
Talvivaara is required by applicable laws and regulations to have various governmental licenses, permits, authorisations and other approvals in order to operate the Talvivaara mine. Talvivaara has the necessary permits for its current operations, but it continues to file additional applications to cover certain specific areas of operations as production is ramped up. In accordance with the terms of Talvivaara's environmental permit, the permit is subject to review by the environmental authorities three years after the commencement of mining activities. Talvivaara filed an application for review of its environmental permit in March 2011 and it expects to obtain the updated permit during 2012. Talvivaara may continue to operate under its permit as before and any changes to its permit would become effective only after the review has been finalised and the decision becomes effective.
