Governmental Approvals and Permits
Talvivaara submitted an application to the Ministry of Employment and Economy in accordance with the Finnish Mining Act (503/1965, as amended) for the expansion of the Talvivaara mining concession area by approximately 70 square kilometres in June 2011. Subject to approval of such expansion, the total area of the Talvivaara mining concession will be approximately 130 square kilometres. The expansion of the mining concession area relates to the previously announced increase in the Talvivaara mineral resources, the full exploitation of which is not possible within the existing mining concession area. In addition, Talvivaara is also considering further expansion of its production, and conceptual studies relating to the expansion were carried out throughout 2011. The production expansion will require preparation of an environmental impact assessment ("EIA") and submission of an environmental permit application covering the expansion. As at the date of this Prospectus, the preparations for the EIA have been completed and the actual EIA work has started. Talvivaara is planning to submit an environmental permit application in respect of the production expansion during 2012. Further, Talvivaara has applied for an environmental permit to recover uranium in the form of uranium oxide from the solution obtained through the bioheapleaching process. Talvivaara's application to the Ministry of Employment and the Economy for a permit in accordance with the Nuclear Energy Act was filed in April 2010, and Talvivaara obtained such permit on 1 March 2012. However, an appeal against the decision of the Finnish Government has been filed with the Supreme Administrative Court by an organization for environmental protection. The environmental permit application for uranium extraction was submitted to the regional environmental permitting agency
10
in March 2011. Talvivaara has on 3 April 2012 been verbally informed by the regional environmental permitting agency that Talvivaara's environmental permit application for uranium extraction and the review of Talvivaara's environmental permit are to be processed together. The permitting authorities have informed Talvivaara that a decision on the uranium permit will be made during 2012.
Obtaining, maintaining and renewing permits and authorisations required for the operation of a mine is a time-consuming process that may require appeals and additional costs, which may be significant. There can be no assurance about the final outcome or timing of any decisions or potential appeals of such decisions regarding Talvivaara's permits and authorizations. Failure to obtain, maintain or renew necessary permits and authorisations within the anticipated timeframes, or at all, could mean that Talvivaara would be unable to carry on mining operations on the site or would have to change its operations or plans, which could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Extensive Regulation
Mining operations in Finland are subject to extensive regulation. Talvivaara's operations are covered by, among others, laws and regulations relating to environmental protection; management and use of toxic substances and explosives; management of natural resources; exploration; development of mines; production and post-closure reclamation; exports; price controls; taxation; labour standards; and occupational health and safety, including mine safety and historic, cultural and wildlife preservation. The costs associated with compliance with these laws and regulations are substantial and possible future laws and regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations (including the imposition of higher taxes and mining fees) or more stringent enforcement or restrictive interpretation of current laws and regulations by governmental authorities could cause additional expense, capital expenditures, restrictions on or suspension of the Group's operations and delays in the development of the Talvivaara mine. Moreover, applicable laws and regulations may allow governmental authorities and private parties to bring lawsuits based upon damages to property and injury to persons resulting from the environmental, health and safety impacts of the Group's operations, and could lead to the imposition of substantial fines, penalties or other civil or criminal sanctions or damages.
For example, a new Finnish Mining Act (621/2011) became effective on 1 July 2011. A number of material changes were made to practically all stages of a mining project, from prospecting and permitting to operations and the closure of mines. Although the new mining act mostly impacts new mining projects in Finland, existing mines, such as the Talvivaara operations, are also affected to a limited extent. However, Talvivaara estimates that the new Finnish Mining Act has not had and will not have a significant impact on its current operations. As Talvivaara's operations involve the handling and storage of dangerous substances, they are also subject to the Council Directive 96/82/EC of 9 December 1996 on the control of major-accident hazards involving dangerous substances (the "Seveso II directive"), Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2006 concerning the registration, evaluation, authorisation and restriction of chemicals (the "REACH regulation") and Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures (the "CLP regulation"). In 2010, Talvivaara registered its products in accordance with the REACH regulation, submitted dossiers for nickel and zinc sulphide to the relevant authorities for registration and compiled the CLP regulation data for all of Talvivaara's substances. As Talvivaara's operations are being ramped up, the cost of compliance with these regulations are expected to increase, and any changes to these regulations could require Talvivaara to make additional investments in its processes. In addition, Finland is a signatory to, and has ratified, the Kyoto Protocol. The Kyoto Protocol is intended to limit or capture emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane. Although the precise nature of the revised environmental regulations and enforcement regime within these jurisdictions is yet to be finalised, compliance may require the Group to make significant capital expenditures or incur significant expenses and failure to comply with any new legislation could result in the Group incurring fines or other penalties.
Estimates of Mineral Resources
