For example, a new Finnish Mining Act (621/2011) became effective on 1 July 2011. A number of material changes were made to practically all stages of a mining project, from prospecting and permitting to operations and the closure of mines. Although the new mining act mostly impacts new mining projects in Finland, existing mines, such as the Talvivaara operations, are also affected to a limited extent. However, Talvivaara estimates that the new Finnish Mining Act has not had and will not have a significant impact on its current operations. As Talvivaara's operations involve the handling and storage of dangerous substances, they are also subject to the Council Directive 96/82/EC of 9 December 1996 on the control of major-accident hazards involving dangerous substances (the "Seveso II directive"), Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2006 concerning the registration, evaluation, authorisation and restriction of chemicals (the "REACH regulation") and Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures (the "CLP regulation"). In 2010, Talvivaara registered its products in accordance with the REACH regulation, submitted dossiers for nickel and zinc sulphide to the relevant authorities for registration and compiled the CLP regulation data for all of Talvivaara's substances. As Talvivaara's operations are being ramped up, the cost of compliance with these regulations are expected to increase, and any changes to these regulations could require Talvivaara to make additional investments in its processes. In addition, Finland is a signatory to, and has ratified, the Kyoto Protocol. The Kyoto Protocol is intended to limit or capture emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane. Although the precise nature of the revised environmental regulations and enforcement regime within these jurisdictions is yet to be finalised, compliance may require the Group to make significant capital expenditures or incur significant expenses and failure to comply with any new legislation could result in the Group incurring fines or other penalties.
Talvivaara's long-term financial performance is affected by the amount of its estimated mineral resources that can be exploited in an economically profitable manner. The descriptions of mineral resources in this Prospectus constitute estimates of Talvivaara that comply with standard evaluation methods generally approved in the international mining industry and are stated in conformity with Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (the "JORC Code"). See "General Information--Mineral Resource Reporting".
In respect of these estimates, there can be no assurance that the anticipated tonnages and grades will be achieved, that the indicated level of recovery will be realised or that mining and processing will be economically profitable. The actual resources may not conform to geological, metallurgical or other expectations. Lower market prices, increased production costs, reduced recovery rates and other factors may render exploitation of Talvivaara's mineral resources uneconomical and may result in revision of the Group's resource estimates from time to time. The information provided in this Prospectus regarding Talvivaara's mineral resources is not indicative of future production levels or results of operations of Talvivaara. If Talvivaara's actual mineral resources are less than current estimates, it could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
11
Availability and Price of Supplies
The most important supplies required in Talvivaara's operations are limestone, burnt lime, caustic soda, elemental sulphur, sulphuric acid and propane. These supplies are all critical for production and are used in large amounts, making it impractical to store reserves that would support operations for more than a few weeks at the mine. Long-term fixed price supply agreements covering limestone, burnt lime and sulphuric acid partly mitigate the Group's exposure to volatility in the prices of raw materials. However, Talvivaara is exposed to price risk, particularly in liquid fuels, caustic soda and elemental sulphur. Failure to negotiate such long-term supply agreements for its supplies could affect the Group's ability to manage the price volatility of raw materials, which could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations. Any disruptions in the availability of supplies or in logistics could result in increased costs for raw materials or production losses, which could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Talvivaara's mining operations also require significant levels of energy, most notably electricity. Although Talvivaara uses hedging and other contractual means to minimise energy price risk whenever possible, volatility in energy prices could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Mining Concessions
Talvivaara Sotkamo has held title to the mining concessions covering the Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi deposits since May 2007, which, under the laws of Finland, require Talvivaara Sotkamo to explore for and exploit mineral reserves in these areas. Mining concessions do not expire; however, they can be terminated under certain limited circumstances by the Ministry of Employment and Economy. Termination of Talvivaara's mining concessions would have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations. Talvivaara is in the process of applying for an extension of the current mining concession area to be used to support the operations of the mine. If granted, the extension would be subject to appeal and there can be no certainty that the extension will be granted or upheld if appealed.
