Mining Concessions
Environmental Hazards
Mining activities are generally subject to environmental hazards as a result of the processes and chemicals used in extraction and production. For example, in late 2010 and early 2011, higher than anticipated concentrations of sulphate and manganese were detected in Talvivaara's discharge waters. With Talvivaara's prompt reaction to the elevated concentrations and cooperation with local authorities to remedy the situation, by December 31, 2011, manganese levels were reduced by 80 per cent and sulphate levels by 50 per cent since early 2011 and permanent damage to the nearby lakes was avoided. Talvivaara continues to focus on further recycling of process waters, optimised consumption of chemicals and research into other technologies and equipment to reduce the discharge levels even further. However, further environmental hazards may exist on Talvivaara's properties or in the areas neighbouring the Talvivaara mine that are currently unknown to it, or may arise irrespective of whether Talvivaara is in compliance with current environmental laws and regulations. Talvivaara may be liable for losses associated with such hazards, or may be forced to undertake extensive remedial clean-up action or to pay for governmental remedial clean-up action, even in cases where such hazards have been caused by previous or subsequent owners or operators of the property, past or present owners of adjacent properties or natural conditions. In addition, Finnish authorities may force closure of the mine on a temporary or permanent basis or refuse future mining concession extensions if serious environmental hazards were to be discovered on Talvivaara properties or in the areas neighbouring the Talvivaara mine. Prevailing or perceived environmental hazards and related negative publicity could also impair Talvivaara's reputation. For more information see "Business o f Talvivaara--Regulatory Framework and Rights to the Talvivaara Deposits--Environmental Matters".
Infrastructure
The Talvivaara mine is located in a sparsely populated, sub-Arctic area in Eastern Finland, and Talvivaara's production operations rely on the infrastructure in that area being adequate. Talvivaara depends on trucks and trains for delivery of raw materials and supplies to its operations and trains and ships to transport its products to customers. Electricity for the mine is supplied via a cable owned by Talvivaara that connects the mine to the Vuolijoki substation on the Finnish main grid. Disruptions in transportation services or the power supply because of weather-related problems, failures in key equipment, lockouts or other industrial action or other events could temporarily disrupt Talvivaara's mining operations, impair its ability to receive supplies and supply its products to customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Personnel
Talvivaara's business depends in significant part upon the contributions of a number of key senior management and personnel, in particular its highly skilled team of engineers and geologists. Factors critical to retaining Talvivaara's present personnel and attracting additional highly qualified personnel include Talvivaara's ability to provide these
12
individuals with competitive compensation arrangements. However, there can be no certainty that the services of its key personnel will continue to be available to the Group. A failure by Talvivaara to retain or attract highly qualified individuals in key management positions as well as highly skilled engineers and geologists could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
