12
In addition, it may be difficult for Talvivaara to find or hire qualified people in the mining industry who are or will be situated in Finland, to obtain all of the necessary services or expertise locally or to conduct operations on its projects at reasonable rates. If qualified people, services or expertise cannot be obtained locally, they would need to be obtained elsewhere, which could require work permits and compliance with applicable laws, and could result in operational delays and higher costs, which could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Capital Expenditure
The mining business is capital intensive and the development and exploitation of metals reserves and the acquisition of machinery and equipment require substantial capital expenditure. Talvivaara's strategy is initially focused on ramping up annual nickel production to 50,000 tonnes. Although no firm commitments have been made, Talvivaara has continued conceptual studies relating to potential further expansion of its nickel production level, which began in late 2010. The implementation of these plans, to the extent pursued, is expected to involve significant capital expenditure. Subject to receiving all required permits and approvals, Talvivaara plans to recover uranium as a by-product, which would require significant capital expenditures; however, up to U.S.$ 60 million of such expenditures will be covered by its contract partner, Cameco, as discussed in "Business o f Talvivaara--Material Agreements-- Uranium Off-take Agreement". Some of Talvivaara's plans may also require greater investment than currently estimated. There can be no assurance that Talvivaara will be able to reach its targeted production levels and generate sufficient cash flow to finance operations, which may require Talvivaara to obtain additional financing. Such financing may not be available on commercially satisfactory terms, or at all, which may, in turn, delay implementation of Talvivaara's strategy and have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Foreign Exchange Risk
The majority of the Group's incurred and anticipated capital expenditure and nearly all of its operating expenditure are euro denominated. The Group's products (i.e., nickel, zinc, copper and cobalt) are, however, priced in U.S. dollars, exposing the Group to foreign currency risk. The Group's exposure to U.S. dollar risk arises also from U.S. dollar denominated bank accounts and U.S. dollar derivative contracts. Accordingly, the Group's financial results may be affected by exchange rate fluctuations between euro and the U.S. dollar. The exchange rate between euro and the U.S. dollar was volatile throughout 2011 and was impacted by the euro area crisis, particularly towards the end of 2011. Talvivaara has, from time to time, hedged its exposure to the U.S. dollar with the aim of limiting the adverse effects of U.S. dollar weakness and expects to continue to do so in the future. However, if Talvivaara's hedging policy is unsuccessful or if a hedging counterparty were not to perform its obligations, it could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information, see the audited consolidated financial statements of Talvivaara for the years ended and as at 31 December 2011 and 2010 incorporated by reference herein.
Liquidity and Refinancing Risks
Talvivaara's ability to finance its operations depends on a number of factors, including the availability of cash flows from operations and access to additional debt and equity financing, and there can be no assurance that such funds will be available in the future. In addition, certain of Talvivaara's financial instruments and other agreements contain financial commitments and covenants. Failure to comply with these commitments and covenants could reduce the amount of credit available to Talvivaara or accelerate the maturity date of certain loans. There can be no assurance that Talvivaara will be able to incur additional debt or refinance its existing debt on terms that are acceptable to it, or at all.
In addition, the adverse developments in the credit markets, as well as other future adverse developments, such as the further deterioration of the overall financial markets and a worsening of general economic conditions, could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's ability to borrow additional funds as well as the cost and other terms of funding. The failure to obtain sufficient funding for operations or the increased costs or unfavourable terms of financing could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, difficulties that Talvivaara may encounter in financing its capital investments may prevent the realization of its strategic plans and could result in Talvivaara having to forgo opportunities that may arise in the future. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's competitive position. For additional information, see the audited consolidated financial statements of Talvivaara for the years ended and as at 31 December 2011 and 2010 incorporated by reference herein.
