Talvivaara's ability to finance its operations depends on a number of factors, including the availability of cash flows from operations and access to additional debt and equity financing, and there can be no assurance that such funds will be available in the future. In addition, certain of Talvivaara's financial instruments and other agreements contain financial commitments and covenants. Failure to comply with these commitments and covenants could reduce the amount of credit available to Talvivaara or accelerate the maturity date of certain loans. There can be no assurance that Talvivaara will be able to incur additional debt or refinance its existing debt on terms that are acceptable to it, or at all.
13
Internal Control and Reporting
Talvivaara has grown substantially in a relatively short period of time. The increasing operating complexity of Talvivaara's business and the responsibilities of its management have increased as a result of this growth, placing additional demands and, from time to time, significant strain on its managerial, operational and control systems. If the control systems and the related internal controls do not detect erroneous actions, the reliability of Talvivaara's internal and external reporting may be impaired, which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations as well as on communications and reputation.
Business of Mining
Mining business is subject to risks and hazards, many of which are outside Talvivaara's control. These risks include, among others, environmental hazards (including discharges of metals, pollutants or hazardous chemicals), industrial and mechanical accidents, labour disruptions, fires, explosions, encountering unusual or unexpected geological formations, cave-ins, flooding, landslides, power outages and periodic interruptions due to inclement weather conditions, the occurrence of any of which could result in damage to or destruction of mineral properties or production facilities, personal injury or death, environmental damage, reduced production or delays in mining, asset write-downs, monetary losses and potential legal liability. For example, on 15 March 2012, there was a fatal incident involving an employee of Talvivaara at the Talvivaara mine. Kainuu's police department is investigating the incident as a potential breach of occupational health and safety laws. Relating to the incident, Talvivaara announced on 2 April 2012 that the Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency TUKES has requested Talvivaara to provide a clarification on occupational safety procedures at the Talvivaara mine. At the time of the request by the Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency TUKES, Talvivaara was carrying out a normal maintenance stoppage with special focus on areas mentioned in the request. Talvivaara delivered the requested clarifications to the Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency TUKES between 3 April and 5 April 2012. On 5 April 2012, the Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency TUKES confirmed the provided clarifications to be satisfactory, and Talvivaara started preparations for re-starting the metals recovery plant subsequent to completion of the maintenance work. Although Talvivaara maintains insurance in an amount that it considers to be adequate, liabilities could exceed policy limits, or insurance may not be available for all potential risks, in which event Talvivaara could incur significant costs that could have a material adverse effect on Talvivaara's business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, any accidents caused by Talvivaara or third parties could harm the reputation of Talvivaara and have an adverse impact on its relationship with its contract partners and other stakeholders.
Risks relating to the Notes and the Guarantee
The Notes may not be a suitable investmentfo r all investors
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
