Absence o f rating
Early redemption
As specified in Condition 8.2 "Early Redemption" of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Issuer is entitled, in its sole discretion, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of the Notes, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes after 4 April 2015 but before the Redemption Date. There can be no assurance that the holders of the Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Notes.
In addition, the holders of the Notes are entitled to demand premature repayment of the Notes in cases specified in Conditions 12 "Events of Default" and 13 "Change of Control" of the terms and conditions of the Notes. Such premature repayment may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to repay the Notes of such holders of the Notes who elect not to exercise their right to get their Notes prematurely repaid. Investors are also exposed to the risk that several debt obligations of the Issuer may become due simultaneously, as a result of which the investor in the Notes may have to wait for payment until the Issuer has paid other debts which rank senior to the Notes.
Furthermore, as specified in Condition 13 "Change of Control" of the terms and conditions of the Notes, if more than 75 per cent of the aggregate volume of the Notes has been repaid pursuant to a demand by the holders of the Notes based on a change of control of the Issuer, the Issuer is entitled to also prepay the remaining outstanding Notes by notifying the holders of the Notes of such prepayment. The early redemption triggers a so-called re-investment risk as the investor cannot necessarily re-invest the prematurely returned principal with as high yield as the investor was originally supposed to be paid under the Notes.
No prior public marketfo r the Notes
The Notes constitute a new issue of securities. Prior to the listing of the Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, there is no public market for the Notes. Although application will be made to list the Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, there can be no assurance that such application will be approved. In addition, listing of the Notes will not guarantee that an active public market for the Notes will develop, and if such a market were to develop, neither the Issuer nor the Joint Bookrunners is/are under any obligation to maintain such a market. The liquidity and the market price for the Notes can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and other factors that generally influence the market prices of securities. Such fluctuations may significantly affect the liquidity and the market prices of the Notes, which may trade at a discount to the price at which the holders purchased the Notes.
Holders of the Notes should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date of this Prospectus), whereby there is a lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot predict which of these circumstances will change and whether, if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes at that time.
Fixed interest rate
