Holders of the Notes should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date of this Prospectus), whereby there is a lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot predict which of these circumstances will change and whether, if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes at that time.
The Notes will bear interest on their outstanding principal at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a security with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the price of such security could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security
15
or during a certain period of time, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis.
If the market interest rate increases, the market price of such a security typically falls until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases until the yield of such a security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. Consequently, the holders of the Notes should be aware that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for the holders of the Notes if they sell the Notes during the period in which the interest rate of the Notes is fixed.
Restricted limitation on issuing additional debt or granting o f security
Except for the limitation set out in the negative pledge clause in Condition 3 of the terms and conditions of the Notes, there is no restriction on the amount of debt which the Issuer may raise or issue after the issuing of the Notes that ranks pari passu or senior to the Notes. In addition, there is no restriction on granting of security by the Issuer on any existing or future debts except for the negative pledge clause in Condition 3 of the terms and conditions of the Notes. Such further debt or granting of security may reduce the amount recoverable by the holders of the Notes upon winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer, or may adversely effect the position and priority of the holders of the Notes in such winding-up or insolvency procedure.
The Notes will mature after a substantial portion o f the Group's indebtedness
The Notes will mature in 2017. If the Issuer is not able to refinance its indebtedness, the Issuer will be required to repay a substantial portion of its other creditors, including senior unsecured convertible bonds, before the Issuer is required to repay principal of the Notes. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient cash to repay all amounts owing to the Notes at maturity. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will have the ability to borrow or otherwise raise the amounts necessary to repay such amounts.
