In English
See "Risk Factors"fo r a discussion o f certain factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Notes. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on consideration o f this Prospectus as a whole. Certain terms used in this summary are defined elsewhere in this Prospectus.
Following the implementation o f the Prospectus Directive in each Member State o f the European Economic Area, no civil liability will attach to Talvivaara in any Member State solely on the basis o f the summary, including any translation thereof, unless it is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts o f this Prospectus. Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Prospectus is brought before a court in a Member State o f the European Economic Area, the plaintiff may, under the national legislation o f the Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs o f translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated.
Overview
Talvivaara is an internationally significant base metals producer with its primary focus on nickel and zinc. Talvivaara's main asset is the Talvivaara mine in Sotkamo, Finland. The Talvivaara polymetallic deposits, Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi, comprise one of the largest known sulphide nickel resources in Europe. The classified mineral resources are currently estimated by Talvivaara at 1,550 million tonnes of ore, of which 1,121 million tonnes are in measured and indicated categories.
The Guarantor, which holds the exclusive rights to mine the Talvivaara deposits, is the sole operative subsidiary of the Issuer and carries out the mining and mineral activities at the Talvivaara mine. The Issuer's ownership in the Guarantor is 84 per cent and the remaining 16 per cent is owned by Outokumpu Mining Oy ("Outokumpu Mining").
Talvivaara started its operations in the Talvivaara mine in 2008 and produced its first commercial quantities of nickel sulphide in February 2009. Following this, Talvivaara has focused on ramping up its production. As by-products of the mine, Talvivaara produces zinc and cobalt and also expects to produce copper starting in 2012. In addition, in February 2010, Talvivaara announced its plan to recover uranium in the form of uranium oxide as a by-product. The Finnish Government granted the requested license under the Finnish Nuclear Energy Act on 1 March 2012. However, the application for an environmental permit is pending as at the date of this Prospectus.
Talvivaara supplies metal intermediates, such as mixed nickel cobalt sulphide, zinc sulphide and copper sulphide, to companies with metal refining operations. Talvivaara has entered into a 10-year off-take agreement with Norilsk Nickel Harjavalta Oy ("Norilsk Nickel") for the entire output of the Talvivaara mine's nickel and cobalt production at market prices. In January 2010, Talvivaara Sotkamo entered into a zinc in concentrate streaming agreement (the "Zinc in Concentrate Streaming Agreement") with Nyrstar Sales & Marketing NV and Nyrstar NV (together, "Nyrstar") for the delivery of its entire zinc in concentrate production to Nyrstar until a total of 1.25 million tonnes of zinc in concentrate has been delivered. Further, Talvivaara Sotkamo entered into a uranium off-take agreement with Cameco Corporation ("Cameco") in February 2011.
Talvivaara develops the Talvivaara deposits using technology known as bioheapleaching. This technology harnesses locally occurring, live bacteria for the extraction of metals from ore. During the last few years, Talvivaara has demonstrated the viability of using bioheapleaching technology for the extraction of nickel from the Talvivaara ore. The Talvivaara ore body is well suited to open-pit mining due to thin overburden, favourable resource geometry and a low waste to ore ratio. The ore is of a relatively low grade (0.22 per cent nickel), but is well suited to bioheapleaching due to its high sulphide content and low pH, which enables rapid leaching and reduces the need for chemical catalysis.
