Espoo, 10 April 2012
18
Presentation of Financial and Certain Other Information
The audited consolidated financial statements of Talvivaara for the years ended and as at 31 December 2011 and 2010 incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), as adopted by the European Union ("EU"). The audited financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended and as at 31 December 2011 and 2010 incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in Finland ("Finnish Accounting Standards," "FAS").
On 28 April 2011, the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Talvivaara elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as its auditor with authorised public accountant Ylva Eriksson as the responsible auditor. On 7 May 2007, the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the Guarantor elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as its auditor with authorised public accountant Ylva Eriksson as the responsible auditor. The consolidated financial statements of Talvivaara for the years ended and as at 31 December 2011 and 2010 and the financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended and as at 31 December 2011 and 2010 incorporated by reference into this Prospectus have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, with Authorised Public Accountant Ylva Eriksson as the responsible auditor. The authorised public accountants signing the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and the financial statements of the Guarantor are members of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants.
Financial information set forth in a number of tables in this Prospectus has been rounded. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum of the numbers in a column or row may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. In addition, certain percentages presented in the tables in this Prospectus reflect calculations based upon the underlying information prior to rounding and, accordingly, may not conform exactly to the percentages that would be derived if the relevant calculations were based upon the rounded numbers.
In this Prospectus, references to "euro" or "EUR" are to the currency of the member states of the EU participating in the European Economic and Monetary Union and references to "U.S.$" or "U.S. dollar" are to the lawful currency of the United States.
Mineral Resource Reporting
The Group's resources described in this Prospectus constitute Talvivaara's estimates that comply with standard evaluation methods generally used in the international mining industry and are stated in conformity with the JORC Code. The resource information included in this Prospectus has not been verified by an independent expert. All mineral resources included herein are quoted for the two Talvivaara deposits as a whole and are not attributable with respect to the 84 per cent ownership of Talvivaara Sotkamo.
