19
Included in this Prospectus are various statements relating to the potential at Talvivaara's exploration targets. The disclosure of target potential follows specific guidance in section 18 of the JORC Code, specifically that the target potential should be expressed as a range of quantity and grade, with an explanation of the basis of the statement. The summary statement of potential for each target is expressed explicitly on the basis that (i) the potential range of quantity and grade is conceptual in nature, there has been insufficient exploration to define a mineral resource on the target and it is uncertain if further exploration will result in the discovery of a mineral resource on the target; and (ii) the mineralised potential constitutes a possible mineral deposit that is to be the target of further exploration.
Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-looking Statements
This Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, "forward-looking statements". These forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms "believes", "estimates", "plans", "projects", "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "may", "will", or "should", or in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Prospectus and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Group's intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, amongst other things, the results of operations, financial position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the mining industry.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of the Group's operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Group operates, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Group operates are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the following:
·
expectations regarding the ramp-up of Talvivaara's production and production volumes;
·
expectations regarding the Group's planned capital expenditure;
