Additional factors that could cause the Group's actual results of operations, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Forward-looking statements may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements in this Prospectus reflect the Group's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Group's operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. Investors should specifically consider the factors identified in this Prospectus which could cause actual results to differ before making an investment decision. Talvivaara does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein unless required by applicable legislation.
This Prospectus will be available on the internet at www.talvivaara.com/Senior-unsecured-bond starting on 11 April 2012 and, starting on or about 11 April 2012, at the premises of Talvivaara at Ahventie 4 B 47, FI-02170 Espoo, Finland; and at the reception of the Helsinki Stock Exchange at Fabianinkatu 14, FI-00130 Helsinki, Finland.
20
No Incorporation of Website Information This Prospectus will be published on Talvivaara's website at www.talvivaara.com/Senior-unsecured-bond. However, the contents of Talvivaara's website or any other website do not form a part of this Prospectus (other than information incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, see "Documents Incorporated by Reference into this Prospectus"), and prospective investors should not rely on such information. Market and Industry Information Any estimates with respect to market and industry information referred to in this Prospectus are based upon the reasonable estimation of the management of Talvivaara. Where certain other market estimates contained in this Prospectus have been derived from third party sources, the name of the source is given herein. Talvivaara disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy or the completeness of these third party market estimates. This information has been reproduced accurately in this Prospectus. As far as Talvivaara is aware and to the extent it can ascertain from information published by these sources, there are no omissions that would render such information in this Prospectus misleading or inaccurate.
21
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
TALVIVAARA MINING COMPANY EUR 110,000,000 9.75 per cent Notes due 2017
ISIN CODE FI4000041702
The Board of Directors of Talvivaara Mining Company Plc (the "Issuer") has, in its meeting on 16 March 2012, authorised issuance of notes referred to in paragraph 1 of Section 34 of the Act on Promissory Notes (622/1947, as amended) on the terms and conditions set forth below (the "Notes").
