If Notes representing more than seventy-five (75) per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes have been prepaid on the Prepayment Date pursuant to this Condition 13, the Issuer is entitled to prepay also the remaining outstanding Notes at their nominal principal amount with accrued interest but without any premium or penalty by notifying the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 15 no later than 15 Business Days after the Prepayment
Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the tenth (10th) Business Day following the date of publication of such notice.
A "Change of Control" will be deemed to have occurred if, after the Issue Date, any person or group of persons acting in concert directly or indirectly acquire ownership in shares of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor representing more than 50 per cent of the total voting rights represented by the shares in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, as applicable. A Change of Control in respect of the Guarantor will only be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer ceases to directly or indirectly control more than 50 per cent of the total voting rights represented by the shares in the Guarantor as a result of changes in the ownership of the shares of the Guarantor. For the purposes of this provision, "acting in concert" means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition by any of them, either directly or indirectly, of shares in the Issuer, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
"Prepayment Date" means the date falling forty-five (45) Business Days after the publication of the notice referred to in the first paragraph of this Condition 13.
14. Substitution of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor
The Noteholders' Meeting may agree on the substitution of the holding company or of a subsidiary of the Issuer in place of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor.
15. Notices
Holders of Notes must be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a notice published in Helsingin Sanomat or any other national daily newspaper selected by the Issuer. The Issuer may deliver notices on the Notes in writing directly to holders of Notes at the address appearing on the list of holders of Notes provided by Euroclear Finland in accordance with the paragraph below.
Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer will, subject to the regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to obtain information of the holders of Notes from Euroclear Finland and Euroclear Finland will be entitled to provide such information to the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer will, subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Notes, provided that it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall at the request of the Issuer Agent pass on such information to the Issuer Agent.
