(b) 100 per cent, of all remaining scheduled interest payments on the Notes until the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given) (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date), discounted (for
the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the yield of the Swedish Government Bond with a maturity date on or about the First Call Date plus 0.50 per cent.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve {midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve {nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means an event where any person (other than Dorco International B. V.) or group of persons acting in concert (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and has the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Issuer, or (ii) has the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
For the purposes of this definition, "acting in concert" means, a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co operate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 {Form o f Compliance Certificate) and reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying: (a) that so far as it is aware no Event o f Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such
event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it; (b) the ratio and calculation in respect of the Equity Ratio; (c) any amount standing to the credit of the Debt Service Reserve Account; and (d) that not less than 90% of all investments made by the Issuer from the Issue Date are Real Estate Related Investments.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 5561128074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
