The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Noteholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
Disposals
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into a single transaction or series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the assets or operations of the Group where such disposal is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
As at 18 July 2016, the Issuer owns in total 6,148,824 shares in Stendörren and following the transfer of the shares in D. Carnegie to Vega Holdco S.å r.l. 3,939,134 shares in D. Carnegie. From such date and for the remaining term of the Notes the Issuer shall not enter into a single transaction or series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of its remaining shares in D. Carnegie and in Stendörren without redeeming the Notes in full. The Issuer further undertakes during the remaining term of the Notes not to create and security interest over its shares in D. Carnegie, except for the security to be granted to Vega Holdco S.å r.l. to secure Issuer's obligations (i) not to sell its 3,939,134 shares in D. Carnegie without first having offered Vega Holdco S.å r.l. to acquire the shares and (ii) to issue a power of attorney to Vega Holdco S.å r.l. to vote for the shares at all shareholders' meetings in D.Carnegie.
Restrictions regarding pledge of assets
Except for the Pledge Agreements and the Existing Pledge, the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets for any Market Loan raised by the Issuer, other than any Senior Market Loan.
Change of Business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group taken as a whole from that carried on at the date of the Terms and Conditions.
The Issuer shall procure that not less than 90% of all investments made by the Issuer during the term of the Notes are Real Estate Related Investments.
