.5 Notes in Book-Entry Form
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code [foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Noteholder
(a) If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.
(b) A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
