20.2 Liability and Indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set forth in Clause 2.3. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
(c) The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated Costs, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.
20.3 Change of Bond Trustee (a) Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 19. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
(b) The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 17, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
(c) The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth
49
under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
20.4 Security Agent (a) The Security Agent shall have only those duties, obligations and responsibilities expressly specified in the Intercreditor Agreement or in the Security Documents to which the Security Agent is expressed to be a party (and no others shall be implied). The duties of the Security Agent under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature.
(b) The Security Agent may resign or be changed in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
