(c) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any
such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows: (i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; or (ii) if by telefax, when received. (d) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons. (e) When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated); (i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in
force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included. (ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month. (iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date. 21.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue (a) This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law. (b) All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. (c) This Clause 21.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
54
T his Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Oslo, 27 September 2012
Teodin Acquico AS Issuer
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Bond Trustee
...........
