The Financial Covenant shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term o f the Rond Issue.
The compliance with the above Financial Covenant shall be measured on each Quarter Date (first time on 31 March 2013) and certified by the Issuer with each annual and quarterly financial statement in a Compliance Certificate to be delivered to the Bond Trustee.
16.3 Equity cure No breach of the Financial Covenant set out above will be considered to have occurred if a New Shareholder Injection is made within 15 Business Days from the earlier of (i) the Issuer becoming aware of the failure to comply with the Financial Covenant and (ii) delivery of a Compliance Certificate evidencing such failure to comply, always provided that the Financial Covenant would be complied with if tested for the same testing period on the basis that such New Shareholder Injection was deemed to have reduced the Net Interest Bearing Debt as at the last day of that Relevant Period.
17. FEES AND EXPENSES
17.1 Costs and expenses The Issuer shall cover all Costs incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from the Escrow Account or from other funds received from any Obligor, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such Costs.
17.2 Bond Trustee fee agreement The fees and Costs payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and Costs payable to the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Agent which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders, hereunder of any Costs incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
17.3 Public fees The Issuer shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation.
17.4 Extraordinary expenses In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 17.1 and 17.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover
39 / f 4 A
