10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Change of Control
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option): (i) any time (American option) from the Disbursement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in June 2008 at 105 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) any time (American option) from the Interest Payment Date in June 2008 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in June 2009 at 104.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and
(iii) any time (American option) from the Interest Payment Date in June 2009 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 103 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
13
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption. Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment o f individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds). Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan. 10.3 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of repayment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101 % of par plus accrued interest. The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1 (h). The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent of the Loan (the "Paying Agent") of the repayment request. The put date shall be fifteen - 15 - Banking Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
