Paper Funding S.A., a public limited liability company (societe anonyme) organized and existing under the laws of Luxembourg (the ``Temporary Notes Issuer'' or ``Paper Funding''), issued (the ``Offering'') 290,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 11.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (the ``Temporary Notes'') on February9, 2015, (the ``Temporary Notes Issue Date''). The share capital of the Temporary Notes Issuer is owned by a Dutch foundation (stichting). As further explained below, the Temporary Notes were exchanged for Senior Secured Notes (as defined herein) on February 24, 2015, and do not exist anymore.
Concurrently with the closing of the Offering of the Temporary Notes, and upon consummation of the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations the Issuer deposited pre-funded interest on the portion of the Temporary Notes that exceeds the Minimum Principal Amount through the Escrow Longstop Date (as defined below) (the ``Pre Funded Amount'') and the Initial Purchasers (as defined below) deposited the gross proceeds of the Offering (together with the Pre-Funded Amount, the ``Escrow Funds'') into an escrow account held in the name of the Temporary Notes Issuer (the ``Escrow Account'') pursuant to the terms of an escrow agreement (the ``Escrow Agreement'') dated as of the Temporary Notes Issue Date among the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Parent, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch, as trustee (the ``Trustee'') and as escrow agent (the ``Escrow Agent'') and Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as security agent (the ``Temporary Notes Security Agent''). The release of the Escrow Funds (the ``Escrow Release'') was subject to the delivery of an officer's certificate of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the Temporary Notes Issuer to the Escrow Agent certifying, among other things, that the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations has been consummated substantially concurrently with the Escrow Release and certifying that the aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes exchanged for Temporary Notes was not greater than the Permitted Amount (as defined herein).
Concurrently with the Offering, Norske Skog Holding AS (the ``Exchange Notes Issuer''), the direct parent company of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer (and, together with the Parent and Norske Treindustrier AS, the ``Parent Guarantors''), offered the eligible holders of each series of the Parent's Existing Notes to exchange (the ``Proposed Exchange Offers'') any and all of each series of outstanding Existing Notes for newly-issued Euro-denominated senior notes due 2021 (the ``Exchange Notes due 2021'') and US dollar-denominated senior notes due 2023 (the ``Exchange Notes due 2023'') and, together with the Exchange Notes due 2021, the ``Exchange Notes'', and, collectively with the Senior Secured Notes, the ``Notes'', unless the context requires otherwise) of the Exchange Notes Issuer and, if applicable to such series, cash, pursuant to the terms of the Proposed Exchange Offers. On the Issue Date, the Exchange Notes Issuer issued (159,017,000 8.00% Exchange Notes due 2021 and US$60,649,000 8.00% Exchange Notes due 2023. The Exchange Notes Issuer also solicited consents (the ``Proposed Consent Solicitations'') from the eligible holders of each series of Existing Notes to amend important provisions of the outstanding Existing Notes pursuant to the terms of the Proposed Consent Solicitations.
The Senior Secured Notes bear interest at a rate of 11.75% and will mature on December 15, 2019. The Senior Secured Notes Issuer will pay interest on the Notes semi-annually on each of June 15 and December 15, commencing on June 15, 2015. The Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or a portion of the Notes prior to February 15, 2017 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the redemption date and a ``make-whole'' premium, as described in these listing particulars. The Senior Secured Notes may be redeemed at any time on or after February15, 2017 at the redemption prices set forth in these listing particulars. At any time prior to February15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may also redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes at a redemption price equal to 111.75% plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, provided that at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes remain outstanding, with the net proceeds of one or more specified equity offerings. Additionally, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all of the Senior Secured Notes upon the occurrence of certain changes in applicable tax law at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Senior Secured Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. If a change of control occurs, each holder of the Senior Secured Notes may require the Senior Secured Notes Issuer to repurchase all or a portion of its Senior Secured Notes at 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any.
The Exchange Notes due 2021 bear interest at a rate of 8.00% and will mature on February24, 2021. The Exchange Notes due 2023 bear interest at a rate of 8.00% and will mature on February 24, 2023. The Exchanges Notes Issuer will pay interest on each series of the Exchange Notes semi-annually on each of February 24, and August 24, com mencing on August 24, 2015. Subject to the limitations set forth in ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption" , the Exchange Notes Issuer may redeem all or a portion of the Exchange Notes prior to February 24, 2018 at a redemption price equal to 100%, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the redemption date and the applicable ``make-whole'' premium, as described in these listing particulars. Subject to the limitations set forth in "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption" , the Exchange Notes may be redeemed at any time on or after February 24, 2018, in each case, at the redemption prices set forth in these listing particulars. Additionally, the Exchange Notes Issuer may redeem all of any series of the Exchange Notes upon the occurrence of certain changes in applicable tax law at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such series of Exchange Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any. If a change of control occurs, each Holder of the Exchange Notes may require the Exchange Notes Issuer to repurchase all or a portion of its Exchange Notes at 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any.
The Senior Secured Notes are senior obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer. The Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed (the ``Guarantees'' and, each, a ``Guarantee'') on a senior secured basis by the Parent Guarantors and by certain of the Issuer's subsidiaries (the ``Subsidiary Guarantors'' and, together with the Parent Guarantors, the ``Guarantors''). The Senior Secured Notes are secured by the capital stock of the Guarantors (other than the Parent) and certain other subsidiaries of the Parent and by certain other assets of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the Guarantors. See " Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security" .
The Exchange Notes are general obligations of the Issuer and are guaranteed by the Parent Guarantors and the Subsidiary Guarantors on a senior basis by the Parent Guarantors and on a senior subordinated basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors under the indenture dated as of the Issue Date (the ``Exchange Notes Indenture'') between, among others, the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Trustee. The Notes and the Guarantees will be unsecured.
The Senior Secured Notes are general obligations of the Issuer and are senior in right of payment to all existing and future indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer that is subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes, are pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer that is not subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes, are unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors, are effectively senior to all the existing and future indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer that is unsecured or secured by liens junior to the liens securing the Senior Secured Notes, are effectively subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer that is secured by property and assets that do not secure the Senior Secured Notes, to the extent of the value of the property and assets securing such indebtedness, and are effectively subordinated to all obligations of the subsidiaries of the Issuer that do not guarantee the Senior Secured Notes.
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the ``Euro MTF Market''). The Euro MTF Market is not a regulated market within the meaning of the provisions of Directive 2004/39/EC. These Listing Particulars constitute a prospectus for purposes of Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities dated July 10, 2005, as amended.
