26
In addition to the other information contained in these listing particulars, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating an investment in the Notes and the Guarantees. Any of the risks described below, or additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could have a significant or material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and result in a corresponding decline in the market price of the Notes. You could lose all or a substantial part of your investment.
These listing particulars also contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in these listing particulars. See "Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements''.
Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry
We have a history of losses, and we may not be profitable or generate sufficient cash flow to meet our liquidity needs in the future.
We have had a history of losses. For the years ended December 31,2013, 2012 and 2011, we generated net losses of NOK 1,844 million, NOK 2,781 million and NOK 2,545 million, respectively. In addition, in recent periods, our operating cash flows and available capital resources have not been sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements. For the year ended December 31,2013 and the nine months ended September 30, 2014, our net cash flow from operating activities was NOK 68 million and NOK (224) million, respectively. A failure to become profitable or to generate sufficient operating cash flow to meet our liquidity needs could adversely affect our ability to sustain operations, obtain additional funding, meet our debt service obligations, including with respect to the Notes, or continue as a going concern.
During recent years, we experienced weaker demand for our products due to depressed economic conditions, decreased circulation levels of newspapers and magazines and other trends in end-user preferences, which adversely impacted our results of operations and liquidity. Our future liquidity could be negatively impacted by many factors including, but not limited to, continued overcapacity in the paper industry, decreased prices for our finished products, reduced demand for publication paper, increased prices for raw materials, exchange rate fluctuations or other factors. If our future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to reduce or delay our business activities and capital expenditures, sell assets, obtain additional financing, restructure or refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, including the Notes, or forego opportunities such as acquisitions of other businesses.
The availability, timing and terms of any alternative sources of liquidity will likely depend upon our financial condition and prevailing conditions in the financial markets. We cannot assure you that any future financing will be available to us at any given time or as to the reasonableness of the terms on which any future financing may be available. We cannot assure you that our current expectations of cash flow from operations (which will depend on numerous future factors and conditions, many of which are beyond our control) will be accurate. Such cash flow projections are merely estimates of future events and actual events will probably vary from current estimates, possibly materially.
The publication paper industry has undergone significant fundamental changes in the last decade. This has resulted in periods of substantial overcapacity and intense competition among paper manufacturers, principally associated with declining demand in certain markets for publication paper, especially newsprint, which is likely to continue.
