8. FINANCIAL RISK AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING (Continued)
 Sensitivity on commodity contracts and embedded derivatives is presented separately under ``Commodity risk''.
 Currency derivatives and foreign currency debt that are designated as net investment hedges and qualify for hedge accounting according to IAS 39 will only affect equity.
 Other currency derivatives that are recognised at fair value through profit and loss will affect the income statement. These effects come mainly from currency derivatives and financial liabilities managed as economic net investment hedges which do not qualify for hedge accounting according to IAS 39.
 Other non-derivative financial instruments accounted for in the analysis comprise cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable, accounts receivable and borrowings denominated in currencies different from the functional currency of the entity.
 Correlation effects between currencies are not taken into account. Figures are presented net of tax.
At 31 December 2014, if NOK had appreciated 10% against all currencies to which the group has significant exposure, net profit after tax from financial instruments would have been NOK 369 million higher (NOK 265 million higher at 31 December 2013). If NOK had depreciated by 10% at 31 December 2014 against all currencies to which the group has significant exposure, net profit after tax from financial instruments would have been NOK 369 million lower (NOK 285 million lower at 31 December 2013). Net profit after tax is affected in a non-linear manner in 2013 due to changes in the fair value of options. The effect of the sensitivity analysis on the income statement is mainly caused by changes in fair value of derivatives designated as rolling cash flow hedge, and foreign exchange gains/losses on the translation of EUR and USD denominated debt for which there is no hedge accounting. Because the portion of debt has increased in relation to the portion of cash, the effect on the income statement is higher in 2014 compared to 2013.
Given a 10% appreciation/depreciation of NOK, equity would have been NOK 133 million higher/lower (NOK 189 million higher/lower at 31 December 2013) as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses on financial instruments designated as net investment hedges. The sensitivity analysis on equity excludes the effects from the sensitivity analysis on the income statement, calculated above.
c) Commodity risk
