Given a 10% appreciation/depreciation of NOK, equity would have been NOK 133 million higher/lower (NOK 189 million higher/lower at 31 December 2013) as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses on financial instruments designated as net investment hedges. The sensitivity analysis on equity excludes the effects from the sensitivity analysis on the income statement, calculated above.
A major part of Norske Skog's global commodity demand is secured through long-term contracts. Norske Skog only uses financial instruments to a limited extent to hedge these contracts. The hedging ratio represents a trade-off between risk exposure and the opportunity to take advantage of short-term price drops in the spot market. Hedging levels are regulated through mandates approved by the board of directors.
Some of Norske Skog's purchase and sales contracts are defined as financial instruments, or contain embedded derivatives, which fall within the scope of IAS 39. These financial instruments and embedded derivatives are measured in the balance sheet at fair value with value changes recognised through profit or loss. Commodity contracts are either financial contracts for the purpose of trading or hedging, or physical commodity contracts that are not for the purpose of own use. The embedded derivatives are common in physical commodity contracts and comprise a wide variety of derivative characteristics.
Changes in fair value of commodity contracts reflect unrealised gains or losses and are calculated as the difference between market price and contract price, discounted to present value. Some commodity contracts are bilateral contracts or embedded derivatives in bilateral contracts, for which there exists no active market. Therefore, valuation techniques are used as much as possible, with the use of available
F-50
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
8. FINANCIAL RISK AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING (Continued)
market information. Techniques that reflect how the market could be expected to price instruments are used in non-observable markets.
Norske Skog's portfolio of commodity contracts consists mainly of physical energy contracts. Fair value of commodity contracts is especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of embedded derivatives in physical contracts depends on currency and price index fluctuations. The energy contracts in Norway are nominated in EUR. These contracts contain embedded derivatives that are sensitive to changes in exchange rates. NOK weakened against EUR during 2014, which had a negative effect on the fair value of the embedded derivatives.
