The markets for publication paper products such as newsprint and magazine paper are highly cyclical and have historically experienced significant price volatility. Because publication paper is a commodity-like product, there are generally few distinguishing qualities from producer to producer. This has resulted in strong price competition for our products, with price determined by supply relative to demand. Levels of supply and demand may differ between products and geographic regions.
Demand for publication paper fluctuates and is affected by general economic conditions and increased use of the internet and other electronic media, each of which impact end-user demand for publication paper as described above. In light of the potential for further structural decline in demand resulting from, for example, ever greater usage of the internet to deliver media content, we may not be able to increase or even maintain current price levels for our products.
Like other paper companies, we have limited influence over the timing and extent of price changes for our products, which are influenced by many factors outside our control and can often be volatile. In addition, despite our cost control initiatives, fixed costs continue to comprise a significant proportion of our cost structure. Therefore, we have only very limited scope to further reduce our fixed costs in response to downward pressure on selling prices for our products. Any further significant downturn in the price levels for our products would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Prices for our raw materials are volatile and there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain our raw materials, in particular energy, wood and recovered paper, at prices that will enable us to sell our products profitably, or at all.
The main raw materials used by us in the production of our products are energy, wood and recovered paper, which accounted for 21%, 13% and 9%, respectively, of our total operating expenses for the year ended December 31,2013. Since 2011, our results of operations have been negatively affected by an increase in the costs (on the basis of costs per ton of publication paper) for each of these inputs.
Our global manufacturing operations utilize electricity, geothermal energy, natural gas and the burning of waste wood for which we generally rely on third-party suppliers. As a result, we are susceptible to price volatility, in particular in energy and recovered paper prices. In addition, we may from time to time be subject to unpredictable supplies of our raw materials, and no assurance can be given that we would be able to source alternative supplies of raw materials in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all. In the year ended December 31,2013, purchased electricity accounted for 53% of our energy expenses. Our
30
contracts with energy suppliers can vary as to price, quantity and duration. Our energy costs are also affected by various market factors, including supply and demand balance, fuel prices and local and national regulatory decisions.
While we have long-term contracts in place for a portion of our wood needs, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient supplies of wood, recovered paper or other raw materials for all of our production needs, or that prices will remain at levels that will enable us to sell our finished products profitably, or at all.
