7
250
-341
Norske Skog's portfolio of commodity contracts consist mainly of physical energy contracts. The commodity contracts classified as financial contracts are mainly related to energy contracts in Australia and New Zealand. Embedded derivatives are mainly related to energy contracts in Norway. Fair value of commodity contracts is sensitive to estimates of future energy prices. Fair value of embedded derivatives is sensitive to estimates of currency exchange rates and price indices.
The fair value of derivatives that are not traded in an active market (over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using various valuation techniques. Interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, forward rate agreements and foreign currency forward contracts are all valued by estimating the present value of future cash flows. Currency options are valued using recognised option pricing models. Quoted cash and swap rates are used as input for calculating zero coupon curves used for discounting. The exchange rates used are the quoted closing rates at 31 December.
The fair value of commodity contracts recognised in the balance sheet is calculated by using quotes from actively traded markets when available. Otherwise, price forecasts from acknowledged external sources are used. Commodity contracts that fail to meet the own-use exemption criteria in IAS 39 are recognised in the balance sheet and valued on the same principle as financial contracts. Some of these are long-term energy contracts. In calculating the fair value of embedded derivatives, valuation techniques are used in the absence of observable market inputs. Embedded currency options are calculated using a Black 76 valuation model, where some input assumptions have been made in absence of an active long-term option market.
Fair value includes the impact of credit risk and the adjustment for credit risk is dependent on whether the derivative is in the money (asset) or out of the money (liability). Credit value adjustment is applied to assets positions based on credit risk associated with the counter-party. Debit value adjustment is (from 2014) applied to liability positions, based on Norske Skog's own credit risk.
F-55
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
