31
Our business and results of operations are affected by many general economic factors, including the level of economic activity in the markets in which we operate. We are particularly vulnerable to economic conditions in Europe as our European segment operations represented 75.2% of our operating revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. Despite our higher EBITDA during the nine months ended September 30, 2014 (which included the opening of our first magazine paper operations at our Boyer mill in Australia) as compared to the same period in 2013, if economic conditions in the markets in which we operate worsen, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected in 2015 and beyond.
The markets for publication paper products are highly competitive, and some of our competitors have advantages that may adversely affect our ability to compete with them.
We compete against a large number of publication paper producers located around the world. Some of these companies benefit from vertical integration, product diversity, greater financial resources or economies of scale, or operate mills that are lower-cost producers of paper products than our mills, making them less vulnerable to adverse fluctuations in any one sector than we are. Furthermore, our competitors may be better positioned financially or operationally than we are to take advantage of consolidation opportunities which may arise, and there can be no assurances that a failure to take advantage of such opportunities on our behalf would not make us less competitive.
In order to remain competitive, we must also respond to changes in consumer preferences. For example, paper companies have historically responded to changes in consumer preferences by improving existing or developing new paper qualities, such as paper with increased recovered paper content, increased brightness or lower basis weight, and by increasing production of higher margin light-weight coated and super-calendared magazine paper. A failure to respond to such changes in consumer preferences could cause us to become less competitive.
Increased competition could result in a loss of market share, increased expenditures or reduced prices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, competitive market conditions may result in an inability to increase the selling prices of our products sufficiently or in time to offset the effects of increased costs without losing market share and aggressive pricing by competitors may force us to decrease prices in an attempt to maintain market share. In addition, our competitors may have a greater ability to reduce the price of their products, whether as a result of lower costs of production, greater economies of scale, greater financial resources or otherwise, which would further affect our ability to compete. Our business is concentrated in certain geographic regions and along product lines. Changes that would affect our key markets and/or products may have a disproportionate impact on our business relative to competitors that are more vertically-integrated and have greater geographic and product diversification.
An inability to remain competitive could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our manufacturing operations are subject to operational risks.
The production of paper involves a significant degree of uncertainty and risk, both in terms of operational performance and costs. The effect of this degree of uncertainty and risk on our operations can be difficult to predict and is often influenced by factors outside our control. Our operations are subject to hazards and risks normally associated with industrial activity and exploitation of natural resources, such as:
