and the sufficiency of our available defenses and responses;  the cost and availability of our raw materials, including energy, wood, recovered paper and
newsprint and magazine paper industries or to other industry trends;  publication paper industry consolidation;
 the effects of acquisitions, alliances and/or strategic partnerships;  inflation and fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Norwegian kroner and the currencies of
paper-exporting countries and the countries in which we operate or sell our products;  the effects of and compliance with environmental laws and regulations and the impact of any
environmental liabilities and expenditures;  changes in the political or economic conditions in the countries in which we operate or sell our
products;  future changes in environmental and health and safety laws and regulations and estimations as to
the materiality of any related costs;  weather conditions or catastrophic damage;  the occurrence of industrial accidents at our mills;  rising postal costs;  the availability of third party transportation providers;  the availability and cost of insurance;  labor disputes or work stoppages;
vi
 technological changes; and  the assumptions underlying any such forward-looking statements. The foregoing factors and others described under "Risk Factors'' should not be construed as exhaustive. Due to such uncertainties and risks, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of these listing particulars. We urge you to read the sections of these listing particulars entitled "Risk Factors'', "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'', "Industry and Market Overview'' and "Business'' for a more detailed discussion of the factors that could affect our future performance and the industry in which we operate. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in these listing particulars may not occur. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. We may face new risks from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such risks; nor can we assess the impact of all such risks on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The forward-looking statements are based on plans, estimates and projections as they are currently available to our management. We undertake no obligation, and do not expect, to publicly update or publicly revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in these listing particulars.
