A significant portion of paper is used in magazines, catalogs and other promotional mailings. Many of these materials are distributed through the mail. Future increases in the cost of postage could reduce the frequency of mailings, reduce the number of pages in magazine and advertising materials and/or cause catalogue and magazine publishers to use alternate methods to distribute their materials. Any of the foregoing could decrease the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition.
Our future success depends on our ability to continue to attract and retain appropriately skilled employees for the operation and development of our business. This challenge is particularly acute as we are operating in a mature and declining industry. Any failure to retain and attract key members of our senior management team or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Labor disputes may cause work stoppages, strikes and disruptions.
We continually evaluate the cost efficiency of our mills, and we may make selective closures of our less efficient mills as part of a reduction in our aggregate capacity serving regions where we anticipate limited future growth. We have in the past implemented, and may again in the future implement, changes and restructuring measures, including mill and machine shutdowns, divestitures (such as Norske Skog Korea and Norske Skog Steti in the Czech Republic) and workforce reductions in order to decrease production costs, improve efficiency at our production facilities, exploit synergies and cope with the demands of a changing market. Substantially all of our employees involved in production are members of labor unions, and these measures or other reasons could result in labor disputes, strikes or disruptions which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Post-retirement plan obligations may affect our financial condition.
We maintain defined benefit pension plans and other post-retirement benefit plans for certain retired employees. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our net pension obligations (net unfunded pension plans less net partly or fully funded pension plans) were NOK 692 million and NOK 618 million, respectively. Funding requirements for these plans are dependent on various factors, including interest rates, asset returns, regulatory requirements for funding purposes and changes to plan benefits. In 2014, we are required to contribute approximately NOK 32 million towards the underfunded liability of the defined benefit pension plans. Although we expect to continue to make contributions to fund post-retirement plan obligations and to meet legal funding obligations for the defined benefit pension plan, no assurance can be made that the underfunded liability under these plans will not be materially adverse to us in the future.
The availability and cost of insurance cover can vary considerably from year to year as a result of events beyond our control, and this can result in our paying higher premiums and periodically being unable to maintain the levels or types of insurance carried.
Although the insurance market has been stable for the last several years, it remains cyclical and catastrophic events can change the state of the insurance market, leading to sudden and unexpected increases in premiums and deductibles and unavailability of coverage due to reasons unrelated to our business. We have in the past experienced catastrophic events such as the fire at our Saugbrugs mill in February 2011, and if similar events were to occur in the future, such incidents could, along with other factors, cause our insurance premiums to increase or our insurance policies to be modified. For example, following the fire at our Saugbrugs mill in February 2011, our insurance policy was modified and we are now only covered for business interruptions lasting 11 days or more and up to 18 months. In addition, turmoil and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely affect the insurance market, which could result in some of the insurers in our insurance portfolio being unable to pay their share of claims. We are unable to assure you that actual losses will not exceed our insurance coverage or that such excess will not be material.
36
