(1) Long-term financial contracts and commodity contracts that no longer meet the requirement in IAS 39.5 related to own use are measured at fair value.
The net loss on divestments of business activities, property, plant and equipment in 2013 of NOK 178 million was primarily related to the divestments of Norske Skog Pisa Ltda. in Brazil and Norske Skog (Thailand) Co. Ltd. in Thailand.
On 14 June 2013, Norske Skog signed an agreement for the sale of 51% of its shares in Norske Skog Pisa Ltda. in Brazil. The transaction was completed on 27 June 2013. The total loss of NOK218 million on the divestment consisted of NOK 95 million relating to the divestment of 51% of the shares, and NOK 123 million relating to the remaining 49% stake which was recognised in the balance sheet as an associated company in line with the equity method of accounting at 31 December 2013. The loss on the remaining 49% stake consisted of the difference between the book value of the net assets derecognised and the fair value of the investment in associated company. See Note 19 Investments in associated companies for more information. The loss on the divested 51% stake included NOK 12 million relating to currency translation differences and net investment hedge that were recognised directly in equity during the ownership period and reclassified to Other gains and losses upon loss of control.
On 5 October 2013, Norske Skog signed an agreement for the sale of its shares in the company that owns and operates the mill at Singburi in Thailand, Norske Skog (Thailand) Co. Ltd. The transaction was completed on 21 November 2013. Norske Skog Singburi was deconsolidated from this date and a gain of NOK 49 million was recognised. This amount included a gain of NOK 35 million related to currency translation differences that were recognised directly in equity during the ownership period and reclassified to Other gains and losses upon divestment.
The net loss on divestments of business activities, property, plant and equipment also included a loss of NOK 26 million in relation to input VAT on transaction costs incurred upon the divestments of mills in South Korea and China in previous years. The Norwegian VAT authorities claim that this amount is not deductible. However, Norske Skog does not agree with this claim and expects to take out legal proceedings. Norske Skog has no outstanding payments to the VAT authorities in relation to this amount and has expensed the full amount in 2013, due to uncertainty regarding the outcome of this case. The remaining amount included in the net loss on divestments of business activities, property, plant and equipment included a gain of NOK 23 million on divestments of non production related property.
Norske Skog's portfolio of commodity contracts consists mainly of physical energy contracts. The fair value of commodity contracts is especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of embedded derivatives in physical contracts is influenced by currency and price index fluctuations. A sensitivity analysis of the impact on profit after tax of fluctuations in energy prices, currency and price indices is given in Note 8. The valuation techniques used are described in Note 9. The gain on commodity contracts in 2014 were due to negative change in Producer price index in New Zealand. In 2013 the losses were due to lower expected future energy prices.
Other realised gains and losses of NOK 13 million in 2014 were primarily related financial hedging of energy and sale of emission rights. Other realised gains and losses of n Ok -1 0 2 million in 2013 were primarily related to the termination of the long-term group agreement from 1998 that applied to the supply of energy in Southern Norway.
F-66
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
