NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Restructuring provision
The restructuring provision on NOK 17 million at 31 December 2014 is classified in the balance sheet line item Other current liabilities. The provision includes various restructuring activities included provision for severance payments and other costs at Norske Skog Bruck (NOK 5 million), Norske Skog Walsum (NOK 2 million) and Norske Skog Skogn (NOK 8 million).
The amount expensed in 2014 in relation to restructuring activities amounted to NOK 4 million. This relates mainly to the restructuring activities listed above. Total payments relating to restructuring activities in 2014 amounted to NOK 153 million. This relates mainly to the closure of PM4 at Norske Skog Walsum (NOK 127 million) and head office (NOK 12 million),
The restructuring provision at 31 December 2013 was NOK 166 million. NOK 138 million of this provision related to severance payments and other costs at Norske Skog Walsum, where it was decided during 2013 to permanently stop production at one paper machine (PM4). The machine ceased paper production in December 2013. Various other restructuring activities included provisions for severance payments and other costs of NOK 13 million as a result of the ongoing downsizing at head office and changes in corporate management, NOK 7 million at Norske Skog Bruck, and NOK 5 million at Norske Skog Boyer.
The amount expensed in 2013 in relation to restructuring activities amounted to NOK 145 million. This amount related mainly to the provisions listed above, offset by the recognition of NOK 10 million income due to the release of provisions expensed in 2012 at Norske Skog Tasman (NOK 6 million), Norske Skog Golbey (NOK 3 million) and Norske Skog Skogn (NOK 1 million). Total cash flow relating to restructuring activities in 2013 amounted to NOK 122 million, and related mainly to Norske Skog Tasman (NOK 77 million), Norske Skog Walsum (NOK 20 million) and head office (NOK 13 million).
Dismantling provision
Provisions related to future dismantling costs arising from a future closing down of production facilities amounted to NOK 65 million at 31 December 2014, compared to NOK 56 million at 31 December 2013. The total amount is classified as non-current and will only be realised at the time of a future shut down of any of the Norske Skog production units. The provision is the net present value of the future estimated costs, calculated using a long-term risk-free interest rate. The periodic unwinding of the discount is recognised in the income statement line Financial items. The opposite entry for dismantling provision and change in provision estimates is Property, plant and equipment.
Discount rates and assumptions included as part of the best estimate will impact the future carrying value of the dismantling provision. To illustrate the sensitivity, a reduction in the future discount rate of one percentage point would increase the provision by approximately NOK 9 million, with a corresponding increase in future depreciation on property, plant and equipment.
