44
Holders of Existing Notes (other than the 2033 Notes) that are exchanged for Exchange Notes will be subject to increased risk that we will be unable to repay (or refinance) the Exchange Notes when they mature.
Eligible Holders of Existing Notes (other than the 2033 Notes) are being offered Exchange Notes with a later maturity than the Existing Notes they presently hold, which mature in 2015, 2016 and 2017. Eligible Holders who tender their Existing Notes and whose tender is accepted for exchange will be exposed to the risk of nonpayment on the Exchange Notes they hold for a longer period of time than non-tendering Holders. For instance, following the maturity date of a given series of Existing Notes, but prior to the maturity date of the Exchange Notes, we may become subject to an insolvency or similar proceeding. If so, Holders of that series of Existing Notes who opted not to participate in the Exchange Offers may have been paid in full, and there is a risk that the Holders of Existing Notes who did opt to participate in the Exchange Offers and whose Existing Notes were accepted for exchange with the Exchange Notes would not be paid in full.
If not all Eligible Holders exchange their Existing Notes for Exchange Notes in the Exchange Offers, we will have ongoing obligations related to such remaining Existing Notes, which (other than the 2033 Notes) will mature prior to the Exchange Notes.
The Existing Notes Indenture and Agency Agreements require us, among other things, to make interest payments in cash on the Existing Notes on a semi-annual basis. We will be required to continue to make such payments until all of the Existing Notes that are not tendered mature, are repaid in full or are otherwise repurchased or retired. There is not a minimum tender amount condition for any of the Existing Notes in the Exchange Offers, so a substantial amount of Existing Notes may remain outstanding following the consummation of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. In addition, the Exchange Notes will mature after the Senior Secured Notes (which mature in 2019) and certain of our other indebtedness. We will be required to repay Holders of the Existing Notes (other than the 2033 Notes) before the principal under the Exchange Notes is required to be repaid and we may not have the ability to borrow or otherwise raise the funds necessary to repay such amounts when due. Additionally, after such repayments we may not have sufficient cash to repay amounts owed under the Exchange Notes at maturity and may not have the ability to borrow or otherwise raise the funds necessary to repay such amounts.
Any Existing Notes that are not tendered in the Exchange Offers may be acquired, redeemed or repaid on terms that may be viewed as more, or less, favorable than the terms of the Exchange Notes offered in the Exchange Offers.
We (or other parties acting on our behalf) may acquire, redeem or repay Existing Notes that are not tendered in the Exchange Offers through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, other tender or exchange offers, redemptions, repayment at maturity or such other means as we deem appropriate. Any such transactions will occur upon the terms and at the prices as we may determine in our sole discretion, which may be more or less favorable than the terms of the Exchange Offers, and could be for cash or other consideration. We may choose to pursue any or none of these alternatives, or combinations thereof, in the future.
The value of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes.
No appraisal of the value of the Collateral has been made in connection with this Offering, and the fair market value of the Collateral may be subject to fluctuations based on factors that include, among others, general economic conditions, industry conditions and similar factors. The amount to be received upon a sale of the Collateral would be dependent on numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the actual fair market value of the Collateral at such time, the timing and the manner of the sale and the availability of buyers. By its nature, some of the assets that comprise the Collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. In the event of a foreclosure, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, the Collateral may not be sold in a timely or orderly manner, and the proceeds from any sale or liquidation of the Collateral may not be sufficient to repay the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes.
