The interim financial statements were authorised for issue by the board of directors in Norske Skogindustrier ASA on 22 October 2014.
The interim financial statements of Norske Skog have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 In te rim F in a n c ia l R e p o rtin g . The interim financial statements do not include all information required for full annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for 2013. The interim financial statements are unaudited.
The accounting policies applied in the preparation of the interim financial statements are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013, except for the adaptation of amended standards and new interpretations, which are mandatory from 1 January 2014. These changes are described in the annual financial statements for 2013.
The group has not early adopted any standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet mandatory.
3. ESTIMATES, JUDGEMENTS AND ASSUMPTIONS
Preparation of interim financial statements in accordance with IFRS implies use of estimates, which are based on judgements and assumptions that affect the application of accounting principles and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Actual amounts might differ from such estimates.
E s tim a te d d e c lin e in va lue o f in ta n g ib le a ssets a n d p ro p e rty, p la n t a n d e q u ip m e n t
Intangible assets which have an indefinite useful life and goodwill are not subject to amortisation, but are tested annually for impairment. Property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets that are subject to amortisation are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from a cash-generating unit. Norske Skog applies a weighted average cost of capital (WACC) model for calculating the present value of future cash flows. Calculation of value in use requires use of estimates.
There was no indication that further impairments or reversals of previous impairments should be made at 30 September 2014.
