The value of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes.
45
To the extent that other first-priority Security Interests, pre-existing liens, liens permitted under the Indenture and the indentures governing the Existing Notes or the Exchange Notes and other rights encumber any of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes, the holders of those liens and rights may have or may exercise rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral that could adversely affect the value of the Collateral and the ability of the Security Agent to realize or foreclose on the Collateral.
The Collateral does not include certain of our assets, including the property and assets of our paper mills in Austria, France, Germany or Norway, or the bank accounts of the Parent and our European operating subsidiaries. We presently have factoring and securitization programs in Europe and Australia, and the receivables and related proceeds under the European program will not secure the Senior Secured Notes. To the extent that the Senior Secured Notes are secured by receivables which are already secured pursuant to the Australian factoring arrangements, the Noteholders' security will be secondranking. In addition, the General Security Deed (as defined below) granting fixed and floating security over the assets of the Australian Guarantors does not include certain assets of the Australian Guarantors, including 29 tracts of land and standing timber on 333 tracts of land owned by Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited and pledged in favor of the State of Tasmania to secure the payment obligations of Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited under the terms of a loan agreement executed by Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited and the government of the State of Tasmania.
Certain of the Collateral will be second-ranking and subordinated in right of payment to existing security.
Certain of the Collateral is comprised of assets already pledged to secure other obligations of our Australian Guarantors under existing trade, financing and/or leasing agreements. Under the terms of an amendment in 2012 to our supply and recovered paper agreement with News Limited (the ``News Agreement''), a significant amount was payable by News Limited to Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited. Payments of these sums are required to be applied by Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited to Australian manufacturing cost reduction initiatives during the first three years of the agreement. Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited granted a first-ranking mortgage in favor of News Limited in respect of these amounts over real property consisting of the majority of real property at our Albury mill site (but which real property does not include the Albury mill itself) (the ``Albury Real Property''). Two mortgages have been granted to secure Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited's obligations under the News Agreement, both of which have been registered. The amount secured under the News Agreement will reduce in accordance with an amortization schedule set out in the agreement and is currently expected to reduce to nil in July 2015, whereupon the security granted in favor of the Security Agent over the Albury Real Property will become a first-ranking pledge of security (by way of the registration of a property mortgage) in favor of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness" .
Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited granted two mortgages with respect to 310 tracts of land comprised of certain of the properties upon which are located the standing timber included in the Excluded Assets (the ``Boyer Real Property'' and together with the Albury Real Property, the ``Second Lien Property'') to secure its obligations under 15-year woodchipping services agreement with Bis Industries Limited executed in 2009 (the ``Bis Agreement''). The mortgages with respect to the Boyer Real Property are registered with the Tasmanian Land Titles Office and state that they will be released once the obligations of Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited under the Bis Agreement terminate and all moneys owed to Bis Industries Limited have been paid in full. Until such time as the relevant Australian Guarantors' obligations under the News Agreement and the Bis Agreement are paid in full or terminated, as the case may be, the security interests in the Second Lien Property securing the obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture will rank behind and be expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Security Interests in the Second Lien Property granted in favor of News Limited and Bis Industries Limited. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness" .
The Collateral will include a Security Interest in all intercompany loans and receivables (excluding receivables relating to the Parent Guarantor's cash pooling arrangements) owed to the Parent Guarantors and any Excluded Entity as lenders or obligees, by the Issuer or any of the restricted subsidiaries of the Issuer. The Intercreditor Agreement will also provide that the obligations under these loans shall be released in the event of an enforcement against the Collateral. However, the release of these intercompany loans may be limited by challenges or other claims on the grounds that such intercompany loans should be limited, subordinated or voided in favor of third-party creditors of the lenders of such loans under applicable law. For example, the intercompany loans could be challenged
46
