50 8 797
5. DIVESTMENT OF OPERATIONS
In January 2014, the terms of sale for Norske Skog's remaining 49% stake in Norske Skog Pisa Ltda. in Brazil were renegotiated, with an accelerated timeline and a sales price of USD 37 million. The transaction was completed on 17 January. Following this, Norske Skog has no remaining interests in South America, and the investment in associated company in Pisa (NOK 223 million at the end of 2013) has been derecognised from the balance sheet. The value at the end of 2013 reflected the agreed sales price, so the transaction did not result in any additional income statement impact in 2014. The sales proceeds from the transaction was received during the second quarter of 2014.
Norske Skog's share in the sales offices Norske Skog Czech & Slovak Republic spol.s r.o (Czech Republic) and Norske Skog Polska Sp.z o.o. (Poland) were sold in June 2014.
F-85
NORSKE SKOG
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
6. OPERATING SEGMENTS
The composition of Norske Skog's operating segments was changed with effect from 1 January 2014. The activities of the Norske Skog group are now focused on two business systems, namely Europe and Australasia. The segment structure is in line with how the group is managed internally. Norske Skog's chief operating decision maker is corporate management, who distribute resources and assess performance of the group's operating segments. According to the operating model, all mills have a direct reporting line to corporate management. The mills have been aggregated into two operating segments, publication paper Europe and publication paper Australasia, based on geographical location. Norske Skog has an integrated strategy in Europe and Australasia to maximize the profit in each region. The optimisation is carried out through coordinated sales- and operational planning. The regional planning, in combination with structured sales and operational processes, ensures maximisation of profit.
