· with respect to Collateral held by a Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its Guarantee; and
The Indenture will also permit the Parent to designate one or more restricted subsidiaries that are Guarantors as unrestricted subsidiaries. If the Parent designates a Guarantor as an unrestricted subsidiary for purposes of the Indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes, all the liens on the Collateral owned by such subsidiary and any Guarantees of the Senior Secured Notes by such subsidiary will be released under the Indenture. Designation of an unrestricted subsidiary will reduce the aggregate value of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes to the extent that liens on the assets of the unrestricted subsidiary will be released. Under the Indenture, the Collateral will also be released in the event that the Senior Secured Notes achieve investment grade status until such time as the Senior Secured Notes cease to have investment grade status. The Collateral may also be released with the consent of holders of at least 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes then outstanding.
It may be difficult to realize the value of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes.
The Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes will be subject to any and all exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections permitted under the Indenture and/or the Intercreditor Agreement and accepted by other creditors that have the benefit of super senior, first-priority or secondpriority Security Interests in the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes from time to time, whether on or after the date the Senior Secured Notes are first issued. The existence of any such exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections could adversely affect the value of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the ability of the Security Agent to realize or foreclose on such Collateral. Furthermore, the first-priority ranking of Security Interests can be affected by a variety of factors, including, among others, the timely satisfaction of perfection requirements, statutory liens or re-characterization under the laws of certain jurisdictions. In addition, the Security Interests securing the Senior Secured Notes over certain Collateral in or under the laws of Australia and New Zealand will (in respect of land already pledged to News Limited and Bis Industries Limited held by Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited, in respect of certain of Norske Skog (Australasia) Limited's receivables secured pursuant to factoring arrangements with Bibby Financial Services and in respect of land held by Norske Skog Tasman Ltd that will be unperfected only until the removal of the caveat to grant a lease to Mighty River Power Limited, upon which the Security Interest will be promptly perfected) be junior or unperfected Security Interests and holders of the Senior Secured Notes will have to rely on the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement for the treatment of such junior Security Interests as Security Interests ranking p a r i p a s s u with other first-ranking Security Interests securing other indebtedness of the Parent, the Issuer and the restricted subsidiaries.
The Security Interests of the Security Agent will be subject to practical problems generally associated with the realization of security interests in collateral. For example, the Security Agent may need to obtain the consent of a third party to enforce a security interest. We cannot assure you that the Security Agent will be able to obtain any such consents. We also cannot assure you that the consents of any third parties will be given when required to facilitate a foreclosure on such assets. Accordingly, the Security
48
Agent may not have the ability to foreclose upon those assets and the value of the Collateral may significantly decrease.
The enforcement of share pledges may not be successful if the entities in which the shares are pledged are subject to existing agreements limiting their ability to make dividends to new shareholders (such as profit and loss pooling agreements) or limiting the control over such entity (such as domination agreements). The laws of certain jurisdictions do not generally permit an appropriation of pledged assets by the pledgee upon the occurrence of an enforcement event and usually require the sale of the relevant collateral through a formal disposal process involving a public auction. Certain waiting periods and notice requirements may apply to such disposal process.
In addition, our business requires a variety of national, state and local permits and licenses. The continued operation of properties that comprise part of the Collateral and which depend on the maintenance of such permits and licenses may be prohibited. Our business is subject to regulations and permitting requirements and may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with existing regulations or requirements or changes in applicable regulations or requirements. In the event of foreclosure, the transfer of such permits and licenses may be prohibited or may require us to incur significant cost and expense. Further, we cannot assure you that the applicable governmental authorities will consent to the transfer of all such permits. If the regulatory approvals required for such transfers are not obtained or are delayed, the foreclosure may be delayed, a temporary shutdown of operations may result and the value of the Collateral may be significantly decreased.
