Property, plant and equipment Land and buildings comprise mainly mills, machinery and office premises. All property, plant and equipment (PPE) is shown at historical cost less subsequent depreciation and impairments. Historical cost includes expenditure directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. The residual value of production equipment is defined as the realisable value after deduction of the estimated cost of dismantling and removal of the asset. If the estimated cost exceeds the estimated value, the net liability is added to the cost of the related asset, and a provision is recognised as a liability in the balance sheet. Borrowing costs which are directly related to qualifying assets are recognised as part of the acquisition cost for the qualifying asset. Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repair and maintenance costs are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they are incurred. Land is not depreciated. Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts to their residual values over their estimated useful lives. The residual value and useful life of assets are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at each balance sheet date. An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount, and included in the income statement line Other gains and losses.
Intangible assets a) Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the group's share of the net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose.
F-103
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
b) Patents and licenses
Patents and licenses have a finite useful life and are recognised at historical cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of patents and licences over their estimated useful lives.
c) Computer software
Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire the specific software and bring it into use, and amortised over their estimated useful lives. Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognised as an expense as they are incurred. Costs which are directly associated with the development of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the group, and which are likely to generate economic benefits exceeding the costs beyond one year, are recognised as intangible assets. Direct costs include the costs of software development personnel and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads. Computer software development costs recognised as assets are amortised over their estimated useful lives.
