NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
b) Share-based remuneration Up to and including 2012, the group had a long-term incentive plan where the allocation of synthetic options to members of corporate managem ent was based on the development of the com pany's share price in relation to a defined group of listed paper producers. The programme resulted in a cash payout if the options were exercised. The fair value of the liability was measured at each balance sheet date and on the settlement date. The plan was discontinued from 2013. See also Note 12.
c) Bonus arrangements The group accrues for bonus arrangements when there exists a contractual obligation, or past practice has created a constructive obligation.
Provisions Provisions for environmental restoration, dismantling costs, restructuring activities and legal claims are recognised when the group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, an outflow of resources is more likely than not to be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise mainly employee termination payments. Restructuring costs are costs which are not related to the ongoing operations. This includes for example severance (redundancy) payments, early retirement or other arrangements for employees leaving the company, external costs relating to coaching, counselling and assistance finding new jobs, or external costs to lawyers and legal advisors in relation to the de-manning process, and lease termination penalties. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses. Salary which is earned while the employee contributes to the ongoing operations is not classified as restructuring costs. This includes for example salary in the notice period when the employee is working during the notice period, or bonuses earned whilst the employee contributes to the normal operations. These are booked as normal employee benefit expenses. Costs for projects related to improvements are generally ordinary operating costs. W here a number of similar obligations exist, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small. Provisions are measured at the present value of the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised within Financial items.
F-108
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Revenue recognition Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of the group's activities. Revenue is shown net of value added tax, returns, rebates and discounts and after eliminating sales within the group. The group's revenue consists almost exclusively of the sale of goods, and the principle for recognition of revenue is the same for newsprint and magazine paper. Revenue is recognised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have been transferred to the buyer. This will depend upon the buyer's delivery terms and will be in the range from the finalisation of the production to delivery of the goods to the buyer. The group's terms of delivery are based on Incoterms 2010, which are the official rules for the interpretation of trade terms issued by the International Cham ber of Commerce. The timing of revenue recognition is largely dependent on these delivery terms. The group's sales are covered by the following main categories of terms: · ``D'' terms, where the group delivers the goods to the purchaser at the agreed destination, usually
the purchaser's premises. The point of sale is when the goods are delivered to the purchaser. If the customer is invoiced before delivery of the goods purchased, revenue is only recognised if the customer has taken over a significant part of the gain and loss potential related to those goods, · ``C '' terms, where the group arranges and pays for the external transport of the goods, but the group no longer bears any responsibility for the goods once they have been handed over to the transporter in accordance with the terms of the contract. The point of sale is when the goods are handed over to the transporter contracted by the seller, · ``F'' terms, where the purchaser arranges and pays for the transport. The point of sale is when the goods are handed over to the transporter contracted by the purchaser.
Dividend income Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
