the purchaser's premises. The point of sale is when the goods are delivered to the purchaser. If the customer is invoiced before delivery of the goods purchased, revenue is only recognised if the customer has taken over a significant part of the gain and loss potential related to those goods, · ``C '' terms, where the group arranges and pays for the external transport of the goods, but the group no longer bears any responsibility for the goods once they have been handed over to the transporter in accordance with the terms of the contract. The point of sale is when the goods are handed over to the transporter contracted by the seller, · ``F'' terms, where the purchaser arranges and pays for the transport. The point of sale is when the goods are handed over to the transporter contracted by the purchaser.
Interest income Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. This is the interest rate that gives a net present value of the cash flow from the loan that is equal to its carrying value.
Leases Leases in which the lessor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases are charged to the income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease. Leases relating to property and equipment where the group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases. Finance leases are recognised in the balance sheet to the lower of the fair value of the lease property and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Lease payments are apportioned between finance charge and reduction of the outstanding liability, giving a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. The leased property is depreciated according to the same principles applied for other non-current assets. The corresponding rental obligation, net of finance charges, is included in other long-term payables. If the leasing period is shorter than the economic life of the asset and it is unlikely that the group will purchase the asset at the end of the leasing period, the asset is depreciated over the leasing period.
F-109
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Government grants Government grants (except for emission rights, described below) are recognised as income over the period necessary to match the grants on a systematic basis to the costs that they are intended to compensate for. Government grants in the form of compensation for losses which have already been incurred, or in the form of direct financial support which is not directly related to future costs, are recognised as income in the same period as they are awarded. Government grants related to assets are presented in the balance sheet as deferred income or as a reduction of the cost price of the assets the grant relates to. The grant is then recognised in the income statement either through future periodic income recognition or as a future reduction in the depreciation charge.
Emission Rights There is no accounting standard or interpretation in IFRS regarding the accounting treatment for emission allowances or renewable energy certificates. Received allowances are recognised in the balance sheet as intangible assets at the market value on the date the rights are granted. The difference between fair value and the nominal amount paid for the rights is recognised in the balance as a government grant (deferred income). Emissions are recognised in the income statement as Cost of materials, and the government grant (deferred revenue) is recognised concurrently with emission costs. Unused credits (deferred income) and used allowances are netted against the carrying amount of intangible asset recognised in the balance sheet, when the individual contracts for emission allowances fall due for settlement. If the received allowances are sufficient to cover the com pany's emissions, there will be no net cost or net income in gross operating earnings. If it is necessary to acquire additional allowances on the open market, a provision is made based on actual emissions. If the number of allowances received exceeds actual consumption, the surplus is sold in the market. The gain/loss from the sale is presented as Other gains and losses.
New and amended interpretations and standards adopted by the group The following standards are mandatory for the first time for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2013:
IAS 1 Financial statement presentation (amendment) The main change resulting from the am endm ent is that items in the statement of other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to profit or loss at a future point in time are now presented separately from items that will never be reclassified. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2013, and presentation in the statement of other comprehensive income has been updated in line with the amendment.
