categories: those measured at fair value and those measured at amortised cost. The determination is m ade at initial recognition, and depends on the entity's business model for managing its financial instruments and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. For financial liabilities, the standard retains most of the IAS 39 requirements. The standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU. The group has not fully assessed the impact of the adoption of IFRS 9.
The rules for consolidated financial statements are replaced by the new IFRS 10 and IFRS 12. What remains of IAS 27 is limited to accounting for subsidiaries, jointly controlled entities and associates in separate financial statements. The changes are mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. The changes are not expected to have a significant impact on the separate financial statements.
IAS 28 Investments in associates and joint ventures (revised)
As a consequence of the new IFRS 11 and IFRS 12, IAS 28 has been renamed, and the standard now describes the application of the equity method to investments in joint ventures in addition to associates. The change is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. It is not expected that the change will have a significant impact on the financial statements.
IAS 32-- Financial instruments: presentation (amendment)
The amendments clarify some of the requirements for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities in the balance sheet. The changes are effective for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2014 or later. It is not expected that the changes will have a significant impact on the financial statements.
Important accounting estimates and assumptions
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of accounting estimates and assumptions for the future. It also requires managem ent to exercise its judgem ent in the process of applying the group's accounting policies. Estimates and assumptions which represent a substantial risk for significant changes in the capitalised value of assets and liabilities during the coming fiscal year are discussed below.
a) Estimated decline in value of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (PPE)
