The Consolidated Financial Statements included in these listing particulars have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (``IFRS'') as adopted by the European Union and are presented in Norwegian kroner. The Parent is the holding company of the Group and will provide a senior Guarantee of the Notes. The Parent's shares are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ``NSG''. Under the reporting covenant for the Notes, the Parent will be the reporting entity for the Group. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Certain Covenants-- Reports" .
Our unaudited consolidated statement of income data for the twelve months ended September 30, 2014 has been derived by adding our historical consolidated statement of income data for the financial year ended December 31, 2013 and the nine months ended September 30, 2014 and subtracting our historical consolidated statement of income data for the nine months ended September 30, 2013.
IFRS differs in certain respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (``U.S. GAAP''). The Parent has not prepared and does not currently intend to prepare its Consolidated Financial Statements in, or reconcile them to, U.S. GAAP Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between U.S. GAAP and IFRS.
The financial information included in these listing particulars is not intended to comply with the reporting requirements of the SEC and will not be subject to review by the SEC.
Pro Forma Financial Information
We present in these listing particulars certain unaudited consolidated pro forma financial information as at and for the twelve months ended September 30, 2014 on an as adjusted basis to give effect to the Transactions, including the issuance of the Notes and the assumed application of the net proceeds in the Proposed Exchange Offers. For a description of certain of the assumptions made with respect to the application of the net proceeds of the Offering in the Proposed Exchange Offers, see ``Summary-- The Transactions-- The Proposed Exchange Offers'' and ``Use of Proceeds" . The unaudited pro forma financial information set forth in these listing particulars is based on available information and certain assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable and may differ from the actual adjusted amounts.
xi
Our unaudited pro forma financial data presented herein has been prepared for informational purposes only, and does not purport to represent what our actual financial position or consolidated interest expense would have been had the Transactions occurred on (i) September 30, 2014, for the purposes of the calculation of pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities and pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities and (ii) October 1,2013, for the purposes of the calculation of pro forma net finance costs, nor does it purport to represent our consolidated interest expense or actual financial position at any future date. Our historical results may not be indicative of our future results following the consummation of the Transactions. The unaudited pro forma financial data presented in these listing particulars has not been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act or any generally accepted accounting standards.
Rounding
