cash-generating units, which could in turn mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
The estimation of recoverable amount is based on assumptions regarding the future development of several factors. These include price development for finished goods, sales volumes, currency rates and interest rates. This means that there will be uncertainty when it comes to the outcome of the calculations. Norske Skog performs sensitivity analyses using the variables mentioned above to predict how fluctuations will impact recoverable amount. In relation to the assumptions made in the calculation of the present value of future cash flows, recoverable amount is most sensitive to changes in prices of finished goods, sales volumes and the discount rate used. Changes in these factors will have the effect of altering the value of cash flows and thereby also the value in use within the cash-generating units. Significant changes in prognoses and long-term prices could accordingly mean a future fall in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
The required rate of return applied when discounting future cash flows is crucial for the calculated value of intangible assets and PPE. A future increase in the required rate of return when discounting future cash flows will reduce value in use and could in turn mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
b) Annual assessment of the remaining economic life of PPE
The group conducts annual reviews of the remaining economic life of PPE. An increase or decrease in the remaining economic life will have an impact on future depreciation, as well as affect the cash flow horizon for calculating value in use. Economic life is estimated by considering the expected usage, physical wear and tear, as well as technical and commercial development. Assessment of future developments in demand in the markets Norske Skog's products are sold is central to the assessment of the economic life of the group's mills. Expected future dem and, together with the competitiveness of Norske Skog's mills, is crucial for the determination of economic life. In addition, legal or other restrictions relating to usage could affect the economic life of the mills in the group.
c) Provision for future environmental obligations
The group's provision for future environmental obligations is based on a number of assumptions made using m anagem ent's best judgment. Changes in any of these assumptions could have an impact on the group's provision and group costs. See Note 20 for further information.
d) Residual value and dismantling provision
The residual value of the group's production equipment is valued as the anticipated realisable value on the balance sheet date, after deducting the estimated costs relating to asset dismantling, removal and restoration. If the estimated costs exceed the estimated residual values, the net liability is added to the fixed asset cost in the balance sheet and a provision is recognised as a liability. The group performs a review of the residual value of its production equipment at the end of each accounting year. Residual value is affected by short-term changes in the underlying assumptions, for example scrap metal prices. A change in the residual value could have an impact on future depreciation costs. The provision for dismantling costs is based on a number of assumptions made using m anagem ent's best judgment. See Note 20 for further information.
