d) Residual value and dismantling provision
F-113
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) e) Fair value of derivatives and other financial instruments The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques. The group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date. See Note 9 for more information.
f) Pensions The present value of the pension obligation depends on several input factors that are determined by means of a number of actuarial assumptions. The assumptions used in calculating the net pension expense (income) include the discount rate, salary adjustment and pension increase. Changes in these assumptions will affect the carrying value of the pension obligation.
3. OPERATING SEGMENTS Reportable segments The group is divided into two operating segments: newsprint and magazine paper. The segment selection is based on the products manufactured and on the organisational structure used in the group's internal performance measurement and resource allocation. The newsprint segment is further divided into two geographical regions, newsprint Europe and newsprint outside Europe. At the end of 2013, Norske Skog had ten fully or partly owned paper mills in eight countries. Two of the mills produce only magazine paper, one produces both magazine paper and newsprint and seven produce newsprint only. Both the newsprint and the magazine paper segment represent an aggregation of the paper machines in the group producing the two paper qualities.
Newsprint The newsprint segment encompasses production and sale of standard newsprint and other paper qualities used in newspapers, inserts, catalogs, etc. These paper qualities, measured in grammes per square meter, will normally be in the range 40-57 g/m 2.
Magazine paper The magazine paper segment encompasses production and sale of the paper qualities super calendered (SC), machine finished coated (MFC) and light weight coated (LWC). These paper qualities are used in magazines, periodicals, catalogs and brochures.
Other activities Activities in the group that do not fall into the operating segments newsprint or magazine paper are presented under other activities. This includes purchase and resale of energy to the group's mills, corporate functions, real estate activities and the purchase and resale of wood. Following the divestment of the global recovered paper business Reparco in 2012, the group no longer has operating revenue or gross operating earnings related to recovered paper. Amounts relating to recovered paper in 2012 are included within other activities.
