Cash flow is calculated individually for each business unit, based on the estimated useful life. The paper industry is a capital intensive industry where investment decisions are made based on projects with a long time horizon. The production machines have a long technical life, while useful lives are linked to industry cost curves and the size of the market. The estimated remaining useful life of the individual paper machines forms the basis for determining the length of the cash flow period. For both sales prices and input prices, a continued decline in real terms is expected, as historically observed. Sales volumes develop in accordance with the useful lives of the different paper machines in the group. Projections of these assumptions result in a gradual improvement in margins, from depressed levels at the current point in the business cycle to a normalisation with economic activity. The impairment testing at 31 Decem ber 2013 was based on the operating plan for the group for 2014 as approved by the board of directors.
Sensitivity to estimates of recoverable amount
The estimation of recoverable amount is based on assumptions regarding the future development of several factors. These include price development for finished goods, sales volumes, currency rates and interest rates. This means that there will be uncertainty when it comes to the outcome of these calculations. Norske Skog has performed sensitivity analyses using the variables mentioned above to predict how fluctuations will impact recoverable amount. In relation to the assumptions made in the
F-119
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
4. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
calculation of the present value of future cash flows, recoverable amount is most sensitive to changes in prices of finished goods, sales volumes and the discount rate used. A reduction in sales price and sales volumes for the whole group in the cash flow period of 5% will cause a reduction in recoverable amount in the order of NOK 3 200 million and NOK 1 500 million respectively. Correspondingly, a 1% increase in the discount rate will cause a reduction in the recoverable amount of NOK 1 000 million. An appreciation of NOK of 1% against all other functional currencies in the Norske Skog group will cause a reduction in the recoverable amount of NOK 400 million.
Property, plant and equipment allocated to cash-generating units
The table below shows machinery and equipment and land and buildings allocated to Norske Skog's cash-generating units.
