Our unaudited pro forma financial data presented herein has been prepared for informational purposes only, and does not purport to represent what our actual financial position or consolidated interest expense would have been had the Transactions occurred on (i) September 30, 2014, for the purposes of the calculation of pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities and pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities and (ii) October 1,2013, for the purposes of the calculation of pro forma net finance costs, nor does it purport to represent our consolidated interest expense or actual financial position at any future date. Our historical results may not be indicative of our future results following the consummation of the Transactions. The unaudited pro forma financial data presented in these listing particulars has not been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act or any generally accepted accounting standards.
Certain amounts that appear in these listing particulars, including financial data and operating data, have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them and amounts expressed as percentages may not total 100% when aggregated.
Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures
In the income statement of our Consolidated Financial Statements, we present gross operating earnings for the Group, and in our segment reporting, we assess the performance of our operating segments based on a measure of gross operating earnings. Gross operating earnings excludes the effects of expenditure not deemed to be part of regular operating activities. Gross operating earnings represents operating earnings before depreciation, restructuring expenses, other gains and losses (such as gains and losses from sales of non-current assets and changes in the fair value of certain energy contracts and biological assets) and impairments. In the section of these listing particulars titled ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" , we discuss the operating performance of the Group and our operating segments based on gross operating earnings, which measure is presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements. In certain other sections of these listing particulars, including ``Summary" and ``Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data" , we use the term ``EBITDA'', as defined below, in lieu of the term gross operating earnings due to the familiarity of the term EBITDA to prospective investors in the Notes. In these listing particulars, EBITDA is defined on the same basis as gross operating earnings. For a reconciliation of EBITDA to profit/loss, see ``Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data" .
These listing particulars present non-IFRS measures and ratios, including EBITDA, capital expenditures, cash conversion, net secured interest-bearing liabilities, net interest-bearing debt, pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma finance costs and the related leverage and coverage ratios calculated using such non-IFRS measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We present non-IFRS measures because we believe that they and similar measures are widely used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The non-IFRS measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our operating results as reported under IFRS. Non-IFRS measures and ratios such as EBITDA, capital expenditures, cash conversion, net interest-bearing debt, net secured interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma financial costs and the related leverage and coverage ratios are not measurements of our performance or liquidity under IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles. Other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently and, consequently, our presentation may not be readily comparable to other companies' figures. In particular, you should not consider EBITDA or cash conversion as an alternative to (a) operating earnings or profit/loss for the period (as determined in accordance with IFRS) as a measure of our operating performance, (b) cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities as a measure of our ability to meet our cash needs or (c) any other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting principles. EBITDA, capital expenditures, cash conversion, net secured interest-bearing liabilities, net interest-bearing debt, pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma finance costs, and the related leverage and coverage ratios have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS.
xii
Constant Perimeter Financial Information
We present in these listing particulars certain financial information that our management has prepared on a ``constant perimeter'' basis, which includes only the historical operating results of our eight currently operational mills, Bruck, Golbey, Skogn, Albury, Boyer, Tasman, Walsum and Saugbrugs (the ``Constant Perimeter Financial Information'') that has neither been audited nor reviewed by our independent auditors. See ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Factors Affecting Comparability-Significant disposals or reductions in capacity" .
The purpose of presenting such Constant Perimeter Financial Information is for informational purposes only and solely to assist prospective investors in assessing the comparability of our financial results during the periods under review. The Constant Perimeter Financial Information has been prepared by our management based on a compilation of financial data from our Consolidated Financial Statements and our management accounts. Due to the nature of such Constant Perimeter Financial Information, our management has made certain adjustments, assumptions and estimates in the preparation of such information. The Constant Perimeter Financial Information does not reflect results from our operations recorded as Other Activities in our Consolidated Financial Statements, which would require significant further adjustments and assumptions due to the difficulties in allocating revenues and costs to appropriate assets given the changes to the Group's structure. The Constant Perimeter Financial Information does not purport to represent pro forma financial information and has not been prepared in accordance with the procedures of IFRS, any other generally accepted accounting procedures or the requirements of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act and has not been audited or reviewed under any generally accepted auditing standards. The Constant Perimeter Financial Information is not intended to represent or to be indicative of the consolidated results of operations that we would have reported had the disposals of our Pisa, Singburi, Bio Bio, Follum, Parenco and Reparco operations occurred on January 1, 2011.
