NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
group's liabilities, and which are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss, are taken into consideration in the sensitivity analysis. · Currency derivatives will only affect the sensitivity analysis to a very limited extent upon changes in the discount rate. · Results are presented net of tax, using the Norwegian statutory tax rate of 28%. The interest rate sensitivity analysis is based on a parallel shift in the yield curve for each relevant currency to which Norske Skog is exposed. Following a 50 basis point downward/upward parallel shift in the yield curve in all interest rate markets to which Norske Skog is exposed, net earnings would have been NOK 2 million higher/lower at 31 Decem ber 2013 (NOK 3 million lower/higher at 31 Decem ber 2012). Change in net interest payments accounts for n Ok 1 million, and the total change in market values of derivatives carried at fair value through profit or loss accounts for NOK 1 million. Floating rate debt has decreased in 2013 due to repayments.
b) Currency risk
Transaction r is k - c a s h flo w h e d g e The group has revenues and expenses in various currencies. The major currencies are NOK, EUR, USD, GBR AUD and NZD. Transaction risk arises because the group has a different currency split on income and expenses. Norske Skog calculates a 12-month future cash flow exposure in each currency on a rolling basis. The result of the hedging is included in Financial items in the income statement. Norske Skog does not use hedge accounting for the rolling cash flow hedge. The rolling cash flow hedge generated a loss of NOK 66 million in 2013 (gain of NOK 149 million in 2012). Over time, currency losses or earnings are expected to offset increased or reduced future gross operating earnings.
T ranslation ris k -- n e t in v e s tm e n t h e d g e The presentational currency of the Norske Skog group is NOK. Currency translation risk arises when the financial statements of subsidiaries, presented in local currencies, are translated into NOK. In order to reduce translation risk, assets and liabilities are allocated to the same currency. In addition to traditional debt instruments, all combined currency and interest rate swaps and forward exchange contracts are also used for hedging net investments in foreign subsidiaries. Norske Skog's net investment hedging is carried out in accordance with IAS 39. Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in equity and offset by translation differences from assets in subsidiaries. The gain or loss related to the ineffective portion is immediately recognised in the income statement. There was no ineffectiveness related to net investment hedge in 2013 or 2012. The effective portion recognised in equity was a loss of NOK 243 million in 2013 (gain of NOK 2 million in 2012). Hedge accounting of USD loans was stopped in 2012 following the divestment that year of Papeles Norske Skog Bio Bio S.A. in Chile and change of functional currency from USD to BRL for Norske Skog Pisa Ltda. in Brazil. Foreign exchange gains and losses from such liabilities are recognised in the income statement under Financial items. Cumulative currency translation differences of NOK 39 million were reclassified from equity to the income statement in 2013 as a result of the divestments of Norske Skog Pisa Ltda. in Brazil and Norske Skog (Thailand) Co. Ltd. Cumulative currency translation differences of NOK 30 million were reclassified to the income statement in 2012 as a result of the divestments of
F-124
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
8. FINANCIAL RISK AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING (Continued)
Papeles Norske Skog Bio Bio S.A. in Chile, Norske Skog Parenco B.V, in the Netherlands and the global recovered paper business, Reparco.
