RESULT NET OF TAX CHANGE UP
Liquidity risk
Norske Skog is exposed to liquidity risk in a scenario when the group's cash flow from operating activities is not sufficient to cover payments of financial liabilities. In order to effectively mitigate liquidity risk, Norske Skog's liquidity risk managem ent strategy focuses on maintaining sufficient cash, as well as securing available financing through committed credit facilities. Managing liquidity risk is centralised on a group level.
In order to uncover future liquidity risk, Norske Skog forecasts both short- and long-term cash flows. Cash flow forecasts include cash flows stemming from operations, investments, financing activities and financial instruments. The group had current investments, cash and cash equivalents of NOK 1 015 million at 31 Decem ber 2013 (NOK 1 194 million at 31 Decem ber 2012) and an undrawn credit facility of NOK 250 million at 31 Decem ber 2013 (undrawn credit facility of n Ok 1 028 million at 31 Decem ber 2012). See Note 11 for more information regarding the maturity of facilities. Restricted bank deposits amounted to NOK 258 million at 31 Decem ber 2013 (NOK 211 million at 31 Decem ber 2012).
At the end of 2013, Norske Skog had cash holdings and credit lines that provided sufficient liquidity to meet debt maturities in 2014. However, the board of directors recognises the challenging markets that Norske Skog operates in, and the seasonally lower cash flow in the first half of the year. As a consequence, the board of directors has continuous focus on having sufficient cash flow for operations throughout 2014. To ensure sufficient liquidity for both debt maturities and operations Norske Skog has, in addition to improving cash flow from operations, a number of ongoing and possible initiatives that, in the opinion of the board of directors, should in total provide sufficient cash flows during 2014.
The following table shows the contractual maturities of non-derivative financial liabilities and other derivative financial instruments. All amounts disclosed in the table are undiscounted cash flows. Furthermore, amounts denominated in foreign currency are translated to NOK using closing rates at 31 December. These amounts consist of trade payables, interest payments and principal payments on derivative and non-derivative financial instruments. Variable rate interest cash flows are calculated using the forward yield curve. Projected interest payments are based on the maturity schedule at 31 Decem ber without accounting for forecasted refinancing and/or other changes in the liability portfolio. All other cash flows are based on the group's positions held at 31 Decem ber 2013.
F-127
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
8. FINANCIAL RISK AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING (Continued) MATURITY OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
