The primary factors affecting our results of operations are the prices and volumes of newsprint and magazine paper that we sell.
58
P ro d u c tio n c a p a c ity . During the last 15 years, digital distribution of published media content and advertisements has become increasingly widespread. This development has challenged the publication paper industry, which has endured a protracted structural decline in demand, the effects of which have been exacerbated by cyclical demand declines tied to the 2008-2009 financial crisis and its effects on subsequent global economic growth. For paper makers, it has at times been difficult to react quickly to the effects of structural and cyclical demand shortfalls, which has resulted in industry-wide overcapacity.
V o lu m e s s o ld . The volumes of newsprint and magazine paper we are able to sell are mainly affected by market demand and by the inventory levels of our customers.
M a r k e t d e m a n d fo r n e w s p r in t a n d m a g a z in e p a p e r. The global demand for publication paper is strongly influenced by macroeconomic factors, consumer preferences and technological changes. Contractions in the economy typically lead to reductions in advertising spending and, as much of the demand for our products is generated directly or indirectly by advertising, our results will fluctuate with the general state of the economy.
C o n s u m e r p re fe r e n c e s a n d h a b its . Demand for our products is also impacted by changes in consumer preferences and habits. With the rise of the Internet and electronic media, the publication paper industry in North America has witnessed a structural change in demand, with a decline in demand for most parts of print media, and newspapers in particular. In Europe, this trend has been less pronounced, but we currently expect that publication paper demand in Europe will continue to decline gradually. To the extent that advertising by electronic media continues to represent an increasing share of the advertising market at the expense of print media, or if consumer preferences or more stringent environmental regulations further disfavor paper, our revenues will be impacted.
Increases in the cost of our raw materials and energy
Our key raw materials are energy and fiber. Fiber is sourced as wood and as recovered paper. Energy and fiber costs represented 43% of our operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. Input factor costs have in general been stable in recent years. This stability is a result of relatively modest input factor price volatility due to our contracting structure for energy and wood as well as improvements in fiber and energy consumption as a result of investments at some of our mills.
E nergy. We are a producer of publication paper, which is among the most energy-intensive types of paper to produce. Energy is our single most important expense, and amounted to 21% of our operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. For this same period, 53% of our energy cost related to the purchase of electricity, while the remainder mainly related to purchases of thermal energy used to dry paper. As of September 30, 2014, approximately 85% of our Group-wide electricity requirements were bought under long-term contracts. As a cost of publication paper production, our exposure to spot market energy prices is limited primarily to the European continent. See ``--F lu c tu a tio n in th e v a lu e o f e n e rg y c o n tr a c ts " for a description of the impact of fluctuations of energy contracts on our results of operations.
