Our key raw materials are energy and fiber. Fiber is sourced as wood and as recovered paper. Energy and fiber costs represented 43% of our operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. Input factor costs have in general been stable in recent years. This stability is a result of relatively modest input factor price volatility due to our contracting structure for energy and wood as well as improvements in fiber and energy consumption as a result of investments at some of our mills.
W o o d . We source wood for our operations through a variety of means. We purchase our wood in Australia pursuant to long-term contracts, and for the Boyer mill, approximately 70% of its wood requirements are sourced from its 20,000 hectares of forest assets. In Norway and continental Europe, wood is purchased pursuant to short- and medium-term contracts.
R e c o v e re d p a p e r. Recovered paper supplies are largely purchased through short-term contracts, mainly at market prices. There have been relatively small fluctuations in recovered paper prices in recent years. We primarily use recovered paper in our European newsprint operations.
T ra n s p o rta tio n . Transportation costs comprise both the costs related to the delivery of our finished products to our customers, which are recorded in our income statement as distribution costs, and costs related to the delivery of raw materials to our mills, which are recorded in our income statement as cost of materials. We are responsible for the shipping costs in respect of the majority of our raw material purchases and sales of our finished products and our results are therefore subject to changes in transportation costs, largely due to fluctuations in fuel prices.
59
Fluctuation in the value of energy contracts
We enter into energy supply contracts based on our estimates of the amount of energy we will require to operate our business in the future. Under certain of these contracts, due to capacity reductions or other reasons, the amount of energy we require is less than we contracted for, and we resell the excess energy in the market. Historically, energy resales were a significant factor affecting our results. Presently, however, most of our mills are sourced to need and energy resales will not be expected to have the same impact on our future results of operations. In addition to resale revenues, we operate a geo-thermal energy production facility co-located at our mill in New Zealand from which we generate revenue from sales of excess energy into the spot energy market.
Under IFRS, contracts containing embedded derivatives are valued either with the whole contract or separately at fair value. Fair value is calculated as the difference between the projected market price and the projected contract price over the contract period, discounted to present value. Changes in fair value are recorded as income or expense, as applicable, in our income statement. Since the fair value is based on market expectations for energy prices and currency, interest rates and price indices, changes in fair value produce large fluctuations in our results of operations due to the large volumes and contract lengths associated with energy contracts. We revalue our energy contracts every quarter. Due to volatility in the market price of energy and certain currencies, it is impossible to predict what the impact of such revaluation will be on our income statement and balance sheet from quarter to quarter. These accounting effects have no impact on cash flow.
As of September 30, 2014, the book value of our commodity contracts and embedded derivatives in commodity contracts was NOK 56 million. The fluctuations are non-cash items that are recorded in the income statement under other gains and losses.
