Under IFRS, contracts containing embedded derivatives are valued either with the whole contract or separately at fair value. Fair value is calculated as the difference between the projected market price and the projected contract price over the contract period, discounted to present value. Changes in fair value are recorded as income or expense, as applicable, in our income statement. Since the fair value is based on market expectations for energy prices and currency, interest rates and price indices, changes in fair value produce large fluctuations in our results of operations due to the large volumes and contract lengths associated with energy contracts. We revalue our energy contracts every quarter. Due to volatility in the market price of energy and certain currencies, it is impossible to predict what the impact of such revaluation will be on our income statement and balance sheet from quarter to quarter. These accounting effects have no impact on cash flow.
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Norwegian kroner. Items reflected in the consolidated financial statements of each of our subsidiaries are initially recorded using the currency of the primary economic location in which the entity operates (except for the years ended December 31, 2011,2012 and 2013 for our subsidiaries in Latin America, where the functional currency was the U.S. dollar). Transactions in currencies other than an entity's functional currency are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from the settlement of these transactions and from translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at period-end exchange rates are recognized as realized/unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency in our income statement. Exchange rate differences arising from the settlement of accounts receivable/payable and unrealized gains/losses on the same positions are recognized in operating revenue/cost of materials, respectively. Gains and losses that relate to borrowings, cash and cash equivalents and currency hedging are presented in our income statement as financial items. Subsequently, upon consolidation, the accounts of our subsidiaries that are presented in currencies other than Norwegian kroner are translated into Norwegian kroner at Norges Bank's official rates prevailing on our balance sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Any exchange differences arising are recognized as comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves.
Our results of operations are subject to both translation effects and transaction effects as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates. While our reporting currency is the Norwegian kroner, our subsidiaries generate revenue and incur costs primarily in Euro, U.S. dollars, pounds sterling, Australian dollars and New Zealand dollars (in addition to Norwegian kroner). For example, for the year ended December 31, 2013, 77.0% of our operating revenues were derived from European markets other than Norway and from Australasian markets, where prices and costs are denominated and paid in currencies other than Norwegian kroner. As of September 30, 2014, 91.8% of our total interest-bearing non-current liabilities were denominated in currencies other than Norwegian kroner, with approximately 58.5% denominated in Euro and 30.8% in U.S. dollars. Consequently, our results are affected by any material depreciation or appreciation of these currencies against the Norwegian kroner.
Currency transaction effects primarily relate to our Norwegian operations, which incur expenses mainly in Norwegian kroner, but which sell a large proportion of their output on the export market and generate revenue in foreign currency (primarily Euro, pounds sterling and U.S. dollars). However, we currently do not have any outstanding currency hedging agreements (see ``-- Im p a c t fro m c u rr e n c y c h a n g e s a n d
o th e r fa c to rs u n d e r fin a n c ia l ite m s " ).
60
From time to time, we hedge parts of our expected cash flow in foreign currency. The purpose of this is to improve predictability of our cash flows. Forward contracts and options may be used to hedge cash flows. See ``-- Q u a lita tiv e a n d Q u a n tita tiv e D is c lo s u r e s a b o u t M a r k e t R is k - E x c h a n g e ra te r is k " .
Increases in interest rates
