(1) Long-term financial contracts and commodity contracts that no longer meet the requirement in IAS 39.5 related to own use are measured at fair value.
On 14 June 2013, Norske Skog signed an agreem ent for the sale of 51% of its shares in Norske Skog Pisa Ltda. in Brazil. The transaction was completed on 27 June 2013. The total loss of NOK 218 million on the divestment consisted of NOK 95 million relating to the divestment of 51% of the shares, and NOK 123 million relating to the remaining 49% stake which was recognised in the balance sheet as an associated com pany in line with the equity method of accounting at 31 Decem ber 2013. The loss on the remaining 49% stake consisted of the difference between the book value of the net assets derecognised and the fair value of the investment in associated company. See Note 19 Investments in associated companies for more information. The loss on the divested 51% stake included NOK 12 million relating to currency translation differences and net investment hedge that were recognised directly in equity during the ownership period and reclassified to Other gains and losses upon loss of control.
On 5 October 2013, Norske Skog signed an agreem ent for the sale of its shares in the com pany that owns and operates the mill at Singburi in Thailand, Norske Skog (Thailand) Co. Ltd. The transaction was completed on 21 November 2013. Norske Skog Singburi was deconsolidated from this date and a gain of NOK 49 million was recognised. This amount included a gain of NOK 35 million related to currency translation differences that were recognised directly in equity during the ownership period and reclassified to Other gains and losses upon divestment.
F-141
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
16. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES (Continued)
The net loss on divestments of business activities, property, plant and equipment also included a loss of NOK 26 million in relation to input VAT on transaction costs incurred upon the divestments of mills in South Korea and China in previous years. The Norwegian VAT authorities claim that this amount is not deductible. However, Norske Skog does not agree with this claim and expects to take out legal proceedings. Norske Skog has no outstanding payments to the VAT authorities in relation to this amount and has expensed the full amount in 2013, due to uncertainty regarding the outcome of this case. The remaining amount included in the net loss on divestments of business activities, property, plant and equipment included a gain of NOK 23 million on divestments of non production related property.
The gain on divestments of business activities, property, plant and equipment in 2012 of NOK 39 million was primarily related to the divestments of Papeles Norske Skog Bio Bio S.A. in Chile, Norske Skog Follum AS in Norway, Norske Skog Parenco B.V, in the Netherlands and the global recovered paper business, Reparco (in total NOK 38 million). The remaining amount was mainly related to the sale of non-production related property.
Norske Skog's portfolio of commodity contracts consists mainly of physical energy contracts. The fair value of commodity contracts is especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of embedded derivatives in physical contracts is influenced by currency and price index fluctuations. A sensitivity analysis of the impact on profit after tax of fluctuations in energy prices, currency and price indices is given in Note 8. The valuation techniques used are described in Note 9. The losses on commodity contracts in 2013 and 2012 were due to lower expected future energy prices, and volumes utilised during 2013 and 2012. The gains and losses on embedded derivatives in 2013 and 2012 were mainly driven by currency fluctuations.
