The restructuring provision at 31 Decem ber 2012 was NOK 140 million. The largest item in this provision (NOK 81 million) related to the decision to permanently close 160 000 tonnes of newsprint capacity at Norske Skog Tasman in New Zealand. Other provisions included NOK 28 million in relation to a cost reduction programme at Norske Skog Walsum, NOK 12 million in relation to severance payments and other costs as a result of the ongoing downsizing at head office, NOK 6 million in relation to redundancies at Norske Skog Golbey and NOK 6 million in relation to redundancies at Norske Skog Skogn.
Dismantling provision
Provisions related to future dismantling costs arising from a future closing down of production facilities amounted to NOK 56 million at 31 Decem ber 2013, compared to NOK 92 million at 31 Decem ber 2012. The total amount is classified as non-current and will only be realised at the time of a future shut down of any of the Norske Skog production units. The provision is the net present value of the future estimated costs, calculated using a long-term risk-free interest rate. The periodic unwinding of the discount is recognised in the income statement line Financial items. The opposite entry for dismantling provision and change in provision estimates is Property, plant and equipment.
Discount rates and assumptions included as part of the best estimate will impact the future carrying value of the dismantling provision. To illustrate the sensitivity, a reduction in the future discount rate of one percentage point would increase the provision by approximately NOK 4 million, with a corresponding increase in future depreciation on property, plant and equipment.
Environmental provision
The group's provision for environmental obligations is presented in the balance sheet as Other non-current liabilities. The provision is related to estimated future costs for cleaning up any environmental pollution caused by Norske Skog production units. The provision will mainly be realised in a future period upon a potential shut down of the production activities of any of the Norske Skog production units. Increased environmental requirements from local governments may also lead to realisation of this provision at an earlier point in time.
Provisions for future environmental obligations amounted to NOK 193 million at 31 Decem ber 2013 compared to NOK 250 at 31 Decem ber 2012. The decrease in provision was mainly a result of a downwards revision of the environmental provision at the mills in Australasia and lower discount rates. Resources spent on environmental activities during 2013 amounted to NOK 4 million.
The carrying value of the provision is the best estimate made by measuring the expected value of the specific obligations, discounted to present value using a long-term risk-free interest rate when the time value of money is material. Changes in factors included in the expected value will impact the carrying
F-147
