To the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of Norske Skogindustrier ASA
Report on the Financial Statements
W e have audited the accompanying financial statements of Norske Skogindustrier ASA, which comprise the financial statements of the parent com pany and the financial statements of the group. The financial statements of the parent com pany comprise the balance sheet as at 31 Decem ber 2013, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flow for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. The financial statements of the group comprise the balance sheet as at 31 Decem ber 2013, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flow for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
T h e B o a r d o f D ir e c to r s a n d th e M a n a g in g D ir e c t o r 's R e s p o n s ib ility f o r th e F in a n c ia l S ta te m e n ts
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements of the parent com pany in accordance with simplified IFRS pursuant to § 3-9 of the Norwegian Accounting Act and for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements of the group in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by EU and for such internal control as the Board of Directors and the Managing Director determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
A u d it o r 's R e s p o n s ib ility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
W e believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
