Our results of operations can be impacted by disruptions or other stoppages in our production capacity. These events can be due to involuntary reasons, such as fires, or voluntary reasons, such as the
conversion of a paper machine or the temporary idling (or the reduction in utilization rates) of a paper machine to address issues such as inventory build-ups or energy price developments. The impact on our results of operations of such events depends on the nature of the disruption or stoppage, and other factors such as whether the event is covered by insurance (including business interruption insurance to cover lost margins).
From mid-December 2013 until April 2014, operations at one of the two paper machines at our Boyer mill were suspended. While the machine was offline, we converted the machine to produce magazine paper instead of newsprint. The converted machine is our first magazine paper machine in Australasia, and the only magazine producing machine in that market. During the period of the machine's conversion, production capacity at our Boyer facility declined from 22,500 tons of newsprint per month to 12,500 tons of newsprint per month. Following the conversion, the Boyer mill has capacity to produce 12,500 tons of newsprint per month and 11,667 tons of magazine paper per month. As a result of the conversion, revenues and gross operating earnings for the Publication Paper Australasia operating segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 were negatively impacted. We expect that our results of operations will be positively impacted as the Boyer magazine paper machine reaches its anticipated production and performance levels.
On February 2, 2011, there was a fire at our Saugbrugs mill in Norway, which produces supercalendared magazine paper and has an annual production capacity of 545,000 tons of supercalendared magazine paper. That fire caused extensive damage to the cable system in the TMP plant that supplies the mill's machines with wood fiber. As a result, all operations of the mill's paper machines were halted. The Saugbrugs mill did not return to normal production levels until January 2012. We maintain insurance coverage that includes both the lost contribution margin (business interruption insurance) and property damage stemming from covered events. As a result of the 2011 fire at Saugbrugs, a provision for the estimated business interruption compensation was recognized, whereby gross operating earnings were negatively affected by NOK 11 million, which was equivalent to the insurance policy deductible. Additionally, we recognized an impairment of NOK 8 million for the assets damaged during the year ended December 31,2011 and a gain of NOK 83 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 in other gains and losses relating to the insurance compensation received for property damage.
Explanation of Key Income Statement Items
Operating revenue
Operating revenue represents the fair value of the consideration received or receivable from the sale of our products, and is stated net of any applicable value added tax, rebates and sales and after eliminating sales within the Group.
Our operating revenue consists almost exclusively of the sale of goods, and the recognition of revenue is the same for newsprint and magazine paper. Operating revenue is typically recognized at a point in time between finalization of production of our products and delivery of the products to our customer, depending on the buyer's delivery terms.
Operating expenses
