b ) T ransactions a n d b a la n ce s Foreign currency transactions are translated into the entity's functional currency using the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year-end exchange rates are recognised in the income statement. Gains and losses subject to hedge accounting and relating to currency positions qualifying as net investment hedges and which are hedge accounted, are booked as part of comprehensive income. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of accounts receivable/payable and unrealised gains/ losses on the same positions are recognised in Operating revenue/Cost of materials respectively. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of other items are recognised within Financial items. Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the income statement as Financial items.
i. Assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that balance sheet,
ii. Income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates,
F-161
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
iii. All resulting exchange differences are booked to comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves.
On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are booked as part of comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves. When a foreign operation is fully or partially sold, such exchange differences are booked out of comprehensive income and recognised in the income statement as part of the gain or loss on sale.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity, and translated at the closing rate.
