New standards, interpretations and am endm ents to existing standards A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2012. None of these have been early adopted in 2012. New standards
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued) and amendments that are expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements are listed below:
IAS 1 F in a n cia l s ta te m e n t p re s e n ta tio n (am e n d m e n t) The main change resulting from the am endm ent is that Items in the statement of other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to profit or loss at a future point in time must be presented separately from items that will never be reclassified. The am endm ent is effective for annual periods beginning 1 July 2012 or later.
IAS 19 E m p lo ye e b e n e fits (re vised) The revised standard requires that all actuarial gains and losses shall be recognised in other comprehensive income as they occur (i.e. elimination of the corridor approach), all past service costs shall be recognised immediately, and that interest cost and expected return on plan assets shall be replaced with a net interest amount that is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability (asset). The am endm ent is effective for annual periods beginning 1 January 2013 or later. See Note 13 for more information regarding the impact of the revised standard.
IAS 2 7 S e pa rate fin a n c ia l sta te m e n ts (re vised) The rules for consolidated financial statements are replaced by the new IFRS 10 and IFRS 12. What remains of IAS 27 is limited to accounting for subsidiaries, jointly controlled entities and associates in separate financial statements. The changes are effective for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. The changes are not expected to have a significant impact on the separate financial statements.
IAS 32-- F in a n cia l in stru m e n ts: p re s e n ta tio n (am e n d m e n t) The amendments clarify some of the requirements for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities in the balance sheet. The changes are effective for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2014 or later. It is not expected that the changes will have a significant impact on the financial statements.
IFRS 7-- F in a n c ia l in s tru m e n ts : d is c lo s u re s (a m e n d m e n t) The am endm ents require an entity to disclose information regarding the effect of netting arrangements on an entity's financial position. The changes are effective for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2013 or later. It is not expected that the changes will have a significant impact on the financial statements.
IAS 28 In ve stm e n ts in a sso cia te s a n d jo in t ve ntu re s (re vised) As a consequence of the new IFRS 11 and IFRS 12, IAS 28 has been renamed, and the standard now describes the application of the equity method to investments in joint ventures in addition to associates. The change is effective for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. It is not expected that the change will have a significant impact on the financial statements.
