IFRS 12 D is c lo s u re s o f in te re sts in o th e r e n titie s The standard contains disclosure requirements for all forms of interests in other entities, including joint ventures, associated companies, special purpose entities and other off balance sheet entities. The group has not considered the impact of IFRS 12, but the standard only affects the presentation in the financial statements. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later.
A n n u a l im p rove m e nts M ay 2012 Various improvements to existing standards were issued in May 2012, and are mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2013 or later, but have not yet been endorsed by the EU. None of the changes are expected to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements, but the changes which are relevant for Norske Skog are:
IA S 16 P ro p e rty , p la n t a n d e q u ip m e n t: this improvement clarifies that major spare parts and servicing equipment that meet the definition of property, plant and equipment are not inventory.
IA S 3 4 In te rim fin a n c ia l r e p o r tin g : the am endm ent provides clarification regarding reporting of segment information for total assets in order to enhance consistency with the requirements in IFRS 8 O p e ra tin g segm ents. There are no other standards or interpretations that are not yet effective that are expected to have a material impact for the group.
Important accounting estim ates and assum ptions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of accounting estimates and assumptions for the future. It also requires managem ent to exercise its judgem ent in the process of applying the group's accounting policies. Estimates and assumptions which represent a substantial risk
F-171
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
for significant changes in the capitalised value of assets and liabilities during the coming fiscal year are discussed below.
