2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
a) E s tim a te d d e c lin e in va lue o f in ta n g ib le a sse ts a n d p ro p e rty, p la n t a n d e q u ip m e n t (PPE)
The group performs periodic tests to assess whether there has been a decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE. These are written down to their recoverable amount when the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying value of the asset. The recoverable amount from assets or cash-generating units is determined by calculating the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash-generating unit. Calculation of value in use requires use of estimates.
The group's cash-generating units are Europe newsprint, Australasia newsprint, Norske Skog Pisa (Brazil) newsprint, Norske Skog Singburi (Thailand) newsprint, Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)) and Norske Skog Saugbrugs (Norway) magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)). The cash-generating unit Europe newsprint consists of Norske Skog Golbey (France), Norske Skog Bruck Paper Machine 3 (Austria) and Norske Skog Skogn (Norway). The cash-generating unit Australasia newsprint consists of Norske Skog Albury (Australia), Norske Skog Boyer (Australia) and Norske Skog Tasman (New Zealand). The cash-generating unit Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)) consists of Norske Skog Walsum (Germany) and Norske Skog Bruck Paper Machine 4 (Austria). In cases where several mills are part of a cash-generating unit, this is because production can be moved between the mills, based on what gives best profitability for the group as a whole.
The capitalised value of intangible assets and PPE within the cash-generating units is measured against the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within these units. A possible future change in the composition of the group's cash-generating units could lead to changes in the value in use within these cash-generating units, which could in turn mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
Calculating the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within the cash-generating units is based on estimated discounted cash flows. The cash flow horizon in the impairment model is consistent with the useful life of each paper machine in the group. The board-approved operating plan for the next year forms the basis for calculating expected future cash flows. In the impairment testing, sales prices are assumed to exhibit a decline in real terms and variable costs are assumed to decline in real terms, with lower demand for input factors due to a shrinking industry.
The estimation of recoverable amount is based on assumptions regarding the future development of several factors. These include price development for finished goods, sales volumes, currency rates and interest rates. This means that there will be uncertainty when it comes to the outcome of the calculations. Norske Skog performs sensitivity analyses using the variables mentioned above to predict how fluctuations will impact recoverable amount. In relation to the assumptions made in the calculation of the present value of future cash flows, recoverable amount is most sensitive to changes in prices of finished goods, sales volumes and the discount rate used. Changes in these factors will have the effect of altering the value of cash flows and thereby also the value in use within the cash-generating units. Significant changes in prognoses and long-term prices could accordingly mean a future fall in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
The required rate of return applied when discounting future cash flows is crucial for the calculated value of intangible assets and PPE. A future increase in the required rate of return when discounting future cash flows will reduce value in use and could in turn mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
b) A n nu a l a s s e s s m e n t o f the re m a in in g e c o n o m ic life o f PPE
