F-179
4. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPM ENT (Continued)
Cash flow is calculated individually for each business unit, based on the estimated useful life. The paper industry is a capital intensive industry where investment decisions are made based on projects with a long time horizon. The production machines have a long technical life. The estimated remaining useful life of the individual paper machines forms the basis for determining the length of the cash flow period. For both sales prices and input prices, a continued decline in real terms is expected, as historically observed. In the impairment testing at 31 Decem ber 2012, real term sales prices are assumed to decline by approximately 10% during the next ten year period, while sales volumes are expected to develop in accordance with the useful lives of the different paper machines in the group. Projection of these assumptions will result in a gradual improvement in margins, from levels at the bottom of the business cycle to a normalisation with return to trend economic growth. The impairment testing at 31 Decem ber 2012 was based on the operating plan for the group for 2013 as approved by the board of directors.
The cash flow decreases gradually over time as the capacity of the group declines, reflecting assumed closures of machines as they reach the end of their useful lives.
Sensitivity to estimates of recoverable amount
The estimation of recoverable amount is based on assumptions regarding the future development of several factors. These include price development for finished goods, sales volumes, currency rates and interest rates. This means that there will be uncertainty when it comes to the outcome of these calculations. Norske Skog has performed sensitivity analyses using the variables mentioned above to predict how fluctuations will impact recoverable amount. In relation to the assumptions made in the calculation of the present value of future cash flows, recoverable amount is most sensitive to changes in prices of finished goods, sales volumes and the discount rate used. A reduction in sales price and sales volumes for the whole group in the cash flow period of 5% will cause a reduction in recoverable amount in the order of NOK 4 800 million and NOK 1 700 million respectively. Correspondingly, a 1% increase in the discount rate will cause a reduction in the recoverable amount of NOK 800 million. An appreciation of NOK of 1% against all other functional currencies in the Norske Skog group will cause a reduction in the recoverable amount of NOK 300 million.
Im pairm ent losses recognised in 2012
Norske Skog assessed the recoverable amount at each quarter-end during 2012. Total impairments recognised in 2012 amounted to NOK 2 086 million. These impairments consisted of NOK 1 338 million in the operating segment newsprint outside Europe, NOK 694 million in the operating segment magazine paper and NOK 54 in other activities. The impairments arose mainly as a result of lower sales price expectations and reduced cash flow horizon.
The table below shows machinery and equipment and land and buildings allocated to Norske Skog's cash-generating units.
