In te re s t rate s e n s itiv ity analysis
 Floating rate debt is exposed to changes in market interest rates, i.e. the interest costs or interest income associated with such instruments will fluctuate based on changes in market rates. These changes are accounted for in the sensitivity analysis. The result is based on the assumption that all other factors are kept constant.
 Changes in market rates on fixed rate debt will only affect the income statement if they are measured at fair value. Thus, fixed rate instruments recognised at amortised cost will not represent an interest rate risk as defined by IFRS 7. Such instruments will therefore not have any influence on the sensitivity analysis.
 Change in fair value of interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedge on the group's fixed rate bonds will not influence the sensitivity calculation of either the income statement or equity. As a result of fair value hedge accounting, the changes in fair value of interest rate swaps recognised in the income statement are, to a large extent, offset by opposite changes in fair value of the underlying hedged item. Potential ineffectiveness stemming from retrospective effectiveness testing of the hedging relationship is regarded as insignificant to this analysis.
 Changes in fair value of interest rate derivatives that are not designated as a fair value hedge of the group's liabilities, and which are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss, are taken into consideration in the sensitivity analysis.
 Currency derivatives will only affect the sensitivity analysis to a very limited extent upon changes in the discount rate.
 Results are presented net of tax, using the Norwegian statutory tax rate of 28%.
The interest rate sensitivity analysis is based on a parallel shift in the yield curve for each relevant currency to which Norske Skog is exposed. Following a 50 basis point downward/upward parallel shift in the yield curve in all interest rate markets to which Norske Skog is exposed, net earnings would have been NOK 3 million higher/lower at 31 Decem ber 2012 (NOK 2 million lower/higher at 31 Decem ber 2011). Change in net interest payments accounts for n Ok 1 million, and the total change in market values of derivatives carried at fair value through profit or loss accounts for NOK 2 million. Floating rate debt has decreased in 2012 due to repayments.
b) Currency risk
