c) Com m odity risk
Some of Norske Skog's purchase and sales contracts are defined as financial instruments, or contain em bedded derivatives, which fall within the scope of IAS 39. These financial instruments and em bedded derivatives are measured in the balance sheet at fair value with value changes recognised through profit or loss. Commodity contracts are either financial contracts for the purpose of trading or hedging, or physical commodity contracts that are not for the purpose of own use. The em bedded derivatives are common in physical commodity contracts and comprise a wide variety of derivative characteristics.
Changes in fair value of commodity contracts reflect unrealised gains or losses and are calculated as the difference between market price and contract price, discounted to present value. Some commodity contracts are bilateral contracts or em bedded derivatives in bilateral contracts, for which there exists no active market. Hence, valuation techniques, with the use of available market information, are used as much as possible. Techniques that reflect how the market could be expected to price instruments are used in non-observable markets.
Norske Skog's portfolio of commodity contracts consists mostly of physical energy contracts. Fair value of commodity contracts is therefore especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of em bedded derivatives in physical contracts depends on currency and price index fluctuations. In March 2012, Norske Skog sold long-term excess energy in Norway for NOK 170 million and in May 2011, Norske Skog sold the energy com pany Enerpar-Energias do Parana Ltda. in Brazil for NOK 410 million.
F-187
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
8. FINANCIAL RISK AND HEDGE ACCO UNTING (Continued)
S e nsitivity a na lysis fo r c o m m o d ity c o n tra c ts
Trading and hedging mandates have been established for energy activity. Financial trading and hedging activities are carried out bilaterally with banks and trading companies. The trading portfolio for energy in Norway was terminated in 2011.
