Provisions related to future dismantling costs arising from a future closing down of production facilities amounted to NOK 92 million at 31 Decem ber 2012, compared to NOK 102 million at 31 Decem ber 2011. The total amount is classified as non-current and will only be realised at the time of a future shut down of any of the Norske Skog production units. The provision is the net present value of the future estimated costs, calculated using a long-term risk-free interest rate. The periodic unwinding of the discount is recognised in the income statement line Financial items. The opposite entry for dismantling provision and change in provision estimates is Property, plant and equipment.
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
21. PROVISIONS (Continued)
Discount rates and assumptions included as part of the best estimate will impact the future carrying value of the dismantling provision. To illustrate the sensitivity, a reduction in the future discount rate of one percentage point would increase the provision by approximately NOK 9 million, with a corresponding increase in future depreciation on property, plant and equipment.
Environmental provision
The group's provision for environmental obligations is presented in the balance sheet as Other non-current liabilities. The provision is related to estimated future costs for cleaning up any environmental pollution caused by Norske Skog production units. The provision will mainly be realised in a future period upon a potential shut down of the production activities of any of the Norske Skog production units. Increased environmental requirements from local governments may also lead to realisation of this provision at an earlier point in time.
Provisions for future environmental obligations amounted to NOK 250 million at 31 Decem ber 2012 compared to NOK 283 at 31 Decem ber 2011. Resources spent on environmental activities during 2012 amounted to NOK 35 million, and were mainly related to activities in Norway, Brazil (Norske Skog Pisa) and New Zealand (Norske Skog Tasman). Other movements arose mainly a result of lower discount rates and currency translation differences.
The carrying value of the provision is the best estimate made by measuring the expected value of the specific obligations, discounted to present value using a long-term risk-free interest rate when the time value of money is material. Changes in factors included in the expected value will impact the carrying value of the obligation. To illustrate the sensitivity, a reduction in the future discount rate by one percentage point would increase the provision by approximately NOK 24 million. Changes in accounting estimates not related to assets are classified as operating items in the income statement, and the periodic unwinding of the discount is recognised within the income statement line Financial items.
22. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
