25. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
In order to improve the capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.
The group monitors its capital structure on the basis of interest coverage ratio (adjusted EBITDA / net interest expense) and the debt ratio (adjusted net interest-bearing debt / adjusted EBITDA). The group was within the limits for the key figures at 31 Decem ber 2012. For more information see Note 11.
26. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Norske Skog is an international com pany that, through its ongoing business operations, will be exposed to litigation and claims from public authorities and contracting parties. At the end of 2012, the group was in dialogues with tax authorities in Norway and Australia regarding previously completed transactions. Norske Skog has an ongoing process related to simplification of the group's corporate structure. This, in combination with changes in individual countries' tax laws, could increase the group's tax exposure. The group's assessment is that sufficient provisions have been made for the aforementioned conditions.
F-212
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 27. RELATED PARTIES All transactions with related parties are conducted in accordance with the arm 's length principle. Some of Norske Skogindustrier ASA's shareholders are forest owners delivering forestry products to the group's production units in Norway. One of the board members, Eilif Due, is a forest owner who supplies wood to the group on normal standardised terms. All contracts for supply of wood are entered into through forest owner associations or companies. The associated company Malaysian Newsprint Industries Sdn. Bhd. (MNI) purchased recovered paper from the Reparco companies in the Norske Skog group, prior to the divestment of these companies in October 2012. Total purchases made during 2012 from Reparco amounted to NOK 1 million (NOK 5 million in 2011). Purchases of goods and services by MNI from other companies in the Norske Skog group during 2012 amounted to NOK 1 million (NOK 0 million in 2011). There were no amounts payable by MNI to the Norske Skog group at 31 Decem ber 2012 or 31 Decem ber 2011. A former board member, Alexandra Bech Gjørv, is a partner in the law firm Hjort DA. Norske Skogindustrier ASA purchased services amounting to NOK 173 000 from this firm during 2012 (NOK 345 000 during 2011). Bech Gjørv left the board of directors during 2012. None of the board members receive remuneration for their work for the com pany from any source other than the com pany itself. 28. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE In January 2013, Norske Skog signed a lease contract for its new head office. The head office will be located centrally at Skøyen in Oslo. The move will take place in early June 2013. Norske Skog has had its head office at Oxenøen in the municipality of Bærum, since 1998. Norske Skog and the landlord of the head office at Oxenøen have agreed to terminate the current lease contract during June 2013.
F-213
ptjjg
