The Senior Secured Notes are general obligations of the Issuer and are senior in right of payment to all existing and future indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer that is subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes, are pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer that is not subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes, are unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors, are effectively senior to all the existing and future indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer that is unsecured or secured by liens junior to the liens securing the Senior Secured Notes, are effectively subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer that is secured by property and assets that do not secure the Senior Secured Notes, to the extent of the value of the property and assets securing such indebtedness, and are effectively subordinated to all obligations of the subsidiaries of the Issuer that do not guarantee the Senior Secured Notes.
The delivery of the Notes was made to investors in book-entry form, through Euroclear SA/NV (``Euroclear''), Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme (``Clearstream''), or the Depository Trust Company (``DTC'') in each case on the Escrow Release Date.
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See ``Risk Factors" beginning on page 27.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Notes and the Guarantees are being offered and sold inside the United States only to qualified institutional buyers (``QIBs'') in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act (``Rule 144A'') and outside the United States in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (``Regulation S''). Prospective purchasers that are QIBs are hereby notified that the Initial Purchasers may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. See ``Transfer Restrictions" and "Plan of Distribution" for additional information about eligible offerees and transfer restrictions.
Issue price of the Senior Secured Notes: 97.500% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Escrow Release Date. Issue price of the Exchange Notes: 100.000% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Escrow Release Date.
Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners
Goldman Sachs International
Citigroup
The date of these listing particulars is July 14, 2015.
