b) C ha ng e in o w n e rsh ip interests in s u b s id ia rie s w ith o u t lo ss o f c o n tro l
c) D isp o sa l o f su bsid ia rie s
W hen the group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.
d) A ssociates
Associates are all entities over which the group exercises significant influence but not control, generally held to accom pany a shareholding of 20% to 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for by the equity method of accounting. The investment is initially recognised at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognise the investor's share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition.
The group's share of post acquisition profits or losses made by its associates is recognised as Share of profit in associated companies and is assigned to the carrying value of the investment, together with the group's share of comprehensive income in the associated company. When the group's share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other unsecured receivables, the group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
Profits and losses resulting from transactions between the group and its associates are recognised in the group financial statements only to the extent of unrelated investors' interests in the associates.
The group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value, and recognises the amount as Share of profit in associated companies.
Dilution gains and losses arising in investments in associates are recognised in the income statement. If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.
