F-223
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
iii. All resulting exchange differences are booked to comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves.
On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are booked as part of comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves. When a foreign operation is fully or partially sold, such exchange differences are booked out of comprehensive income and recognised in the income statement as part of the gain or loss on sale.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity, and translated at the closing rate.
Property, plant and equipm ent
Land and buildings comprise mainly mills, machinery and office premises. All property, plant and equipment (PPE) is shown at cost less subsequent depreciation and impairments. Cost includes expenditure directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. The residual value of production equipment is defined as the realisable value after deduction of estimated cost of dismantling and removal of the asset. If the estimated cost exceeds the estimated value, the net liability is added to the cost of the related asset, and a provision is recognised as a liability in the balance sheet.
Borrowing costs which are directly related to qualifying assets are recognised as part of the acquisition cost for the qualifying asset. Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gains/losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of PPE.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they are incurred.
