IFR S 10 C o n s o lid a te d fin a n c ia l statem ents
IFR S 11 Jo int arran g em en ts
The new standard removes the option for jointly controlled entities to use proportionate consolidation. Instead, the equity method of accounting must be used. IFRS 11 specifies two main categories of joint control: joint ventures and joint operations. For joint ventures, joint control is recognized in accordance with the equity method, but for joint operations, the parties shall recognize their rights in the assets and liabilities included in the collaboration. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2013 or later, but has not yet been approved by the EU. It is not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements.
IF R S 12 D is c lo s u re s o f in terests in o th e r en tities
The standard contains disclosure requirements for financial interests in subsidiaries, joint ventures, associated companies, special purpose entities and other off balance sheet entities. The group has not considered the impact of IFRS 12, but the standard only affects the presentation in the financial statements. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2013 or later, but has not yet been approved by the EU.
IFR S 13 F a ir value m e a s u re m e n t
The standard defines what is meant by fair value when the term is used in IFRS, provides a unified description of how fair value should be determined by IFRS, and defines what additional information should be provided when fair value is used. The standard does not extend the use of fair value accounting but provides guidance on how it should be applied where its use is already required or permitted by other standards. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2013 or later, but has not yet been approved by the EU. The group uses fair value as the measurement criterion for certain assets and liabilities, but has not yet fully considered the impact of IFRS 13.
F-235
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
