W hen calculating value in use, the group is divided into the following cash-generating units: Europe newsprint, Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)), Australasia newsprint, South America newsprint, Norske Skog Saugbrugs magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)), Norske Skog Parenco magazine paper (NorCal), Norske Skog Follum magazine paper and Norske Skog Singburi newsprint. Norske Skog Parenco was part of the cash-generating unit Europe newsprint, up to and including the second quarter of 2011. In recent years, production at the mill has gradually been converted from newsprint to magazine paper. For 2011, the bulk of the production consists of magazine paper (NorCal). Since Norske Skog Parenco is the only mill in the group producing this magazine paper quality, it has been included as a separate cash-generating unit from the third quarter. In cases where several mills are part of a cash-generating unit, this is because production can be moved between the mills, based on what gives best profitability for the group as a whole.
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
4. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQ UIPM ENT (Continued)
Cash flow is calculated individually for up to ten years for each cash-generating unit, based on the estimated useful life. The paper industry is a capital intensive industry where investment decisions are m ade based on projects with a long time horizon. The production machines have a long technical life. The estimated remaining useful life of the individual paper machines forms the basis for determining the length of the cash flow period. Sales prices and input prices are based on short-term forecasts in the first two years and on long-term forecasts for prices thereafter. The short-term forecasts are based on budgets from the mills, updated with the latest estimates for sales prices and prices for input factors. The expected value of operations beyond ten years is assessed as a terminal value based on industry average for the Enterprise Value / EBITDA, adjusted for the technical quality of the specific asset and the cash flow horizon. The rate of growth in the terminal value is zero.
The prognosis for long-term prices is an estimated equilibrium price level which the least cost-efficient mills in the industry need to survive an economic cycle. Only the capacity necessary to meet market requirements is included in the analysis. As for most industrial products, paper prices show a declining real price of approximately 1-2% per year. This means that the cash flow decreases gradually in the years where long-term prices are used.
Sensitivity to estimates of recoverable amount
The estimation of recoverable amount is based on assumptions regarding the future development of several factors. These include future changes in the prices for finished goods, sales volumes, prices for input factors (wood, recovered paper, energy, development in salaries, etc.), investment in fixed assets, foreign exchange rates and interest rates. This means that there will be uncertainty when it comes to the outcome of the calculations. Norske Skog has conducted sensitivity analyses to assess how various changes in the assumptions made will impact the recoverable amount. In relation to the assumptions m ade in the present value calculations, recoverable amount is most sensitive to changes in the prices of finished goods, sales volumes and currency movements. A reduction in sales prices (from 2013) and sales volume in the cash flow period of 5% would result in a reduction in the recoverable amount in the order of NOK 5 400 million and NOK 1 900 million, respectively. Similarly, a weakening of USD of 5% would lead to a reduction in the recoverable amount of approximately NOK 800 million. A price increase of 5% on the input prices for wood, recovered paper, energy and labour would reduce the recoverable amount by approximately NOK 800 million, NOK 600 million, NOK 500 million and NOK 700 million, respectively.
Im pairm ent losses recognised in 2011
Norske Skog has assessed the recoverable amount at each quarter-end during 2011. Total impairments recognised in 2011 amounted to NOK 1 969 million. These impairments consist of NOK 96 million for Europe newsprint, NOK 139 million for Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)), NOK 103 million Australasia newsprint, NOK 241 million South America newsprint, NOK 184 million Norske Skog Singburi newsprint, NOK 244 million Norske Skog Saugbrugs magazine paper (supercalendered (SC)), NOK 35 million Norske Skog Follum magazine paper and NOK 927 million Norske Skog Parenco magazine paper (NorCal). The impairments have mainly arisen due to a higher required rate of return, reduced cash flow horizon, a stronger Norwegian krone (Norske Skog Saugbrugs magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)), the permanent closure of Norske Skog Follum, and changes in the composition of cash-generating units (Norske Skog Parenco magazine paper (NorCal)).
