(1) Ineffectiveness is presented in the income statement line Financial items.
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
8. FINANCIAL RISK AND HEDGE ACCO UNTING (Continued)
In te re s t rate sensitivity analysis
In accordance with IFRS 7 F in a n c ia l in s tru m e n ts -- d is c lo s u r e s , an interest rate sensitivity analysis is presented showing the effects of changes in market interest rates on interest costs and interest income, as well as equity where applicable. The analysis is based on the following assumptions:
 Floating rate debt is exposed to changes in market interest rates, i.e. the interest costs or interest income associated with such instruments will fluctuate based on changes in market rates. These changes are accounted for in the sensitivity analysis. The result is based on the assumption that all other factors are kept constant.
 Changes in market rates on fixed rate debt will only affect the income statement if they are measured at their fair value. Thus, fixed rate instruments recognised at amortised cost will not represent an interest rate risk as defined by IFRS 7. Such instruments will therefore not have any influence on the sensitivity analysis.
 Change in fair value of interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedge on the group's fixed rate bonds will not influence the sensitivity calculation of either the income statement or equity. As a result of fair value hedge accounting, the changes in fair value of interest rate swaps recognised in the income statement are, to a large extent, offset by opposite changes in fair value of the underlying hedged item. Potential ineffectiveness stemming from retrospective effectiveness testing of the hedging relationship is regarded as insignificant to this analysis.
 Changes in fair value of interest rate derivatives that are not designated as a fair value hedge of the group's liabilities, and which are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss, are taken into consideration in the sensitivity analysis.
