26. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES Norske Skog is an international com pany that, through its ongoing business operations, will be exposed to litigation and claims from public authorities and contracting parties. At the end of 2011, the group is in dialogues with tax authorities in Norway and Australia regarding previously completed transactions. The ongoing simplification of the group's corporate structure, and changes individual countries' tax laws, could increase the group's tax exposure. The group's assessment is that sufficient provisions have been made for the aforementioned conditions.
28. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE New long-term energy contract at Skogn On 12 January 2012, Norske Skog signed a long-term energy contract with Nord-Trøndelag Elektrisitetsverk (NTE) for the supply of electricity for the paper mill at Skogn. The agreem ent ensures supply of 400 GWh per year until the end of 2018.
Sale of excess energy In February 2012, Norske Skog signed an agreem ent for the sale of part of an energy contract in Southern Norway. The sold portion of the contract had an annual supply of 680 GWh through to the end of 2020.
F-275
ping
To the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of Norske Skogindustrier ASA
In d ep en d en t a u d ito r's report
Report on the Financial Statements
W e have audited the accompanying financial statements of Norske Skogindustrier ASA, which comprise the financial statements of the parent com pany and the financial statements of the group. The financial statements of the parent com pany comprise the balance sheet as at 31 Decem ber 2011, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flow for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. The financial statements of the group comprise the balance sheet as at 31 Decem ber 2011, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flow for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
