Exchange rate risk
We are exposed to currency risk in the following areas:
· translation risk, where assets and debt valued in foreign currencies have to be translated into Norwegian kroner on our balance sheet; and
· transaction risk, which arises as a result of our positive cash flow being predominantly in foreign currencies, while our negative cash flow is predominantly in Norwegian kroner.
Translation risk arises when our accounts are consolidated in Norwegian kroner and translation differences arise on assets and debt denominated in foreign currencies. The value of our assets and debt are adjusted for this translation difference, thereby affecting important key ratios such as our gearing ratio (net interest-bearing debt to equity). Translation risk is managed by ensuring that our net debt is denominated in a mix of currencies in which we also hold assets, in order to reduce fluctuations in key financial ratios resulting from currency rate movements. However, the net investment hedging is also organized in such a way as to distribute debt to currencies in which we have positive cash flows. In the past, we have used currency and interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts to hedge net investments in foreign subsidiaries.
In the past, we have used various financial instruments to hedge our exposure to currency transaction risk. In general, we calculate a twelve-month future cash flow exposure in each currency on a rolling basis (the ``roNing cash flow hedge''). At any one time, a portion of our twelve-month expected cash flow exposure is hedged using forward contracts and currency options. This portion may be as low as zero and as high as 100%, but our benchmark is 75%. Our aim is to postpone the effect of currency fluctuations on our cash flow. The hedging instruments we may use are forward foreign exchange contracts and currency options, currency swaps, cross-currency swaps and loans denominated in foreign currencies. We do not use hedge accounting for the rolling cash flow hedge. The rolling cash flow hedge generated a loss of NOK 66 million in 2013, a gain of NOK 149 million in 2012 and a loss of
86
NOK 13 million in 2011. Over time, currency losses or earnings are expected to offset increased or reduced future gross operating earnings.
S e nsitivity analysis
