We make a credit evaluation of all financial trading counterparties. Based on the evaluation, a limit on credit exposure is established for each counterparty. These limits are monitored continuously in relation to unrealized profit on financial instruments and placements. The maximum credit risk arising from financial instruments is represented by the carrying am ount of financial assets on our balance sheet. This includes derivatives with positive market value except for embedded derivatives. Embedded derivatives are not subjected to credit risk, as there are no future cash flows associated with such derivatives.
Our procedures for credit management of European trade receivables, and the authority to approve credit lines to customers of European business units, are regulated by a policy drafted and maintained by a centralized credit management function at our head office. The operational responsibility to act within the guidelines as set out by this policy lies with each business unit. For operations outside of Europe, custom er credit m anagement is handled locally.
Critical Accounting Policies
Our principal accounting policies are described in more detail in note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31,201 3 included elsewhere in these listing particulars. The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, though actual results and timing could differ from the estimates.
Management believes that the accounting policies below represent those matters requiring the exercise of judgm ent where a different opinion could result in the greatest changes to reported results.
Estimated decline in value of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment ("PPE")
We perform periodic tests to assess whether there has been a decline in the value of intangible assets and tangible fixed assets. Tangible fixed assets and intangible assets are written down to their recoverable am ount when the recoverable am ount is lower than the assets carrying value. The recoverable am ount from assets or cash-generating units is determined by calculating the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash-generating unit. Calculation of value in use requires use of estimates.
The capitalized value of intangible assets and PPE within the cash-generating units is measured against the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within these units. A possible future change in the com position of our cash-generating units could mean changes in the value in use within cash-generating units, which could, in turn, mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and tangible fixed assets.
Calculating the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within the cash-generating units is based on estimated discounted cash flows. The cash flow horizon in the impairment model is consistent with the useful life of each paper machine in the group. The board-approved operating plan for the next year form s the basis for calculating expected cash flows. In the impairment testing, sales prices are assumed
