The contracts are recognized in our balance sheet in accordance with IAS 39, which means that the value consists of the difference between the estimated market price and contract price over the contract period, discounted to present value. If the market for contracts is not active, we apply valuation techniques to establish the fair value. These include the use of recent arm's length transactions, reference to other instruments which are substantially the same, and discounted cash flow analyses.
Annual assessment of the remaining economic life of tangible fixed assets
We make annual assessments of the remaining economic life of tangible fixed assets. An increase or decrease in the remaining economic life could have an effect on future depreciation.
Provision for future environmental obligations
Our provision for future environmental obligations is based on a number of assumptions made using management's best judgment. Changes in any of these assumptions could have an impact on our provision and costs.
Provisions for environmental restoration, dismantling costs, restructuring activities and legal claims are recognized when we have a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; an outflow of resources is more likely than not to be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
Where a number of similar obligations exist, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognized within financial items.
As of December 31,2013, we had a provision for future environmental obligations of NOK 193 million which are presented on our balance sheet as other non-current liabilities.
