Source: RISI World Graphic Paper Capacity (Sep-2014) (adjusted for announced closures and mergers and acquisitions)1
Demand Drivers
Significant trends affecting the paper industry include (i) a fundamental structural change in paper consumption as demand for global paper consumption declines and (ii) a geographic shift in production and demand from traditional markets, such as North America and Western Europe, to Asia and Latin America. Long-term demand for paper globally is driven by economic, demographic and end-user preference trends, as well as by technological development.
91
Technological development and shifting consumer preferences towards digital platforms have negatively impacted publication paper demand over the past decade. Nonetheless, the evidence suggests that there is a long-term need for publication paper. According to the World Association of Newspaper and News Publishers, print remains by far the most important source of revenue for news publishers, accounting for 93% of newspaper revenue as of 2014, with only 7% of revenue derived from electronic media. The continued need for printed media is confirmed by our two most important customers in Australasia, News Limited and Fairfax Media Limited, which together account for approximately 50% of our Australasia revenue. News Limited and Fairfax Media Limited are large multi platform media companies but they continue to derive the majority of their revenues from traditional printing and continue to make large investments in printing equipment.
Newsprint In 2013, global newsprint demand fell by 5.1%, or 1.6 million tons, with all key regions declining. The decline was most severe in North America (9.5%) and Western Europe (5.8%), which together accounted for approximately 60% of the overall decline. In Asia, demand decreased by 1.7% due to a 7.5% decline in China. The decline in Western European demand for newsprint was driven by a 6.2% decline in paid-for circulation and a loss in pagination (the number of printed pages per printed work) of approximately 2.0% according to PPPC estimates. A 6.5% fall in the consumption of free daily newspapers also contributed to the decline, which was mainly due to the carry-over effect of circulation reductions that had already taken place in 2012. The only mitigating factor was a positive swing in consumer stocks, especially in Spain and Germany. Australasian newsprint saw a significant decline of 17.1% year-over-year due to strategic shifts by publishers in a region with high paper usage per capita compared to other mature markets. Through the first half of 2014, newsprint demand in Western Europe decreased only 2.7%, despite paid-for circulation decreasing by 5.5% and pagination remaining flat or slightly decreasing according to PPPC estimates. The downgrading of improved newsprint (categorized in uncoated mechanical) to newsprint in Germany and France limited the decline in demand for regular newsprint grades year-to-date during the nine months ended September 30, 2014. There have also been some indications of stock-building in the big-five markets (Germany, UK, Italy, France and Spain) which help to explain the changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2014. In Australasia, the decrease in newsprint was lower than the previous three years at 6.1%.
Uncoated mechanical Global demand for uncoated mechanical papers declined at an average annual rate of 5.0% from 2008 to 2013. The decline in Western Europe in 2013 was only 1.6%, compared to a decline of 5.1% in the previous year. Global uncoated mechanical demand decreased by 2.8% year-to-date as of September 2014. In Sc mechanical, the decline year-to-date was highly concentrated in Western Europe (7.2%), partly driven by demand shifting to coated grades.
Coated mechanical Global demand for coated mechanical papers declined at an average annual rate of 4.4% from 2008 to 2013. In 2013, demand in Western Europe fell by 7.8%, but increased by 4.4% in Australasia. During the
92
