BUSINESS
We are a leading global publication paper company with total production capacity of 3.0 million tons at our eight mills in Europe and Australasia. We are one of the world's leading producers of newsprint and are a significant producer of magazine paper by production capacity. In Europe, we operate five mills in Norway, Germany, Austria and France with 2.3 million tons of publication paper production capacity, making us the third largest European producer of publication paper. In Australasia (which includes Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea and the neighboring islands), we operate two mills in Australia and one mill in New Zealand with 0.7 million tons of publication paper production capacity. We also operate Australasia's sole newsprint and magazine paper mills, making us a leading provider of publication paper in the region.
Our newsprint paper products include standard and improved grades, while our magazine paper products comprise uncoated super-calendared paper and light-weight coated paper. The end uses of our products are mainly newspapers and magazines, but also include catalogs, inserts/flyers, supplements, free-sheets, directories, direct mail and brochures. Our principal geographic markets for newsprint products are Europe and Australasia, while our main geographic markets for magazine paper products are Europe, Australasia and North America. We sell our products in these markets under well-known brands, including Nornews, Norbright, NorX, Norstar, Norcote, Norsc, Norbook, Vantage and Tasman Directory. Our customers include publishers of leading periodicals in Europe, Australasia and the rest of the world, and we have long-standing relationships with many of our top tier publishing clients.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2014, we estimate that our market shares, based on deliveries for newsprint and magazine paper in Europe, were approximately 13% and 7%, respectively, and that our share of sales by volume for newsprint in Australasia was approximately 83%. During the nine months ended September 30, 2014, approximately 55% of our operating revenues from the sale of publication paper in Australasia were generated from customers with whom we have long-term contractual arrangements.
Over the last five years, as a result of a strategic refocus, we have streamlined our business through a broad range of operational initiatives and investments, which we believe have positioned our business to improve its profitability and cash flow generation.
Across our Group, we have implemented continuous cost-improvement initiatives, including headcount reductions and working capital management measures, to improve our cash flow. Such measures include the increased use of receivables financings as well as our recent investment in and completion of a thermo-mechanical pulp, or TMP facility at our Saugbrugs mill, which we expect to reduce electricity costs.
In Europe, we have improved our operating portfolio, retaining our best assets while strategically reducing underperforming capacity. We sold our Follum and Parenco mills in 2012, and closed one paper machine at our Walsum mill in 2013. In Australasia, we have maintained revenue visibility and stability by amending and prolonging long-term contracts with the region's two largest consumers of publication paper, securing stable revenues for our future. At the same time, we have diversified our Australasian product mix through the addition of magazine paper production capacity at our Boyer mill, where we are now the region's sole magazine paper producer.
We expect our past investments, when coupled with our renewed focus on key customer geographies, in Europe, where our customers are concentrated in the region's four largest economies, and in Australasia, where we are the leading producer, will enable us to benefit from anticipated improvements in the market for our products. In particular, we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from any future declines in aggregate publication paper production capacity, any future increases in publication paper prices and any future improvements in publication paper mill utilization rates.
For the twelve months ended September 30, 2014, we generated NOK 12,476 million (1,509 million) of consolidated operating revenue and NOK 910 million (110 million) of consolidated EBITDA. Our Publication Paper Europe segment, our Publication Paper Australasia segment and our Other Activities segment represented 67%, 37% and -4 % , respectively, of our total consolidated EBITDA for this period.
