We typically transport our products by various means, including by sea, truck and rail. We ship products from our Norwegian mills primarily using coastline ports that are equipped with modern deep sea docks. Products from our other European mills are transported and distributed on the European continent primarily by truck and by rail. Paper produced by our operations in Australasia is mostly sold in the country in which it is produced and is generally transported by ship, truck and rail. The volume exported to Asia is transported by ship.
Health and Safety
Health and safety is the responsibility of the management at the Parent level and, ultimately, of the Chief Executive Officer, but the health and safety results of all units is monitored by our head office. All near-misses and injuries are reported via a group-wide follow up system, and experiences from each individual incident are shared throughout the organization. We conduct training and educational programs to improve health and safety conditions and reduce the frequency of workplace accidents. Most of our mills observe a strictly non-smoking policy and we implemented a standardized protection equipment program in 2014. Absence due to illness in the group in 2013 was 3.6%. Boyer, the regional office in Sydney, Tasman, Skogn, Golbey and our head office reported zero lost-time injuries in 2013.
We must comply with a number of law and regulations regarding health and safety in the countries in which we operate. In Norway, the most important law concerning health and safety is the Norwegian Employment Act, which imposes a duty on us to provide a safe and secure working environment. We have policies and procedures in place to facilitate compliance with our obligation to protect the health and safety of our employees in all of our operations in Norway, which includes consultation with employee representatives, the appointment of local HES&Q Managers and personal safety representatives in each of our operating locations, and the establishment of a working environment committee with particular duties and authorities in relation to health, security and the working environment within our operations. The Labour Inspection Authority enforces safety and environmental standards in workplaces in Norway, and the Norwegian Employment Act includes a whistle-blowing procedure, which provides employees the right to notify certain supervisory authorities or other public authorities in relation to any breaches of health and safety requirements. Corresponding laws and regulations apply to the business units in the other countries in which we operate.
Environment
We operate in an industry that is subject to extensive environmental regulation, which has become more stringent over time. The laws and regulations to which we are subject govern, among other things, water use, air emissions, wood procurement, use of recycled materials, energy sources, the storage, handling, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials, the operation of our mills (including the noise impact of our operations), the protection of the environment, natural resources and endangered species, and the remediation of environmental contamination. Our operations require us to obtain and comply with the terms and conditions of multiple environmental permits, many of which are difficult and costly to obtain and could be subject to legal challenge. Compliance with such laws and regulations at
117
an international, regional, national, provincial and local level is an important aspect of our ability to continue our operations.
Environmental standards applicable to us are established by the laws and regulations of the countries in which we operate, standards adopted by regulatory agencies and our permits and licenses, each of which is subject to periodic and increasingly stringent modifications and requirements. Violations of these laws, regulations or permits and licenses may result in substantial civil and criminal fines, penalties, and possibly orders to cease the violating operations or to conduct or pay for corrective works. In some instances, violations may also result in the suspension or revocation of permits and licenses.
