fossil fuel. The main air emissions are sulphur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide and particulate (ash and dust), in addition to carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuel.
We have developed an internal environmental index to set targets and review our work to improve our resource efficiency and reduce our emissions on a continuous basis. All our wholly-owned mills utilizing fresh fiber have third-party verified chain-of-custody certification systems in place.
As part of our environmental policy, it is our aim that all of our production units should have certified environmental management systems. At present, all of our wholly-owned mills are certified in accordance with the ISO 14001 standard of the International Organization for Standardization. In addition, our majority-owned mill operated by Malaysian Newsprint Industries Sdn. Bhd. operates in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Nevertheless, the risk of environmental infractions is inherent in our industry, and, from time to time, we have experienced minor non-compliance with such laws and regulations, or with the conditions of our emissions or other permits, and may do so again in the future.
Insurance
We have a centrally administered Global Insurance program at our head office. This program includes insurance covering property damage and business interruption, general third-party liability, directors and officers, crime and cargo. Our property damage cover provides protection at full replacement value, while the business interruption is covered for an 18-month indemnity period. We have high local focus on procedures and internal activities for preventive loss activities at every mill. In addition, in every 15 to 18 month interval, we perform a comprehensive risk audit program together with a highly qualified risk engineer from our insurer. The outcome of each individual survey audit is analyzed, and based on the resulting benchmark, we implement a best practice method for our mills in order to minimize risk.
We believe that we have obtained favorable global insurance terms and conditions for the Global Insurance program, and we are currently halfway through a three-year policy period.
Employees
As of December 31, 2013, we had 3,274 employees (excluding MNI, which had 350 permanent employees). The following table provides details of our employees by business regions (excluding MNI) for the periods indicated:
Europe........................................... South A m erica............................. Australasia.................................... A sia................................................ Corporate functions (head office)
