693 7
5,075 3,986 3,274
Our mill workers are unionized in all of the countries in which we operate. We have collective bargaining agreements in place with several different unions, which relate to employees in each of our mills. Our collective bargaining agreements typically have durations of between 12 and 24 months. We have not experienced any major strikes in recent years. In addition to trade unions, we also consult with various local, national and European works councils, which primarily fulfill advisory roles. We are required under
119
certain circumstances to consult with one or more of the works councils before proceeding with certain transactions or activities, particularly in relation to any major reorganization. We believe that we have good relationships with the unions representing our employees and the works councils. We run various pension schemes in accordance with local conditions and practices in the countries in which we operate. As of December 31,2013, the majority of current and former employees were covered by such schemes, of which many were covered by defined benefit plans, with the remainder being covered by defined contribution plans. We have unfunded pension benefit obligations, of which the obligations in relation to the Walsum pension scheme are the largest. As of September 30, 2014, December 31,2013 and December 31,2012, our net pension obligations (net unfunded pension plans less net partly or fully funded pension plans) were NOK 681 million, NOK 692 million and NOK 618 million, respectively. In 2012, the net unfunded pension obligations were restated to NOK 618 million according to amended IAS 19, mainly caused by the removal of the corridor approach for actuarial gains and losses. The comparable figures in previous years are not restated due to divestment of subsidiaries. Legal Proceedings In the ordinary course of our business we are party to a number of legal proceedings. None of these proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on us or our financial condition, taking into account insurance coverage and provisions made for potential exposures.
120
DIRECTORS, MANAGEMENT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors
Our Board of Directors is made up of seven to ten members who serve one-year terms. Our Board of Directors currently has eight voting members. Our employees elect three of the members of the Board of Directors and our shareholders elect the rest through the general meeting of shareholders (the ``General Meeting''). In addition, our employees nominate three deputy members who may act as designates of the members of the Board of Directors nominated by the employees. The following table sets out the name, age and the year of initial appointment for each of the members of the Board of Directors as of the date of these listing particulars:
