We continue to focus on the implementation of a variety of improvement initiatives and the identification of new sources of efficiency. We achieved total cost reductions of NOK 351 million (45 million) during the nine months ended September 30, 2014. Some of our most successful ongoing improvement initiatives include operational and logistical enhancements at our Saugbrugs, Golbey and Albury mills as a result of reduced usage of chemicals and improved energy balance.
Over the past four years, we have continued to maintain strong cash flows prior to reflecting our debt service payments despite industry revenue declines. We have been able to bolster our cash flow generation by reducing our fixed cost base, improving our management of working capital and selectively selling assets.
Our strong focus on working capital management has resulted in an efficient and industry-leading working capital management system, as reflected by our reduced inventories and improved control of
5
accounts receivable. We have reduced our working capital positions from NOK 2,094 million (270 million) as of December 31, 2011 to NOK 769 million (92 million) as of December 31, 2013.
We believe that we have completed our major development capital expenditures and do not anticipate any substantial development investment programs in the near to medium-term. In recent years, maintenance capital expenditure requirements at our eight mills have remained relatively low and manageable, with capital expenditures of NOK 150 million (20 million) and NOK 151 million (19 million) for the years ended December 31,2012 and 2013, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2014, we spent NOK 112 million (14 million) on maintenance capital expenditures. In addition, we have completed various one-time restructuring initiatives that negatively impacted our cash flows in recent years.
The combination of our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, efficient management of working capital and the sale of certain assets has contributed to our strong free cash flow generation. In particular, cash conversion, which is defined as EBITDA less changes in working capital and gross capital expenditures divided by EBITDA, was 44%, 98% and 58% for the years ended December 31,2011,2012 and 2013, respectively, and 80% for the twelve months ended September 30, 2014. Furthermore, we believe the completion of our development capital expenditures and one-time restructuring programs will position us to benefit from attractive cash flow conversion going forward. Excluding development capital expenditures, such as investments in our Boyer and Tasman mills, our cash conversion for the years ended December 31,2011,2012 and 2013 would have been 52%, 120% and 103%, respectively, and 102% for the twelve months ended September 30, 2014.
Strong collateral
The Senior Secured Notes will benefit from robust credit support, which will include senior Guarantees from our primary subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors), the parent companies of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer (the Parent Guarantors) and Security Interests (as defined below) over our principal revenue generating assets or security over the shares in the entities that own such revenue generating assets. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Guarantors generated 108% of the Group's consolidated EBITDA, and as of December 31, 2014, held 89% of the Group's total assets, defined as total assets from all Group entities minus intercompany receivables and intercompany shares. Senior Secured Noteholders will receive share pledges over the issued share capital of each of Norske Treindustrier AS, the Exchange Notes Issuer, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, Norske Skog Walsum GmbH and Lysaker Invest AS. In addition, subject to the exclusion of certain assets and subject to certain prior-ranking security interests in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles (as defined below), the Senior Secured Notes will be secured by Security Interests to be granted under a general security deed (the equivalent of a fixed and floating charge) over the assets held by Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited, Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited and Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited (together, the ``Australian Guarantors'') and Norske Skog Tasman Limited (the ``New Zealand Guarantor'') which, for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, generated 33.1% of the Group's consolidated EBITDA, and as of September 30, 2014, held 34.3% of the Group's total assets. In addition, the Senior Secured Notes will be secured by all intercompany loans and receivables (excluding receivables relating to the Parent's cash pooling arrangements) owed to the Parent Guarantors, Norske Skog Shared Services AS, Lysaker AS, Norske Skog Eiendom AS, Norske Skog Kraft AS, nsiFocus AS, Wood and Logistics AS, Norske Skog Walsum GmbH, Norske Skog Holdings AG and Norske Skog Property AS, Norske Skog Overseas Holdings AS and NS Industries Canada Ltd. (together, without the Parent Guarantors, each an ``Excluded Entity'') by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or any of the restricted subsidiaries of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.
