The following is a brief biography of each member of the Board:
Jarle Roth has served as the chairman of our Board of Directors since 2014. Since 2012, Mr. Roth has held the position as Chief Executive Officer of Eksportkreditt Norge AS. Mr. Roth currently serves as the vice chairman of the board of Ekornes ASA. Mr. Roth graduated from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH, Norway) in 1987 with a Master of Science. Mr. Roth has previously held positions as the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Umoe Gruppen AS and President and Chief Executive Officer of Unitor ASA.
Jon-Aksel Torgersen
Jon-Aksel Torgersen has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2012. Since 1992, Mr. Torgersen has held the position of Chief Executive Officer of Astrup Fearnley AS, and since 2001, the position of Chief Executive Officer of Vergjedalsbruket AS (merged with Astrup Fearnley AS in December 2014, with Mr. Torgersen as Chief Executive Officer). Mr. Torgersen currently serves as chairman of the board of Atlantic Container Line AB, Fearnleys AS, Fearnleys Asia Singapore PTE. LTD., Rodskog Shipbrokers LTD., Finnlines Plc, Fearnley Offshore AS, Fearnley Offshore Supply AS, Fearnley Securities AS, Fearnley Finans AS, Libra Fearnley Energy A/S, Fearngas PTE.LTD (Singapore) and Fiducia AS, and as a board member of I.M. Skaugen SE, Awilco LNG, AS Meraker Brug, Fearnley Advisors AS, Investment Committee Transportation Recovery Fund and Foundation Thomas Fearnley, Heddy and Nils Astrup. Mr. Torgersen graduated from the University of St. Gallen (Switzerland) in 1975 with a Master of Business Administration.
Siri Beate Hatlen
Siri Beate Hatlen has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2012. Ms. Hatlen previously held positions as Chief Executive Officer of Oslo University Hospital from 2009 to 2011 and Executive Vice President of Statkraft AS from 2007 to 2009. Ms. Hatlen currently serves as chair of the board of Entra ASA, Sevan Marine ASA, Youth Olympics Lillehammer 2016, The Norwegian Board of Technology, Norwegian University of Life Science and DNT Oslo&Omegn and as a board member of Eksportkreditt Norge AS, Kitron ASA, Norwegian Glacier Museum and Nobel Peace Center. Ms. Hatlen graduated from NTH (now NTNU, Norway) with a Master of Process Engineering in 1980 and received an MBA from INSEAD (France) in 1991.
121
Karin Bing Orgland
Karin Bing Orgland has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2014. Ms. Orgland currently serves as chairman of the board of the Norwegian Export Credit Guarantee Agency (GIEK) and Røisheim Hotell AS. Ms. Orgland previously held different management positions within the DNB group, including the position as Group Executive Vice President with the responsibility for Retail Banking (including Personal and Corporate Banking) from 2009 to 2013. She served as the chairman of the board of DnB Finans AS from 2007 to 2011 and as a member of the board of DnB Liv / Vital ASA from 2011 to 2013. Ms. Orgland also serves as a board member of Grieg Seafood ASA, Norwegian Finans Holding ASA, HAV Eiendom AS, INI A/S, Røisheim Eiendom AS and Berghammeren AS. Ms. Orgland graduated from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH, Norway) in 1982 with a Master of Business Administration.
