Karin Bing Orgland
Eilif Due
Eilif Due has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2012. Mr. Due previously held positions in various North Sea oil platform projects. Mr. Due currently serves as chairman of the board of Allskog SA, Hoff SA and as board member of Arcus AS, Vectura AS and of Norsk Landbrukssamvirke (the Norwegian agricultural co-operative). Mr. Due graduated from NTH (now NTNU, Norway) with a Master of Science in 1977 and from the Norwegian Business School (BI, Norway) with a foundation program in business administration in 1982.
Paul Kristiansen
Paul Kristiansen has served as an employee representative on our Board of Directors since 2009 and on the board of Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS since 2011. Mr. Kristiansen serves as the chairman of the Issuer's Saugbrugs Works Council and Norwegian Work Council, and is also the secretary of the Issuer's European Works Council and a member of the Issuer's Global Works Council. Mr. Kristiansen is a member of the section council and a member of the control committee of the Norwegian United Federation of Trade Unions. Mr. Kristiansen also serves as a municipal council member in Halden municipal (Labour Party) and as a member of the board of the pension fund for Halden municipal.
Svein Erik Veie
Svein Erik Veie has served as an employee representative on our Board of Directors since 2010 and of the board of directors of Norske Skog Skogn AS since 2011. Mr. Veie has been employed in various positions at Norske Skog Skogn AS from 1996 to 2008. Mr. Veie currently serves as Norske Skog Skogn AS' employee representative for the members of the labor union Fellesforbundet, and is also a member of the central union board. Mr. Veie has since 2011 served as a municipal council member in Levanger municipal (Labour Party) and as the deputy chairman of the plan and development committee in Levanger municipal. Mr. Veie currently is also the fourth deputy board member of the board of Innherred renovasjon and the meeting deputy board member of the Labour Party in Nord Trøndelag.
Kjetil Bakkan
Kjetil Bakkan has served as an employee representative on our Board of Directors since 2012. Mr. Bakkan has held the position of Senior Purchaser at our Skogn mill since 2013 and has served as an employee representative and chairman in the local department of the Norwegian Engineers and Managers Association (FLT-LO) union since 2012. Mr. Bakkan is also chairman of the Lyshagen shop, a member of the Issuer's Norwegian Works Council and a professional associate judge in the regional District Court and Court of Appeal.
