As described in ` `U se o f P r o c e e d s " , we will use the proceeds of the Notes, together with cash on hand, to facilitate a discounted exchange for the Existing Notes.
On May 15, 2009, we entered into two facility agreements with substantially identical terms with Innovasjon Norge for an aggregate amount of NOK 250 million. The facilities are used for general corporate purposes. We are the only borrower under each facility.
As of September 30, 2014, the aggregate amount outstanding under the facilities was NOK 165 million. The final maturity date of each facility is June 10, 2021. The interest rate for borrowings under each facility is a commercial floating rate of interest which may be adjusted unilaterally by Innovasjon Norge from time to time with a one week notice period.
Each facility contains customary undertakings, subject in each case to certain customary exceptions and materiality thresholds, including, among others, restrictions on disposals of assets, dividends, change of business, loans and acquisitions, and restrictions on subsidiary indebtedness and guarantees. Each facility also restricts us and each of our subsidiaries from granting security over assets or revenue (negative pledge).
We will secure approximately 10 million of our obligations under the facilities by granting a first lien security interest over certain assets of Norske Skog Skogn and, if required, Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS. Certain companies will provide guarantees for approximately 10 million of the facilities.
SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS Factoring Agreements
On November 25, 2013, each of our subsidiaries Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS entered into separate factoring agreements with SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS. The terms of the two factoring agreements are identical. The factoring agreements expire on November 30, 2016; however, the parties may agree to prolong the term of the agreements.
Pursuant to the factoring agreements, each of the subsidiaries is obliged, during the term of the applicable factoring agreement, to immediately and continually (on a daily basis) transfer any and all eligible receivables (as specified in each of the factoring agreements) to SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS. The factoring agreements are entered into on a limited recourse basis, which means that SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS will only have the right to seek recovery under the receivables transferred to SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS from time to time during the term of the factoring agreements, and will not have the right to recover directly from Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS, respectively, or any of their assets, with respect to any outstanding credit owed under the purchased receivables.
All receivables (present and future) subject to the factoring agreements are assigned to SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS as security for any breach of any of the representations and warranties provided by Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS, respectively, under the factoring agreements. In this regard, floating charges of trade receivables have been registered with the Norwegian Register of Mortgaged Movable Property in the amount of NOK 250 million in respect of Norske Skog Saugbruks AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS. Additionally, the service accounts for the receivables under the factoring arrangements are pledged to, and blocked in favor of, SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS.
