The development of the TMP operations commenced on October 1,2012 and are scheduled to be fully completed on December 1,2014. The grant is conditional upon the TMP operations contributing to the production of 70,200,000 kWh per year in domestic environment-friendly energy production and/or savings. Measurements to determine compliance will begin effective January 1,2015. In the event that the project at completion fails to provide the anticipated energy savings set out in the grant letter, Enova can withdraw a corresponding amount of the grant and potentially request repayment of certain monies
disbursed to Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS. Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS has not granted any security for Enova's potential claim for repayment of part of the grant, which means that any such claim would rank p a r i p a s s u with all other unsecured claims against Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS.
Tasmanian Government Loan
On December 20, 2012, the government of the State of Tasmania entered into a loan agreement (the ``Tasmanian Government Loan'') with Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited to provide a commitment of up to AU$13.0 million in loans under the Tasmanian Development Act of 1983. The Tasmanian Government Loan was granted to assist in funding the conversion of Boyer PM2 from a machine which manufactured standard newsprint to one which manufactures lightweight coated paper. Under the terms of the Tasmanian Government Loan, Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited is obligated to make quarterly payments on drawn amounts at an interest rate set in accordance with local government lending rates. In the event the full amount is drawn, the Parent is obligated to pay AU$1.31 million each quarter until the drawn amount is repaid.
To secure its obligations to the State of Tasmania under the Tasmanian Government Loan, Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited has granted a security deed to the State of Tasmania providing: (1) a profit a prendre (the ``Profit a Prendre'') in respect of 333 land titles (the ``Profit a Prendre Land'') which permits the State of Tasmania to harvest forestry assets growing thereon (which has been registered on the Australian Personal Property Securities Register); (2) a mortgage and charge over the trees (the ``Trees'') comprising the softwood tree plantation growing on the Profit a Prendre Land and the proceeds thereof (which mortgage and charge has been registered on the Australian Personal Property Securities Register); and (3) a mortgage and charge over other land corresponding to 29 land titles (the ``Other Land'') not included in the Profit a Prendre Land (which has been registered with the Tasmanian Land Titles Office) (the Trees and the Other Land, collectively, the ``Tasmanian Secured Property''). The security deed granting the Profit a Prendre and the corresponding security over the Trees and the Other Land will be released when all moneys and all obligations due to the State of Tasmania are repaid or performed. The Parent currently expects to repay all obligations to the State of Tasmania by January 2017. Upon repayment of the Tasmanian Government Loan, a first-ranking Security Interest will be granted over the Tasmanian Secured Property to secure our obligations under the Senior Secured Notes.
Bis Industries Limited Services Agreement
On February 9, 2009, Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited entered into a services agreement (the ``Services Agreement'') with Bis Industries Limited (``Bis'') for the provision of woodchipping services. Under the terms of the Service Agreement, Bis agreed to provide woodchipping services at the Boyer mill site for a duration of 15 years from the date of completion of construction of a woodchipping facility at the Boyer mill site which Bis would lease from Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited. Finalization of the site occurred in late 2008. To secure its obligations under the Services Agreement, Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited granted mortgages with respect to 310 tracts of the Profit and Prendre Land in favor of Bis. These mortgages are registered with the Tasmanian Land Titles Office and state that they will be released once the obligations of Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited under the Services Agreement terminate and all moneys owed to Bis have been paid in full. The Senior Secured Notes will be secured by a second-ranking Security Interest in all of the land in Tasmania secured under the the mortgages pledged to Bis pursuant to the Services Agreement, which second-ranking Security Interest will become a first-ranking Security Interest upon repayment of the amounts due to Bis if such repayment occurs prior to the maturity of the Notes.
Bibby Invoice Discounting Facility
In November 2014, Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited entered into a formal offer with Bibby Financial Services (``Bibby'') for an invoice discounting facility in relation to the Vantage sales pursuant to which Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited's receivables attributable to its Vantage business will be sold to Bibby (which sale will be permitted under the terms of the General Security Deed). The initial funding limit has been set at AU$9.5 million. Under the terms of the offer, Bibby will provide an initial payment of up to 85% of approved debtors. To secure certain of Norske Skog (Australasia) Limited's obligations under the documentation, it is proposed that Norske Skog (Australasia) Limited provides a first-ranking security over the remainder of its present and future receivables. Such obligations will be primarily obligations arising as a result of a breach of warranty or undertaking by Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty
