Bibby Invoice Discounting Facility
131
Limited in relation to the receivables. Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited will also grant a limited guarantee. Norske Skog (Australasia) Limited has paid the application fee and returned a signed copy of the offer to Bibby to indicate its acceptance of the terms set out in the offer.
We anticipate that definitive documentation relating to this facility will be executed in early 2015. The Senior Secured Notes will be secured by a second-ranking security interest over Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited's non-Vantage receivables which are subject to prior-ranking security under the factoring arrangements.
News Limited Newsprint Supply and Recovered Paper Agreement
In 2013, Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited, Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited and News Limited entered into an agreement for the supply by Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited of paper products to News Limited in Australia and the purchase by Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited of News Limited's recovered paper at a percentage of the price at which it was supplied. For a duration of seven years from October 1,2013, Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited agrees to supply and deliver paper products to News Limited. News Limited is required to purchase a minimum quantity of paper products from Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited during each contract year. If Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited supplies newsprint to other major Australian newspapers at a more favorable price, the agreement includes a mechanism for price-matching. Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited must purchase recovered paper from News Limited on terms no less favorable than those offered to third parties (including Fairfax Media Limited). In addition, certain payments aggregating AU$22.6 million were payable under the agreement by News Limited to Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited, referable to prior contractual arrangements. These payments are required to be applied by Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited to Australian manufacturing cost reduction initiatives during the first three years of the agreement. Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited was required to grant, or procure the grant of, a first ranking mortgage or other appropriate security interest in favor of News Limited in respect of these amounts, reducing in accordance with an amortization schedule set out in the agreement. Two mortgages have been granted by Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited to secure Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited's obligations under this agreement, both of which have been registered. One of the mortgages is in respect of land on which effluent from the mill is discharged under the Green Offset Scheme discussed above. At September 30, 2014, the unamortized amount secured by the mortgages was AU$11.9 million, which will reduce to nil by June 30, 2015. Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited is required to repay the unamortization portion of these amounts upon the occurrence of an insolvency event, a termination right arising in favor of News Limited and certain other limited circumstances.
The Senior Secured Notes will be secured by a second-ranking Security Interest in all of the land in New South Wales secured under the mortgages pledged to News Limited, which second-ranking Security Interest will become a first-ranking Security Interest upon repayment of Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited's obligations under the agreement in July 2015.
Performance Obligations
Certain of the Australian Guarantors have also entered into a number of agreements which (while not strictly creating financial indebtedness) impose certain performance obligations. These include guarantees in respect of payment obligations under delivery contracts, minimum supply obligations in respect of paper products supplied to certain of their customers and an obligation to continue to operate the converted magazine paper machine at the Boyer mill for a period of two years following the completion of the machine conversion in 2013.
