The prolonged ramp-up of the new magazine paper machine at Boyer in Australia was completed. During full year 2014, the ramp-up had a significant negative impact on gross operating earnings. With operations now running in accordance with the investment plan, and assuming this will continue, the new magazine paper machine at Boyer should contribute significantly towards gross operating earnings for full year 2015.
The lower oil price is also a direct positive for the Group, given the energy intensity in production of paper from virgin fiber. The positive effect is somewhat mitigated by the Group's long-term energy contracts. However, the low oil price could possibly in addition bring indirect positive effects on other input factors, such as chemicals, which to a large degree are oil derivatives.
A number of substantial capacity closures in the publication paper industry were announced in the quarter. Price support is thus expected into the second half of 2015, when the announced closures are completed and the paper is no longer in the market.
We repaid the remaining NOK 185 million (22 million) principal amount of our Norwegian 5.40% Senior Notes due 2014 on October 24, 2014.
Fourth Quarter 2014
The developments described above had limited impact on the Group's fourth quarter of 2014 operating results due to lag effects. Preliminary year-end reporting based on internal management accounts indicate revenue of somewhat above NOK 3 billion and gross operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2014 broadly in-line with the third quarter of 2014 at approximately NOK 200 million. The effects of portfolio changes, and a reduction in provision for environmental obligations in the fourth quarter of 2013, limit the meaningfulness of a year over year comparison.
Publication Paper Europe
Revenue and volumes were relatively stable from the third quarter of 2014 to the fourth quarter of 2014. The weakness in Magazine Paper continued because of low industry operating rates with capacity reductions announced, but not yet completed in the quarter. Magazine Paper thus adversely impacted gross operating earnings, while Newsprint was more stable with a higher operating rate in the industry prior to the announced closures. The depreciation of NOK to a large degree occurred late in the quarter, and thus did not have a meaningful impact on the fourth quarter 2014 operating result.
Publication Paper Australasia
