· you have had an opportunity to request any additional information that you need from us; and
In addition, none of us, the Initial Purchasers or any of our or their respective representatives is making any representation to you regarding the legality of an investment in the Notes or the Guarantees, and we are not providing you with any legal, business, tax or other advice in these listing particulars. You should consult with your own advisors as needed to assist you in making your investment decision and to advise you on whether you are legally permitted to purchase the Notes or the Guarantees.
These listing particulars do not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes or the Guarantees in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or invitation. You must comply with all laws that apply to you in any place in which you buy, offer or sell any Notes or Guarantees or possess these listing particulars. You must also obtain any consents or approvals that you need in order to purchase any Notes or Guarantees. We and the Initial Purchasers are not responsible for your compliance with these legal requirements.
We are offering the Notes and the Guarantees in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. These exemptions apply to offers and sales of securities that do not involve a public offering. The Notes and the Guarantees have not been recommended by any U.S. federal, state or any non-U.S. securities authorities, nor have any such authorities determined that these listing particulars is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense in certain countries.
The Notes and the Guarantees are subject to restrictions on resale and transfer as described under ``Transfer Restrictions'' and ``Plan of Distribution.'' By purchasing any Notes or Guarantees, you will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments, representations and agreements as described in those sections of these listing particulars. You may be required to bear the financial risks of investing in the Notes or the Guarantees for an indefinite period of time.
Neither the delivery of these listing particulars at any time after the date of publication nor any subsequent commitment to purchase the Notes or the Guarantees shall, under any circumstances, create an implication that there has been no change in the information set forth in these listing particulars or in our business since the date of these listing particulars.
i
The Initial Purchasers make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in these listing particulars. Nothing contained in these listing particulars is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation by the Initial Purchasers as to the past or future. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Initial Purchasers do not accept any responsibility for the contents of these listing particulars or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Issuer or any Guarantor in connection with the Offering. The Initial Purchasers accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which they might otherwise have in respect of these listing particulars or any such statement. The Initial Purchasers do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or any Guarantor during the life of the Notes and the Guarantees or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes or the Guarantees of any information coming to the attention of the Initial Purchasers.
We reserve the right to withdraw the Offering pursuant to these listing particulars at any time. We are making the Offering subject to the terms described in these listing particulars and the purchase agreement relating to the Notes (the ``Purchase Agreement''). We and the Initial Purchasers may, for any reason, reject any offer to purchase the Notes or the Guarantees in whole or in part, sell less than the entire principal amount of the Notes or the Guarantees offered hereby or allocate to any purchaser less than all of the Notes or the Guarantees for which it has subscribed.
