 a AU$9.5 million (NOK 53.4 million) factoring facility available through 2017 to our Australasian mills operations, Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited.
Secured Notes on a senior secured basis, subject to the restrictions and limitations contained herein. The Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the Guarantors provided, subject to the restrictions and limitations contained herein and in the Agreed Security Principles, first-priority pledges of the capital stock of Norske Treindustrier AS, the Exchange Notes Issuer, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, Norske Skog Walsum GmbH, Lysaker Invest AS and certain other assets of the Subsidiary Guarantors as more specifically described under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Security'' to secure the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's and the Guarantors' obligations under the Senior Secured Notes. Certain future bank facilities and hedging obligations (if any) may be secured and guaranteed on the same basis as the Senior Secured Notes in accordance with the terms of the intercreditor agreement, dated on or about the Issue Date, among the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Security Agent and the Trustee (the " Intercreditor Agreement''). Additionally, certain commercial and financial obligations of a number of Subsidiary Guarantors are secured over particular assets on a firstpriority basis. In the event of enforcement of the Security Interests, the obligations under any such priority hedging obligations entered into for bona fide hedging purposes and not for speculative purposes or first-priority commercial and financial obligations may be satisfied in full before any payment can be made under the Senior Secured Notes. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness." The Senior Secured Notes are secured by a pledge of the capital stock of Norske Treindustrier AS, the Exchange Notes Issuer, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, Norske Skog Walsum GmbH and Lysaker Invest AS and certain other Collateral as of the Escrow Release Date. Certain security interests with respect to the real property of the Australian Guarantors will be registered no later than 90 days after the Escrow Release Date. The Collateral does not include the Excluded Assets (as defined herein) of the Subsidiary Guarantors and the assets of our operating subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Senior Secured Notes as described under ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and the Security Interests--Australia--Australian Securities'' ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security.'' (6) Represents the Exchange Notes issued by the Exchange Notes Issuer to holders of the Parent's Existing Notes pursuant to the Proposed Exchange Offers. (7) The Parent holds 100% of the share capital of the Guarantor Subsidiaries, with the exception of Norske Skog Bruck GmbH, for which the Parent holds 99.9% of the share capital.
12
The Offering
The following summary of the Offering contains basic information about the Senior Secured Notes, the Exchange Notes, the Guarantees and the Security Interests. It is not intended to be complete and it is subject to important limitations and exceptions. For a more complete understanding of the Notes, the Guarantees and the Security Interests, including certain definitions of terms used in this summary, see ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes" and ``Description of the Exchange Notes" .
Senior Secured Notes Issuer. . . . . Norske Skog AS, a private limited company organized under the laws of Norway.
Exchange Notes Is s u e r.............. . . Norske Skog Holding AS, a private limited company organized under the laws of Norway.
Notes O ffe re d ............................... . . 290,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 11.75% senior secured notes due 2019 issued by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture.
159,017,000 aggregate principal amount of 8.00% senior notes due 2021 issued by the Exchange Notes Issuer under the Exchange Notes Indenture.
