Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``144A Global Notes''), and Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Reg S Global Notes'' and together with the 144A Global Notes, the ``Global Notes'').
Book-Entry Interests in each 144A Global Note, may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the applicable Reg S Global Note, only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
Book-Entry Interests in each Reg S Global Note may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the applicable 144A Global Note only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a ``qualified institutional buyer'' within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under ` `T ra n s fe r R e s tric tio n s " and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction.
Any Book-Entry Interest that is transferred as described in the immediately preceding paragraphs will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note from which it was transferred and will become a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note to which it was transferred. Accordingly, from and after such transfer, it will become subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in the Global Note to which it was transferred.
If Definitive Registered Notes are issued, they will be issued only in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, upon receipt by the applicable Registrar of instructions relating thereto and any certificates and other documentation required by the Indenture. It is expected that such instructions will be based upon directions received by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, from the participant which owns the relevant Book-Entry Interests. Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest will, except as set forth in the Indenture or as otherwise determined by the Issuer in compliance with applicable law, be subject to, and will have a legend with respect to, the restrictions on transfer summarized below and described more fully under ``Transfer R e s tric tio n s " .
Subject to the restrictions on transfer referred to above, Notes issued as Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred or exchanged, in whole or in part, in minimum denominations of 100,000 in principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, to persons who take delivery thereof in the
166
form of Definitive Registered Notes. In connection with any such transfer or exchange, the Indenture will require the transferring or exchanging holder to, among other things, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, furnish information regarding the account of the transferee at Euroclear or Clearstream, where appropriate, furnish certain certificates and opinions and pay any Taxes in connection with such transfer or exchange. Any such transfer or exchange will be made without charge to the holder, other than any Taxes payable in connection with such transfer or exchange.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer is not required to register the transfer of any Definitive Registered Notes:
