Notwithstanding the above, Security Interests with respect to real property of the Australian Guarantors will be registered no later than 90 days after the Escrow Release Date.
R e la te d to the N o te s a n d the G uarantees-- F ra u d u le n t c o n ve ya n ce law s a n d o th e r lim ita tio n s on the e n fo rc e a b ility a n d
16
the amount of the Guarantees and the Security Interests may adversely affect their validity and enforceability" .
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the holders of the Senior Secured Notes will receive proceeds from enforcement of the Collateral only after certain super-senior priority obligations, including certain future hedging obligations permitted by the Indenture, have been repaid. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement" .
The Security Interests may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit their validity and enforceability. For more information on the Security Interests granted, see ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Security" and for more information on potential limitations to the Security Interests, see ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and the Security Interests' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees" .
The Security Interests may be released under certain circumstances. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Collateral-- There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge of the Notes under which the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes will be released automatically, without your consent or the Trustee or the Security Agent obtaining your further consent" ``Description of Other Indebtedness-- Intercreditor Agreement" and ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security--Release of Liens" .
The Exchange Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors and will not benefit from any security granted in favor of the Senior Secured Notes. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness" .
Use of P ro ceeds...............................
