(1) has no Indebtedness other than Non-Recourse Debt;
220
(3) is a Person with respect to which neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Restricted Subsidiary has any direct or indirect obligation (a) to subscribe for additional Equity Interests or (b) to maintain or preserve such Person's financial condition or to cause such Person to achieve any specified levels of operating results.
``Voting Stock'' of any specified Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. ``Weighted Average Life to Maturity'' means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (1) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining installment,
sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect of the Indebtedness, by (b) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (2) the then outstanding principal amounts of such Indebtedness.
221
DESCRIPTION OF THE EXCHANGE NOTES
Norske Skog Holding AS (the ``Exchange Notes Issuer'') will issue the Exchange Notes (as defined below) under an indenture (the ``Exchange Notes Indenture'') among the Exchange Notes Issuer, Norske Skogindustrier ASA (the ``Parent Guarantor''), Norske Treindustrier AS (the ``First Intermediate Parent Guarantor'' and, together with the Parent Guarantor and the First Intermediate Parent Guarantor, the ``Parent Guarantors''), the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined herein), and Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as trustee (the ``Trustee'') in a private transaction that is not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ``U.S. Securities Act''). Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this ``D e s c r ip tio n o f th e E x c h a n g e N o te s " to the Exchange Notes include the Exchange Notes and any Additional Exchange Notes (as defined herein) that are issued. The terms of the Exchange Notes include those set forth in the Exchange Notes Indenture. The Exchange Notes Indenture will not incorporate or include any of the provisions of the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
The Exchange Notes Indenture will be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined herein) and any Additional Intercreditor Agreements (as defined below). The terms of the Intercreditor Agreement are important to understanding the relative ranking of indebtedness, the ability to make payments in respect of indebtedness, procedures for undertaking enforcement action, subordination of certain indebtedness, turnover obligations, and release of Exchange Note Guarantees (as defined herein). See ``D e s c r ip tio n o f O th e r In d e b te d n e s s -- In te r c r e d ito r A g r e e m e n t" for a description of the material terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
