Norske Skog Holding AS (the ``Exchange Notes Issuer'') will issue the Exchange Notes (as defined below) under an indenture (the ``Exchange Notes Indenture'') among the Exchange Notes Issuer, Norske Skogindustrier ASA (the ``Parent Guarantor''), Norske Treindustrier AS (the ``First Intermediate Parent Guarantor'' and, together with the Parent Guarantor and the First Intermediate Parent Guarantor, the ``Parent Guarantors''), the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined herein), and Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as trustee (the ``Trustee'') in a private transaction that is not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ``U.S. Securities Act''). Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this ``D e s c r ip tio n o f th e E x c h a n g e N o te s " to the Exchange Notes include the Exchange Notes and any Additional Exchange Notes (as defined herein) that are issued. The terms of the Exchange Notes include those set forth in the Exchange Notes Indenture. The Exchange Notes Indenture will not incorporate or include any of the provisions of the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
This ` `D e s c r ip tio n o f th e E x c h a n g e N o te s " is intended to be an overview of the material provisions of the Exchange Notes and the Exchange Notes Indenture and refers to the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined herein). Since this description of the terms of the Exchange Notes is only a summary, you should refer to the Exchange Notes, the Exchange Notes Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement for complete descriptions of the obligations of the Exchange Notes Issuer and the Guarantors and your rights.
Certain defined terms used in this description but not defined below under ``-- C e rta in D e fin itio n s " have the meanings assigned to them in the Exchange Notes Indenture. You can find the definitions of certain terms used in this description under the subheading ``--C e rta in D e fin itio n s " . In this description, the term ``Exchange Notes Issuer'' refers only to Norske Skog Holding AS, and not to any of its Subsidiaries.
The registered holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. Only registered holders will have rights under the Exchange Notes Indenture.
Brief Description of the Exchange Notes
The Exchange Notes
The Exchange Notes will, upon issuance:
· be general unsecured senior obligations of the Exchange Notes Issuer;
· rank p a r i p a s s u in right of payment with any existing and future Indebtedness of the Exchange Notes Issuer that is not subordinated in right of payment to the Exchange Notes;
