17
At any time prior to February 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may on one or more occasions redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes, using the net proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 111.75% of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption; provided that at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes remains outstanding after the redemption. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Optional Redemption.''
The Exchange Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Exchange Notes at any time on or after February 24, 2018 at the redemption prices described under ``Description of the Exchange Notes-- Optional Redemption,'' in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption.
Prior to February 24, 2018, the Exchange Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Exchange Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, plus the applicable ``make-whole'' premium.
Additional Amounts; Tax Redem ption....................................
All payments in respect of the Notes or with respect to any Guarantees will be made without withholding or deduction for any taxes or other governmental charges, except to the extent required by law. If withholding or deduction is required by law, subject to certain exceptions, the Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or other payor, as applicable, will pay additional amounts so that the net amount you receive is no less than that which you would have received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Additional Amounts'' and ``Description of the Exchange Notes--Additional Amounts" . The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, upon giving prior notice, if certain changes in tax law impose certain withholding taxes on amounts payable on the Notes, and, as a result, the Issuer or a Guarantor is required to pay additional amounts with respect to such withholding taxes. If the Issuer decides to exercise such redemption right, it must pay you a price equal to the principal amount of the Notes plus interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Optional Redemption-- Redemption for Changes in Taxes" .
Change of Control.............................
If the Parent experiences a change of control, the Issuer will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at 101% of their principal amounts plus accrued interest to the date of such repurchase. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Repurchase at the Option of Holders-- Change of Control" and ``Description of the Exchange Notes--Repurchase at the Option of Holders-- Change of Control" .
Certain Covenants .......................... The Senior Secured Notes Issuer will issue the Senior Secured Notes under an indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes
