Interest on the 2021 Notes accrues at the rate of 8.00% per annum and interest on the 2023 Notes accrues at the rate of 8.00% per annum. Interest on the Exchange Notes are payable semi-annually in arrears on February 24 and August 24, commencing on August 24, 2015. Interest on overdue principal and interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, will accrue at a rate that is 1% higher than the interest rate on the Exchange Notes. The Exchange Notes Issuer will make each interest payment to the holders of record on the immediately preceding February 9 and August 9.
Interest on the Exchange Notes will accrue from the date of original issuance or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Exchange Notes
The Exchange Notes Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a ``Paying Agent'') for the Exchange Notes in the City of London . The Exchange Notes Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the Pre-Expansion European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended from time to time) or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of November 26 and 27, 2000 on the taxation of savings income, or any law implementing, or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such directive. The initial Paying Agent will be Citibank, N.A., London Branch in London.
The Exchange Notes Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ``Registrar'') with offices in London. The Exchange Notes Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent in London. The initial Registrar will be Citibank, N.A., London Branch. The initial transfer agent will be Citibank, N.A., London Branch. The Registrar and the transfer agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of Definitive Registered Notes on the behalf of the Exchange Notes Issuer.
The Exchange Notes Issuer may change the Paying Agents, the Registrars or the transfer agents without prior notice to the holders. For so long as the Exchange Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Exchange Notes Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the L u x e m b u rg e r W o rt) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Exchange Note Guarantees
General
The obligations of the Exchange Notes Issuer pursuant to the Exchange Notes, including any payment obligation resulting from a Change of Control, will be guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured senior subordinated unsecured basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors. The obligations of the Exchange Notes Issuer pursuant to the Exchange Notes will be guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by the Parent Guarantors.
