``Subsidiary Guarantors'' means the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, Norske Skog Bruck GmbH, Norske Skog Golbey SAS, Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited, Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited, Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited, Norske Skog Saubrugs AS, Norske Skog Skogn AS and Norske Skog Tasman Limited, and any other Guarantor other than the Parent Guarantors.
``Taxes'' and ``Taxation'' shall be construed to have corresponding meanings.
``Treasury Rate'' means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) which has become publicly available at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such statistical release is not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market date selected by the Exchange Notes Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to February 24, 2018; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to February 24, 2018 is not equal to the constant maturity of a U.S. Treasury security for which a weekly average yield is given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained by a linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of U.S. Treasury securities for which such yields are given, except that if the period from the redemption date to February 24, 2018 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
``U.S. Exchange Act'' means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
``U.S. Government Obligations'' means direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the United States of America, and the payment for which the United States pledges its full faith and credit.
``U.S. Securities Act'' means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
``Unrestricted Subsidiary'' means any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor (other than the Exchange Notes Issuer or any successor to the Exchange Notes Issuer) that is designated by the Board of Directors of the Parent Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors but only to the extent that such Subsidiary:
(1) has no Indebtedness other than Non-Recourse Debt;
(2) except as permitted by the covenant described above under the caption ``-- C e rta in C o v e n a n ts -- T ra n s a c tio n s w ith A ffilia te s " , is not party to any agreement, contract, arrangement or understanding with the Parent Guarantor or any Restricted Subsidiary unless the terms of any such agreement, contract, arrangement or understanding are no less favorable to the Parent Guarantor or such Restricted Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons who are not Affiliates of the Parent Guarantor; and
