All Book-Entry Interests will be subject to the operations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. The Temporary Notes Issuer and the Issuer provide the following summaries of those operations and procedures solely for the convenience of investors. The operations and procedures of each settlement system are controlled by that settlement system and may be changed at any time. None of the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer or any of the Initial Purchasers is responsible for those operations or procedures.
Euroclear and Clearstream have no record of or relationship with persons holding through their account holders. Because Euroclear and Clearstream can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of an owner of a beneficial interest to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear or Clearstream systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of a definite certificate for that interest. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests to such person may be limited. In addition, owners of beneficial interests through the Euroclear or Clearstream systems will receive distributions attributable to the 144A Global Notes only through Euroclear or Clearstream participants.
Global Clearance and Settlement Under the Book-Entry System
The Senior Secured Notes represented by the Global Notes are expected to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer expects that secondary trading in any Notes will be settled in accordance with rules and operating procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Although Euroclear and Clearstream are expected to follow the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Notes among participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or modified at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream or their respective participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.
Initial Settlement
Initial settlement for the Notes will be made in Euro. Book-Entry Interests owned through Euroclear or Clearstream accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds in registered form. Book-Entry Interests will be credited to the securities custody accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream holders on the business day following the settlement date against payment for value on the settlement date.
Secondary Market Trading
The Book-Entry Interests will trade through participants of Euroclear or Clearstream and will settle in same-day funds. Since the purchase determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any Book-Entry Interests where both the purchaser's and the seller's accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
