Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes and, potentially, cash, including the determination of the issue price of the Senior Secured Notes in the event that the exchange of the Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange.
G e n e ra l. Interest on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on such holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and OID accrued with respect to the Notes (as described below under ``--O rig in a l Is s u e D is c o u n t" ) constitutes income from sources outside the United States. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the applicability of the foreign tax credit and source of income rules to income attributable to the Notes.
F o re ig n c u rr e n c y d e n o m in a te d in te re s t. The amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest payment denominated in Euros in accordance with either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within each taxable year).
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within each taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in Euros, the accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as U.S.-source ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
Original Issue Discount
G e n e ra l. Since the Temporary Notes will be treated as issued with more than a de minimis amount of OID, a U.S. Holder will be required to include a portion of the OID in gross income as interest in each
288
