G e n e ra l. Since the Temporary Notes will be treated as issued with more than a de minimis amount of OID, a U.S. Holder will be required to include a portion of the OID in gross income as interest in each
taxable year or portion thereof in which the U.S. Holder holds such Notes even if the U.S. Holder has not received a cash payment in respect of the OID. The same requirements will apply with respect to the Senior Secured Notes if the Senior Secured Notes are treated as issued with more than a de minimis amount of OID.
In general, notes will be treated as issued with more than a de minimis amount of OID if the amount of OID is not less than 0.25 per cent. multiplied by the product of the stated redemption price at maturity and the number of complete years to maturity from the issue date. The amount of a note's OID is the excess of the note's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price. The issue price of a note issued for cash is the first price at which a substantial amount of notes included in the issue of which the note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The issue price of a note that is traded on an established market and is issued for property (such as the Senior Secured Notes issued in exchange for the Temporary Notes, in the event that such exchange is treated as a taxable exchange and the Senior Secured Notes are treated as traded on an established market, in each case, for U.S. federal income tax purposes) generally is the fair market value of such note, determined as of the issue date. In general, the stated redemption price at maturity of a note is the total of all payments provided by such a note that are not payments of qualified stated interest. In general, an interest payment on a note is qualified stated interest if it is one of a series of stated interest payments on the note that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate. The stated redemption price at maturity of a note is generally its principal amount.
U.S. Holders of notes treated as issued with more than a de minimis amount of OID must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of such notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder of such a note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the note (``accrued OID''). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any ``accrual period'' a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year; and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the note's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the note's yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of interest on the note allocable to the accrual period. The ``adjusted issue price'' of a note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of payments previously made on the note that were not interest payments.
Any OID for an accrual period will be determined in Euros and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above under ``Payments of Interest''. Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment of interest or the sale or retirement of a note), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.
E le c tio n to tre a t a ll in te re s t a s O ID . A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-yield method described above under ``-- O rig in a l Is s u e D i s c o u n t G e n e ra l" , with certain modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes interest, OID, market discount and d e m in im is market discount, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium or acquisition premium. This election generally applies only to the note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this election.
Sale and other taxable disposition of the Notes
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or other taxable disposition of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or disposition and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis of the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note purchased with Euros generally will be
289
