Payments of principal and interest on, and the proceeds of the sale, retirement or other disposition of Notes by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary (and accruals of OID) will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding may apply to these payments, including payments of accrued OID, if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or fails to comply with applicable certification requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining an exemption.
Reportable transactions
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a ``reportable transaction'' will be required to disclose its participation to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations (U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other non-individual U.S. Holders), and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A penalty in the amount of U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in all other cases generally is imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules.
Foreign financial asset reporting
U.S. taxpayers that own certain foreign financial assets, including debt of non-U.S. entities, with an aggregate value in excess of U.S.$50,000 at the end of the taxable year or U.S.$75,000 at any time during the taxable year (or, for certain individuals living outside the United States and married individuals filing joint returns, certain higher thresholds) may be required to file an information report with respect to such assets with their tax returns. The Notes are expected to constitute foreign financial assets subject to these requirements unless the Notes are held in an account at a financial institution (in which case the account may be reportable if maintained by a foreign financial institution). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of the rules relating to foreign financial asset reporting.
Certain Luxembourg Tax Considerations
The following paragraphs provide information on certain material Luxembourg tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of the Temporary Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase or sell the Temporary Notes. It is based on the laws, regulations and administrative and judicial interpretations presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This information does not take into account the specific circumstances of particular investors. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisors as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.
Please be aware that the residence concept used in the sub-headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers only to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax generally encompasses corporate income tax ( im p o ts u r le re v e n u d e s c o lle c t iv e s ) , municipal business tax ( im p o t c o m m e r c ia l c o m m u n a l) , a solidarity surcharge ( c o n tr ib u tio n a u fo n d s p o u r l 'e m p lo i) as well as personal income tax ( im p o t s u r le re v e n u ). Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (im p o t s u r la fo rtu n e ) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well.
Taxation of the Holders of Temporary Notes
