G u a ra n te e s -- Y ou m a y n o t b e a b le to s e ll y o u r N o t e s ' '.
G u a ra n te e s -- Y ou m a y n o t b e a b le to s e ll y o u r N o t e s ' '.
These stabilizing transactions and covering transactions may cause the price of the Notes to be higher than it would otherwise be in the absence of these transactions. These transactions may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the Offering and the Exchange are made and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time at the sole discretion of Goldman Sachs International. If these activities are commenced, they must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Temporary Notes Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Temporary Notes. These transactions may be effected in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Initial Purchasers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. The Initial Purchasers and their affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The Initial Purchasers and their affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various financial advisory and investment banking services for us, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. In particular, Citigroup Global Markets Limited or its affiliates have a lending relationship with us and may hedge their credit exposure to us consistent with their customary risk management policies.
298
LIMITATIONS ON VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THE GUARANTEES AND THE SECURITY INTERESTS
Set forth below is a summary of certain limitations on the enforceability of the Guarantees and the Security Interests in some of the jurisdictions in which the Guarantees or the Collateral are being provided. It is a summary only, and proceedings of bankruptcy, insolvency or a similar event could be initiated in any of these jurisdictions and in the jurisdiction of organization of a future guarantor of the Notes. The application of these various laws in multiple jurisdictions could trigger disputes over which jurisdiction's law should apply and could adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights and collect payment in full under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Security Interests in the Collateral. Also set forth below is a brief description of certain aspects of insolvency law in Norway, Australia, Austria, France, Germany and New Zealand.
European Union
The Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer and several of the Guarantors are organized under the laws of Member States of the European Union.
Pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings, as amended, (the ``EU Insolvency Regulation''), which applies within the European Union, other than Denmark, the courts of the Member State in which a company's ``centre of main interests'' (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation) is situated have jurisdiction to open main insolvency proceedings. The determination of where a company has its center of main interests is a question of fact on which the courts of the different Member States may have differing and even conflicting views. To date, no final decisions have been made in cases that have been brought before the European Court of Justice in relation to questions of interpretation of the effects of the E.U. Insolvency Regulation throughout the European Union.
