The Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer and several of the Guarantors are organized under the laws of Member States of the European Union.
Although there is a presumption under Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation that a company has its center of main interests in the Member State in which it has its registered office in the absence of proof to the contrary, Preamble 13 of the EU Insolvency Regulation states that the center of main interests of a ``debtor should correspond to the place where the debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third parties.'' The courts have taken into consideration a number of factors in determining the center of main interests of a company, including in particular where board meetings are held, the location where the company conducts the majority of its business or has its head office and the location where the majority of the company's creditors are established. A company's center of main interests may change from time to time but is determined for the purposes of deciding which courts have competent jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings at the time of the filing of the insolvency petition.
The E.U. Insolvency Regulation applies to insolvency proceedings that are collective insolvency proceedings of the types referred to in Annex A to the EU Insolvency Regulation.
If the center of main interests of a company is in one Member State (other than Denmark) under Article 3(2) of the E.U. Insolvency Regulation, the courts of another Member State (other than Denmark) have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against that company only if such company has an ``establishment'' in the territory of such other Member State. An ``establishment'' is defined to mean a place of operations where the company carries on non-transitory economic activity with human means and goods. The effects of those insolvency proceedings opened in that other Member State are restricted to the assets of the company situated in such other Member State.
Where main proceedings have been opened in the Member State in which the company has its center of main interests, any proceedings opened subsequently in another Member State in which the company has an establishment (secondary proceedings) are limited to ``winding-up proceedings'' listed in Annex B of the E.U. Insolvency Regulation. Where main proceedings in the Member State in which the company has its center of main interests have not yet been opened, territorial insolvency proceedings can only be opened in another Member State where the company has an establishment where either: (a) insolvency proceedings cannot be opened in the Member State in which the company's center of main interests is situated under that Member State's law; or (b) the territorial insolvency proceedings are opened at the request of a creditor that is domiciled, habitually resident or has its registered office in the other Member State or whose claim arises from the operation of the establishment.
299
The courts of all Member States (other than Denmark) must recognize the judgment of the court opening main proceedings that will be given the same effect in the other Member States so long as no secondary proceedings have been opened there. The liquidator appointed by a court in a Member State that has jurisdiction to open main proceedings (because the company's center of main interests is there) may exercise the powers conferred on him by the law of that Member State in another Member State (such as to remove assets of the company from that other Member State), subject to certain limitations, so long as no insolvency proceedings have been opened in that other Member State or any preservation measure taken to the contrary further to a request to open insolvency proceedings in that other Member State where the company has assets.
Norway
Limitations on Guarantees and Security Interests provided by Guarantors incorporated in Norway
