Norway
Section 8-10 of the Norwegian Private Limited Companies Act of 1997 No. 44/Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act of 1997 No. 45 (A k s je lo v e n and A llm e n n a k s je lo v e n ) (respectively and together, the ``Acts'', and each an ``Act''), restricts a Norwegian private or public limited liability company from providing financial assistance (including to put assets at disposal, grant loans or provide security or guarantees) in connection with the acquisition of its shares or the shares in the parent company (and any intermediate parent company). Such financial assistance may only be provided within the limits of the company's distributable reserves and subject to the assistance being provided on ordinary commercial terms and the claim for repayment or restitution being adequately secured. Financial assistance may only be provided in connection with the acquisition of shares in the company which are fully paid. Before such financial assistance is granted certain procedural rules must be complied with. The board of directors shall ensure that the beneficial parties are subject to a credit assessment and the board will have to prepare a statement which, inter alia, describes the background for and terms and consequences of the financial assistance. Such statement will have to be presented to the general meeting of the company, who in turn must approve the financial assistance. The restrictions on financial assistance applies irrespective of whether the company in which shares are acquired is a Norwegian or foreign company, and there are no general exemptions available except for special cases of real estate financing and employee share purchase programs. The restriction applies not only to granting of loans, guarantees and securities, but also to making assets available and other transfers which are not lawful distributions in accordance with the Acts. The assistance is restricted if made ``in connection with'' the acquisition of the shares, which may also cover financial assistance after completion of the acquisition, for instance by way of a refinancing of acquisition debt or a subsequent merger of a target company and the acquiring entity.
In addition to the restrictions with regard to unlawful financial assistance outlined above, Section 8-7 of the Acts restricts a Norwegian limited liability company from granting credit to, guaranteeing or providing security for the obligations of, its shareholders or a party related to the shareholder beyond its distributable reserves (free equity) and then further provided that satisfactory security for repayment/ recovery has been established. This restriction does not, however, apply to any granting of credit to or security/guarantee for the obligations of a parent company or another company within the same ``group''. This exemption must be read in conjunction with the group definition in Section 1-3 of the Acts which, broadly speaking, includes Norwegian limited liability companies. Furthermore, there is an exemption for the granting of credit to or security/guarantee for the obligations of any other legal entity (or the subsidiary of such other legal entity) which has such a decisive influence over the company as mentioned in Section 1-3 of the Acts provided that the credit, security or guarantee is established in order to benefit the financial interests of the group of companies. Section 1-3 defines decisive influence as holding at least such number of shares in the company which represents a majority of the votes in the company or has the right to elect or discharge a majority of the members of the board of directors of such company. In practice, this exception will therefore be applicable to a Norwegian wholly-owned subsidiary of a foreign company, provided that the guarantee is established in order to benefit the financial interests of the group of companies.
As a consequence of these restrictions, the value of the Guarantees and any security provided by a Norwegian guarantor may be reduced to zero to the extent it secured obligations relating to the acquisition of shares in itself or its parent company. In addition, the Guarantees or security interest infringing the limitations set forth in Section 8-10 and 8-7 of the Acts will be void, and any funds paid out will have to be repaid. Finally, an illegal arrangement of this kind may give rise to directors' liability issues.
300
As a general rule under Norwegian law, the board of directors of a Norwegian private or public limited liability company have a fiduciary duty to act in the interest of the company. Thus, the board of directors of a company is only permitted to resolve to guarantee the obligations of another group company to the extent this is in the interest of the company. This means that the board of directors in each case must carefully evaluate whether the benefits to it from guaranteeing the obligations of such other company equals or outweighs the obligations of the same.
The Guarantees and the Security Interests provided by Norwegian companies are subject to limitation language substantially in the form as follows:
``The obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor incorporated in Norway in its capacity as a Guarantor (each a ``Norwegian Guarantor'') shall not cover any indebtedness or liability which, if they did so extend, would cause an infringement of section 8-10 and/or section 8-7 cf. section 1-3, or any of the other provisions in chapter 8 III, of the Norwegian Private Limited Companies Act 1997 (the ``Norwegian Companies Act'') regulating unlawful financial assistance and other prohibited loans, guarantees and joint and several liability as well as providing of security, and it is understood and agreed that the liability of any Norwegian Guarantor only applies to the extent permitted by the above-mentioned provisions of the Norwegian Companies Act. Under no circumstances shall the obligations and liabilities of any Norwegian Guarantor cover the debt and/or other liabilities incurred in respect of the purchase of the shares in such Norwegian Guarantor or the shares in any of such Norwegian Guarantor's Holding Companies.''
The limitations set forth in section 8-10 and/or section 8-7 cf. section 1-3 of the Acts will apply mutatis mutandis to any security created by a Norwegian Guarantor under the Collateral and to any guarantee, indemnity, any similar obligation resulting in a payment obligation and payment, including, but not limited to, set-off, pursuant to the Collateral and made by any Norwegian Guarantor. Such limitations on the liabilities and obligations of any Norwegian Guarantor may have the effect of reducing the amount of obligations or liabilities assumed and/or the amount guaranteed or secured to zero, to the extent to which any proceeds under the Notes are used in connection with the acquisition of shares in the Norwegian Guarantor or its parent).
