``The obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor incorporated in Norway in its capacity as a Guarantor (each a ``Norwegian Guarantor'') shall not cover any indebtedness or liability which, if they did so extend, would cause an infringement of section 8-10 and/or section 8-7 cf. section 1-3, or any of the other provisions in chapter 8 III, of the Norwegian Private Limited Companies Act 1997 (the ``Norwegian Companies Act'') regulating unlawful financial assistance and other prohibited loans, guarantees and joint and several liability as well as providing of security, and it is understood and agreed that the liability of any Norwegian Guarantor only applies to the extent permitted by the above-mentioned provisions of the Norwegian Companies Act. Under no circumstances shall the obligations and liabilities of any Norwegian Guarantor cover the debt and/or other liabilities incurred in respect of the purchase of the shares in such Norwegian Guarantor or the shares in any of such Norwegian Guarantor's Holding Companies.''
Insolvency
Norwegian insolvency legislation is regulated by the Norwegian Bankruptcy Act of June 8, 1984 No. 58 (K o n k u rs lo v e n ) (the ``Bankruptcy Act''), which sets forth the various procedures to be followed both in the case of court-administered debt negotiations and bankruptcy proceedings, and the Creditors Recovery Act of June 8, 1984 No. 59 (D e k n in g s lo v e n ) (the ``Recovery Act'') containing provisions on, among other things, the priority of claims.
The key features of the Norwegian bankruptcy proceedings are (i) the seizure and subsequent disposal of the debtor's assets, (ii) the assessment and ranking of claims, (iii) the testing and revocation of transactions (including the securing of existing claims) made prior to bankruptcy, (iv) the handling of the debtor's contractual relationships and (v) the distribution of funds (if any) in accordance with the priority rules. If the business operations of the bankrupt company are continued, they are in practice continued at the risk of, and only to the extent guaranteed by, the creditors.
Bankruptcy proceedings may be opened provided that the debtor is insolvent. Both the debtor (by the representation of the Board of Directors) and the creditors (holding or pretending to hold a claim) can petition for bankruptcy.
There are two requirements for a debtor to be deemed to be insolvent. The debtor must (i) be unable to service its debt as it becomes due, such payment difficulties not being of a temporary nature and (ii) the debtor must be in ``deficit'' (the company's debts must exceed the sum of its assets and revenue, based on real, not book, values).
During bankruptcy proceedings the debtor's assets are controlled by the court-appointed liquidator (usually a lawyer), on behalf of the bankruptcy estate. The main task of the liquidator is to turn all the debtor's assets into cash in the manner assumed to be most profitable for the estate (the creditors), and then distribute the available cash to the rightful creditors.
All of the debtor's assets will in practice be seized by the bankruptcy estate, and the debtor may not dispose of the seized assets in any way while the bankruptcy proceedings are ongoing. The bankruptcy estate may also seize assets held by third-parties, if these assets are acquired from the debtor in an
301
