· Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited's present and future receivables attributable to its Vantage magazine business, which it has sold to Bibby Financial Services (see ` `D e s c r ip tio n o f O th e r
Subject to the preceding paragraph, Security Interests will cover bank accounts, intellectual property, limited parcels of land which are subject to potential sale processes and proceeds of inventory and receivables, that are held by the Australian Guarantors. However, the security will recognise that the Australian Guarantors may deal freely with those assets as part of their operations and that there may be prior ranking security over those assets (or prior ranking security may be created over those assets). The Security Interests will also extend to real property except where this is not permitted by a negative pledge.
insolvency processes
Under Australian law, a company will be insolvent if it is unable to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable. Australian courts have held that this is a question of fact which involves consideration of the company's financial position as a whole, taking into account commercial realities.
As three of the Subsidiary Guarantors are located in Australia, proceedings may be commenced in Australia against those entities should any of them become insolvent.
Insolvency proceedings in Australia can take a number of forms, the most relevant for Noteholders being the voluntary administration, liquidation and receivership processes. The law relating to these proceedings is complex and detailed. The below is only a brief summary of the key features which are likely to be relevant to Noteholders.
Voluntary administration
The voluntary administration process in Australia is governed by Part 5.3A of the Australian Corporations Act. Voluntary administration is an out-of-court insolvency procedure that can be initiated by the directors of a company, a secured creditor who is entitled to enforce a security interest over the whole, or substantially the whole, of the property of the company, or if the company is already in liquidation, by its liquidator. As unsecured creditors, the Holders of the Exchange Notes will therefore be unable to initiate the voluntary administration process. Additionally, while a company is in voluntary administration,
305
