 the security granted to the Noteholders may be at risk of being subject to an order that the new security is a voidable transaction, should one or more of the Subsidiary Guarantors have an administrator or liquidator appointed to it within the relevant period(s) noted above following the grant of security for repayment of the Notes;
 pursuant to the C ro s s B o r d e r In s o lv e n c y A c t 2 0 0 8 of Australia, Australia adopted the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law Model Law on Cross Border Insolvency (``Model Law''). The Model Law includes provisions for the co-operation of the Australian courts with representatives of foreign insolvency proceedings and provides for the facilitation of those insolvency proceedings in Australia.
Receivership
Receivers are typically appointed by a person to whom the company has granted security and acts as the company's agent. Their appointment and powers are usually governed by the terms of the security under which they are appointed, although they also have statutory powers in addition to the powers conferred under the security. The receiver's principal task is to take possession and control of the secured property and realize the property subject to the security and pay the proceeds to the security holder. A receiver would pay the net proceeds of sale to the appointing creditor (after paying prior security holders, other priority creditors, expenses and costs of receivership). Receivership is a regime implemented for the benefit of the secured creditor that appoints the receiver. In contrast, both administration and liquidation are regimes aimed at securing the best outcome for all of the company's creditors as a whole and the members.
The receiver's principal duty is to realize the secured property to preserve the value of the secured property pending its sale and to sell sufficient secured assets to satisfy the appointing creditor's
309
outstanding debt. A receiver has statutory and general law duties intended to, among other things, protect unsecured creditors (it owes residual duties to the company, unsecured creditors and shareholders, as an officer of the company). Receivers are under a duty when realizing security to obtain not less than market value or, where there is no market value, the best price that is reasonably obtainable, having regard to the circumstances existing when the property is sold. Where a company grants security over an asset, the proceeds of enforcement must generally be remitted to the holder of the security, although certain claims in relation to the proceeds of circulating assets will rank in priority to the holder of the security (in accordance with section 433 of the Australian Corporations Act), as summarized below:
 if the proceeds are from contracts of insurance and the insurance policy is in respect of liability to third parties, the proceeds must be paid to the third party in respect of whom the liability was incurred;
 auditor's fees and expenses if ASIC has refused consent to the auditor's resignation for the period between the date of the refusal and the date the receiver was appointed;
