The general law and various State and Commonwealth statutory regimes govern security interests over Australian property. The applicable law will depend on, among other things, the nature of the property the subject of the security.
The most common security over land and interests in land in Australia takes the form of a legal mortgage. While legal mortgages under common law involve the transfer of legal title to the mortgagee, under the Torrens title regime adopted by each Australian State and Territory, title remains with the mortgagor. The Torrens title mortgage gains its status as a legal mortgage by virtue of registration on the applicable State or Territory register and the mortgagee is generally given the same rights (via statute) as a common law mortgagee. It is also possible to take an equitable mortgage over land (and a Torrens title mortgage which remains unregistered will operate as an equitable mortgage). However, an equitable mortgage will not enjoy the priority afforded to a legal mortgage. Torrens title mortgages can be granted over freehold and leasehold estates as well as over other mortgages.
There will be separate real property mortgages granted by Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited over the Albury site (in New South Wales) and Boyer site (in Tasmania), subject to the Agreed Security Principles, which will be registered at the relevant State land titles office (the ``Mortgages'').
Priority of Torrens title mortgages
The priority of a registered Torrens title mortgage will, broadly speaking (and in the absence of fraud), be subject to:
· any competing security interest which was registered at an earlier time; and
· certain claims preferred by applicable laws (discussed below).
310
This is similar to the general law position in relation to legal interests except that at general law, a legal interest will be subject to any prior interest of a third party of which the holder of the security interest had actual or constructive notice at the time of grant of the security interest.
