If a security interest is later granted over the product or mass as a whole, the PPS Act regulates priorities between security interests by providing that any priority that the continuing security interest has over another security interest in the product or mass is limited to the value of the goods on the day on which they became part of the product or mass.
If more than one security interest is granted over the goods before they are processed or commingled, a perfected security interest continuing in the product or mass will have priority over an unperfected security interest continuing in the same product or mass. If there is more than one perfected security interest continuing in the product or mass, each perfected security interest is entitled to share in the product or mass according to the ratio that the obligation secured by the perfected security interest bears to the sum of the obligations secured by all perfected security interests in the same product or mass. A similar regime applies in respect of unperfected security interests. For these purposes, the obligations secured by a security interest does not exceed the value of the goods on the day on which the goods became part of the product or mass. Perfected PMSIs (described below) in goods that continue in the product or mass have priority over non-PMSIs in such goods and non-PMSIs in the product or mass given by the same grantor.
Transfer o f c o lla te ra l in b re a c h o f the s e c u rity a g re e m e n t
Collateral under a security agreement can be transferred despite a prohibition in the relevant security agreement if the collateral would be able to be transferred but for the prohibition. However, such action does not otherwise prejudice the secured party's rights, including the right to call a default under the security agreement. In addition, the security interest will continue in the transferred collateral and will attach to any proceeds of the sale unless the security agreement provides otherwise (in each case, subject to the application of the taking free rules).
Nature of the General Security Deed
The General Security Deed will be prepared in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles. It will be expressed to operate as something akin to a floating charge under common law over all revolving assets and to a fixed charge over all other secured property. This floating charge will become fixed upon the occurrence of an insolvency-type event or upon notice being given by the Security Agent following a declared default. To the extent the security granted by the General Security Deed is over real property, it will not create a mortgage that is capable of being registered on a real property register. Rather it will create a fixed charge over the real property that the Australian Guarantors are not entitled to deal in and a floating charge over the real property that the Australian Guarantors are entitled to deal in. Any such charge will rank behind any mortgage registered over the same property on a real property register. Similarly, the security interest over the personal property created by the General Security Deed will be second ranking to certain existing security that has been given by the Australian Guarantors.
Priority of the General Security Deed under the PPS Act
The PPS Act includes general default priority rules as well as specific rules in relation to certain types of Security Interests. Under those rules:
· perfected Security Interests take priority over unperfected Security Interests;
