Perfection of Share Pledge
Subsidiary Guarantee
C o rp o ra te la w c a p ita l m a in te n a n ce rules
The enforcement of upstream and cross stream guarantees provided by the Austrian Guarantor are limited by strict capital maintenance rules imposed by Austrian corporate law, including the Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Federal Law Gazette No. 98/1965 as last amended by Federal Law Gazette No. 40/2014; A k tie n g e s e tz ) and the Austrian Act on Limited Liability Companies (Federal Law Gazette No. 58/1906 as last amended by Federal Law Gazette No. 13/2014; G e s e tz u b e r G e s e lls c h a fte n m it b e s c h ra n k te r H a ftu n g ). These rules protect the entire assets of an Austrian Guarantor on behalf of their respective creditors. The entire set of corporate assets, even those exceeding the stated capital, falls under the capital maintenance rules. Shareholder distributions by an Austrian Guarantor may only be made under explicitly specified conditions. Accordingly shareholders have the right to receive dividend payments only if these payments are restricted to the amount of net profits shown in the approved annual financial statements and not prohibited by law or the respective subsidiary's articles of association and further provided that the shareholder(s) resolved on the disbursement of such dividend payment.
An Austrian Guarantor may not make any other asset-reducing payments to a group company (not being a direct or indirect subsidiary), except (i) in the context of repayments within the scope of stated
318
capital decreases, or (ii) payments and distributions within the scope of a permitted arm's length transaction. Any distributions or payments to an affiliated company (not being a direct or indirect subsidiary; respectively to a third party to the benefit of such an affiliated company) without an adequate consideration would be considered as a violation of the Austrian capital maintenance rules.
A violation of Austrian capital maintenance rules by an Austrian Guarantor would result in the invalidity of the relevant transaction between the Austrian Guarantor and the shareholder (or between the Austrian Guarantor and a third party if the transaction has been undertaken by an Austrian Guarantor for the benefit of its shareholder e.g. by providing an upstream or cross stream guarantee for the financing to the parent company).
Austrian capital maintenance rules are subject to ongoing court decisions. We cannot assure you that future court rulings may not further limit the enforceability of the guarantees, which could negatively affect its ability to make payment on the Notes offered hereby or the ability of the subsidiaries to make payments on the guarantees.
