According to the Austrian Stamp Duty Act, stamp duty amounts in the case of:
(b) assignments are 0.8% of the consideration, or 0.8% of the secured amount in case of an assignment for security (S ic h e ru n g s z e s s io n ); however, not more than the assigned receivables.
Dutiable transactions relating to the granting of security (in particular sureties, assignments, mortgages) may be exempt from stamp duty, if such transaction (exclusively) secures claims under a loan or credit agreement.
Austrian stamp duty is basically triggered if a document on a dutiable transaction is created in Austria. Irrespective of the country of document creation, stamp duty may be triggered if (i) the transaction parties' (habitual) residence, seat, (factual) management or place of business is located in Austria and (ii) the transaction concerns an asset situated in Austria or a party to the transaction is entitled or obliged to perform under the transaction in Austria.
If the creation of a document outside of Austria did not trigger Austrian stamp duty, stamp duty may be triggered if the document (or a certified copy thereof) is imported into Austria and (i) the transaction concerns an Austrian situated asset or a party to the transaction is entitled or obliged to performance under the transaction in Austria, or (ii) a legally relevant action is taken in Austria based on the transaction or official use of the document (or a certified copy thereof).
Austrian stamp duty may also be triggered by a document that refers to a dutiable transaction in a qualified manner (so called confirming document; r e c h ts b e z e u g e n d e U rk u n d e ). A confirming document within the present context is constituted if the parties to and the nature of the transaction referred to may be derived from the document. Such document may (already) trigger Austrian stamp duty if signed by one of the parties and sent to the other party or its representative (or even a testifying third party). Accordingly, any notices, references, confirmations, reports, protocols or correspondence (including e-mails) containing information on the parties' rights and obligations could constitute confirming documentation. Further, stamp duty may be triggered by a so called substitute document (E rs a tz u rk u n d e ) on a dutiable transaction or a document that incorporates by reference a document on a dutiable transaction; e.g. a signed protocol on an orally agreed transaction.
If Austrian stamp duty is triggered the parties to the transaction are jointly and severally liable; unless only one party is obliged to perform under the relevant transaction, then the party in whose interest the document was created is liable for the stamp duty (e.g. the creditor in case of a surety). Other persons involved in the transaction (as well as certain persons, if they violate their responsibility to notify the competent tax authorities in this regard) are secondarily liable for the triggered stamp duty. Agreements between the parties as to who shall bear the stamp duty are not relevant for the tax authorities but may be honored within their discretion.
If stamp duty was triggered and not duly paid or the competent tax office was not duly notified of a dutiable transaction, the competent tax office may, within its discretion, increase the stamp duty up to 100% depending on whether the taxpayer could have recognized that the stamp duty was triggered, the
321
