A company that is facing any type of difficulties (but which is not insolvent; see ``--In s o lv e n c y Test" above) may request from the President of the court the appointment of a m a n d a ta ire a d h o c , whose name it can suggest. The m a n d a ta ire a d h o c 's duties are determined by the court. Such m a n d a ta ire a d h o c is usually appointed in order to facilitate negotiations with the debtor's main creditors but he cannot coerce the creditors into accepting any proposal. The agreement reached by the parties (if any) with the help of such m a n d a ta ire a d h o c can be reported by the latter to the president of the court but is not approved by the court. The restructuring agreement between the company and its main creditors will be negotiated on a purely consensual and voluntary basis; those creditors not willing to take part cannot be bound by the arrangement.
A French company may, in its sole discretion, apply for the opening of conciliation proceedings, provided it (i) is not insolvent (see ``--In s o lv e n c y Test" above), or has been insolvent for fewer than 45 days and (ii) experiences current or predictable legal, economic or financial difficulties. The debtor petitions the president of the Commercial Court for the appointment of a conciliator (whose name it can suggest) in charge of assisting the debtor in negotiating with some or all of its creditors and/or trade
323
partners an agreement that provides for the restructuring of its indebtedness. Conciliation proceedings are confidential and may last up to five months. During the proceedings, creditors may continue to sue individually for payment of their claims but they usually in practice accept not to do so. In addition, the debtor retains the right to petition the president of the Commercial Court for a grace period.
With regard to the grace periods under Articles 1244-1 of the French Civil Code, the judge having opened conciliation proceedings (i) may grant a grace period even when the formal notice asking the debtor to pay was sent before conciliation proceedings commenced (and not only during conciliation proceedings) and (ii) may grant a grace period during the implementation of the conciliation agreement (and not only during conciliation proceedings).
This agreement may be either acknowledged (c o n s ta te ) by the president of the court or approved (h o m o lo g u e ) by the court.
While the agreement (whether acknowledged or approved) is being implemented, by law (i) any individual proceedings by creditors with respect to the claims included in the agreement are suspended, (ii) accrued interest of the claims governed by the restructuring agreement cannot bear themselves interest (notwithstanding Article 1154 of the French Civil Code) and (iii) the debtor retains the right to petition the President of the Court who opened conciliation proceedings for debt rescheduling (pursuant to Article 1244-1 of the French Civil Code mentioned above) in relation to claims of non-consenting creditors (other than public creditors) who were called to the conciliation, in which case the decision would be taken after having heard the c o n c ilia to r appointed to supervise the performance of the restructuring agreement (m a n d a ta ire a l 'e x e c u tio n d e I 'a c c o r d ) , and taking into account the actual implementation of the restructuring agreement by the debtor.
The conciliator acting as ``m a n d a ta ire a I 'e x e c u tio n d e I 'a c c o r d " may monitor the implementation of the conciliation agreement, when the conciliation agreement is approved by the Court.
The acknowledgement of the agreement by the president of the court upon all parties' request, gives the agreement the legal force of a final judgment, which means that it constitutes a judicial title that can be enforced by the parties without further recourse to a judge (titre e x e c u to ire ), but the conciliation proceedings remain confidential.
