The debtor may file for safeguard, accelerated safeguard or accelerated financial safeguard proceedings at any time it is facing difficulties that it cannot overcome. Regular safeguard proceedings can only be opened, if the debtor is not insolvent (e n e ta t d e c e s s a tio n d e s p a ie m e n ts ) whereas accelerated safeguard proceedings or accelerated financial safeguard proceedings may be opened as long as it was not insolvent for more than 45 days when it initially requested the opening of conciliation.
O b se rva tio n p e rio d -- ju d ic ia l b o d ie s
The period from the date of the court decision commencing the proceedings (whether a safeguard or a judicial reorganization) to the date on which the court takes a decision on the outcome of the proceedings is called the ``observation period'' and may last up to 18 months.
During the observation period, a court-appointed administrator, whose name can be suggested by the debtor in safeguard proceedings, investigates the business of the company.
In safeguard proceedings, the administrator's mission is limited to either supervising or assisting the debtor's management and assisting it in preparing a safeguard plan for the company.
In judicial reorganization proceedings, the administrator's mission is usually to assist the management and to make proposals for the reorganization of the company, which may include a business continuation plan (equivalent to a safeguard plan) and/or the sale of all or part of the company's business to a third party. In judicial reorganization, the court may also decide that the administrator will manage the company alone by replacing the debtor's management.
Judicial liquidation proceedings entail the relief of the debtor of the management and there is no observation period in such proceedings. The outcome of liquidation proceedings, which is decided by the court without a vote of the creditors, may be a sale of the business plan and/or isolated sales of the debtor's assets in order to discharge the debtor's liabilities. Where a sale of the business (partial or not) is contemplated, the court may authorize a temporary continuation of the business for a maximum period of three months (renewable once for a period of three months at the Public Prosecutor's request) whose effects are similar to an observation period.
325
End of proceedings
