If there are any holders of the Notes, they are required to vote on the plan during a general meeting of all holders of the Notes held for that purpose and approve the plan at the same two-thirds majority vote. Approval of the plan at the two-thirds majority shall, if the plan is approved by the court, bind all the members of the committees and the holders of the Notes (including those who voted against the adoption of the plan). The plan submitted to the committees and the holders of the Notes, if any, must take into account subordination agreements entered into by the creditors before the commencement of the proceedings, may treat creditors differently if it is justified by their differences in situation and may notably include debt rescheduling or write-offs, and/or debt-for-equity swaps (debt-for-equity swaps requiring the relevant shareholder consent).
re fe re ).
If, the creditors' committees and the meeting of the holders of the Notes approve the plan, and subject to verification by the court that the interests of all creditors are sufficiently safeguarded and to a rescheduling of the claims of creditors who are not members of the committees or general meeting of holders of the Notes (as discussed hereinafter), the court will approve the plan.
For those creditors outside the creditors' committee or the meeting of the holders of the Notes, they are consulted following the ``ordinary'' consultation process (see above).
In the event that the debtor company's proposed safeguard or reorganisation plan is not approved by both committees and the general meeting of holders of the Notes within the first six months of the observation period (it being noted that this 6 month period may be extended by the court at the request of the judicial administrator to the extent it does not exceed the duration of the observation period), either because they do not vote on the plan or because they reject it, the court can still adopt a safeguard or reorganisation plan in the time remaining until the end of the observation period. In such a case the rules are the same as those applicable to creditors who are not part of the committees and who are not holders of the Notes (see the ``ordinary'' consultation described above). The administrator notifies the proposals for the settlement of debts to the court-appointed creditors' representative, who, individually or collectively, obtains the agreement of each creditor who filed a proof of claim, regarding the debt rescheduling or write-offs or debt-to-equity swaps proposed. If the creditors refuse the proposals that were submitted to them, the court that approves the safeguard on reorganization plan can only impose uniform debt deferrals over a maximum period of 10 years. Any debt write-off or debt-to-equity swap is contingent on individual acceptance.
Creditors for whom the plan does not provide any amendment to their repayment terms or provides for a full repayment in cash of their claims as soon as the plan is adopted or as soon as their claims are admitted do not need to be consulted on the plan.
327
The creditors' representative in safeguard or reorganisation proceedings can summon a shareholder to pay any outstanding amount due over the shares he subscribed.
The opening judgment of safeguard or reorganisation proceedings leads to the immediate maturity of the amount not paid up of the share capital.
