The creditors' representative in safeguard or reorganisation proceedings can summon a shareholder to pay any outstanding amount due over the shares he subscribed.
When the court mandates the administrator to convene the shareholder general meetings, in order to vote on the modifications of the articles of association provided by the plan, the administrator may decide that the general meeting will rule on first convening, by the majority of the votes held by the shareholders attending the meeting or represented at the meeting, provided that said shareholders hold at least half the shares with voting rights. On second convening, the common law provisions relating to the quorum and majority requirements shall apply .
In reorganization proceedings, in case the shareholders' equity has not been restored, the administrator may appoint a trustee (m a n d a ta ire e n ju s tic e ) to vote in place of the shareholders refusing to vote to restore the shareholder's equity if the plan provides for a modification of the equity to the benefit of any third party undertaking to comply with the recovery plan.
S p e c ific c a s e -- c r e d ito r s th a t a re p u b lic in s titu tio n s : Public creditors (financial administrations, social security and unemployment insurance organizations) may agree to grant debt remissions under conditions that are similar to those that would be granted by a private economic operator placed in the same position, under normal market conditions. Public creditors may also decide to enter into subordination agreements for liens or mortgages, or relinquish these Security Interests. Public creditors are consulted under specific conditions, within the framework of a commission before which the heads of finance departments of the organizations and institutions concerned are represented. The tax administrators may grant relief from all direct taxes. With regard to indirect taxes, relief may only be granted from default interest, adjustments, penalties or fines.
In the event that safeguard (or judicial reorganization) proceedings are opened against the French Guarantor, the holders of the Notes, if credit institutions or assimilated institutions, would vote on any draft plan proposed by the French Guarantor as members of the credit institutions committee.
A safeguard or reorganisation plan (the approval of which would require a two-thirds majority vote of each committee and the general meeting of the holders of the Notes) prepared by the French Guarantor' management and proposed by the French Guarantor to its creditors could include, among other things, debt rescheduling or the cancellation of debts, and/or debt-for-equity swaps (debt-for-equity swaps requiring the relevant shareholders' consent). Holders of the Notes could, as members of the audit institutions committee, veto such plan if they reach a blocking minority (i.e., their claims represent more than one-third of the claims of those creditors casting a vote in the meeting). Conversely, if a two-thirds majority is reached in each committee or meeting and the plan is subsequently approved by the relevant court, the plan will bind all the creditors of the French Guarantor (including holders of the Notes, and the members of the creditor's committees who voted against the adoption of the plan during the vote taken by the applicable general meeting of holders of the Notes or committee).
As a general matter, only the legal owner of the claim will be invited onto the credit institutions' committee. Accordingly, a person holding only an economic interest therein will not itself be a member of the credit institutions' committee.
Accelerated safeguard proceedings and accelerated financial safeguard proceedings
A debtor in the course of c o n c ilia tio n proceedings may request commencement of accelerated safeguard or accelerated financial safeguard proceedings. The accelerated safeguard or accelerated financial safeguard proceedings have been designed to ``fast-track'' the regular safeguard proceedings relating to large companies. The regime applicable to accelerated safeguard or accelerated financial safeguard proceedings is roughly the regime applicable to the regular safeguard proceeding to the extent compatible with the accelerated timing in accelerated safeguard and or accelerated financial safeguard proceedings, therefore some provisions relating in particular to ongoing contracts and restitution claims formed by owners are excluded by law.
