If the court decides to order the judicial liquidation of the company, the court will appoint a liquidator to sell the assets of the company and settle the relevant debts in accordance with their ranking. However, in practice, if a plan for the sale of the business is under consideration, the court will usually appoint a judicial administrator to manage the company and organize such sale of the business.
Limitations on the Guarantees
The liabilities and obligations of the French Guarantor are subject to:
· certain exceptions, including to the extent of any obligations which, if incurred, would constitute prohibited financial assistance within the meaning of Article L. 225-216 of the French Commercial Code or misuse of the corporate assets within the meaning of Articles L. 241-3, L. 242-6 or L. 244-1 of the French Commercial Code; and
332
· French corporate benefit rules, in particular and without limitation, should a guarantee be granted by the French Guarantor that is a subsidiary of the Issuer, a guarantee limitation amount would apply corresponding to an amount equal to the proceeds from the Offering applied by the Issuer for the direct or indirect benefit of the French Guarantor through any intercompany loans to the French Guarantor or its subsidiaries and outstanding on the date a payment is made under the Guarantee.
Accordingly, any guarantee by the French Guarantor will be given in consideration of, and limited to, the amounts of the proceeds of the Notes (if any) that will be made available by the Issuer to the French Guarantor and/or the subsidiaries of that French Guarantor (if any), via intercompany loan arrangements or otherwise, in each case to the extent such loans are outstanding to the French Guarantor and/or its subsidiaries at the time when a payment is required under the Guarantee. By virtue of this limitation, the French Guarantor's obligation under the Guarantee could be significantly less than amounts payable with respect to the Notes, or the French Guarantor may have effectively no obligation under its Guarantee.
In addition, if the French Guarantor receives, in return for issuing the Guarantee, an economic return that is less than the economic benefit such French Guarantor would obtain in a transaction entered into on an arm's-length basis, the difference between the actual economic benefit and that in a comparable arm'slength transaction could be taxable or non tax deductible under certain circumstances.
Under French financial assistance rules, a court could void any guarantee or security document that constitutes prohibited financial assistance. Under French corporate benefit rules, a court could subordinate or void any guarantee or security document and, if payment or enforcement had already been made under the relevant guarantee or security document, require that the recipient return the payment or security documents or the security interest thereunder to the relevant guarantor, if the court found that the guarantor did not derive an overall corporate benefit from the transaction involving the grant of the guarantee or security interest as a whole. Existence of corporate benefit is a factual matter which must be determined on a case-by-case basis. Based on current case law certain inter-group transactions (including up-stream guarantees) can be in the corporate interest of the relevant company, in particular, where the following four criteria are fulfilled:
