· a transaction whereby the debtor grants satisfaction for a loan claim or an economically equivalent claim to a third party can be avoided if the transaction was effected in the last year prior to the filing of a petition for opening of insolvency proceedings or thereafter and if a shareholder of the debtor had granted security or was liable as a guarantor (B u rg e ) (in which case the shareholder has to compensate the debtor for the amounts paid (subject to further conditions)).
If a guarantee or collateral by any German Provider was avoided or held unenforceable for any reason, a holder of the Notes would cease to have any claim or benefit in respect thereof. Any amounts received from a transaction that had been avoided would have to be repaid to the insolvent estate.
Furthermore, even in the absence of an insolvency proceeding, a third-party creditor who has obtained an enforcement order (V o lls tre c k u n g s tite l) but has failed to obtain satisfaction of its enforceable claims by a levy of execution, under certain circumstances, has the right to avoid certain transactions, such as the payment of debt and the granting of security pursuant to the German Act on Avoidance (A n fe c h tu n g s g e s e tz ). The prerequisites differ to a certain extent from the rules described above and the avoidance periods are calculated from the date when a creditor exercises its rights of avoidance in the courts.
In addition, under German law, a creditor who provided additional, or extended existing funding to a debtor or obtained security from a debtor may be liable in tort if such creditor was aware of the debtor's (impending) insolvency or of circumstances indicating such debtor's (impending) insolvency at the time such funding was provided or extended or such security was granted. The German Federal Supreme Court (B u n d e s g e ric h ts h o f) held that this could be the case if, for example, the creditor was to act with the intention of detrimentally influencing the position of the other creditors of the debtor in violation of the legal principle of bonos mores (S itte n w id rig k e it). Such intention could be present if the beneficiary of the transaction was aware of any circumstances indicating that the debtor as the grantor of the guarantee or security was close to collapse (Z u s a m m e n b ru c h ), or had reason to enquire further with respect thereto.
Parallel debt
Under German law, any ``accessory'' Security Interests such as pledges (P fa n d re c h te ) require that the pledgee and the creditor be the same person. Such Security Interests cannot be held on behalf of third parties who do not hold the secured claim. The holders of the Notes, will not be party to the security documents relating to the Collateral. In order for the holders of the Notes to benefit from Collateral under ``accessory'' security documents, the Intercreditor Agreement will provide for the creation of a ``parallel debt''. Pursuant to the parallel debt, the Security Agent becomes the holder of a claim equal to each amount payable by an obligor under the Notes and the Guarantees. The pledges governed by German law will directly secure the parallel debt. The parallel debt procedure has not been tested in court under German law, and there is no certainty that it will eliminate or mitigate the risk of unenforceability posed by German law. Further, if the parallel debt is novated from the Security Agent to a new security agent or
340
another third party, any German law governed accessory Security Interests such as pledges (P fa n d re c h te ) would extinguish and would therefore need to be re-created with the consequence that hardening periods would start again from the date of recreation of security.
Limitations on enforcement
