In addition all shares of the New Zealand Guarantor owned by Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited will be made subject to a New Zealand law governed specific security agreement granted by Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited in favour of the Security Agent in support of the obligations of Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited as guarantor of the Notes (such guarantee to be governed by the laws of the State of New York).
M o rtg a g e o f la n d -s ta tu to ry n o tic e re q u ire d b e fo re p o w e r o f sa le ca n b e e x e rc is e d
In order for a secured party to exercise a right to sell mortgaged land pursuant to a registered mortgage, the secured party must first serve statutory notice (in accordance with the New Zealand Property Law Act 2007) on the mortgagor, subsequent mortgagees and guarantors of its intention to exercise its power to sell the mortgaged property. The minimum notice period is 20 working days. Pending expiry of such notice, the mortgagee may market the property and may enter into an agreement to sell the property, provided that it is conditional on the statutory notice having expired un-remedied.
Enforcement by exercise of a right to sell mortgaged land pursuant to the terms of an unregistered agreement to mortgage land (as initially contemplated pursuant to the general security agreement described above) is uncertain and will be subject to serious practical difficulties. Accordingly additional steps or legal remedies (if available) may be required to be exercised in order to perfect or elevate an unregistered agreement to mortgage land to a registered mortgage before such mortgage is enforceable in practice.
P e rso n a l P ro p e rty S e curities A c t 1999
The New Zealand Personal Property Securities Act 1999 (``PPSA'') establishes a code for determining the validity and priority of the claims of secured creditors and other parties with interests in personal property. The PPSA is based on similar regimes operating in North America and a similar regime came into full force in Australia in early 2012.
Under the PPSA as a general rule, priority between secured parties with a perfected security interest in the same collateral is determined by the order in which the secured parties took possession or
342
registered financing statements against the collateral on the New Zealand Personal Property Securities Register. However, the priority rules under the PPSA are complex and there are a number of specific priority rules that modify the general rule in certain circumstances (including without limitation in respect of perfected ``purchase money security interests'' which if properly perfected may enjoy `super priority'' in respect of the collateral subject to such interest). In addition, any security interest (mortgage) in respect of real property requires separate (first in time) registration on the land register maintained by LINZ in order to ensure best priority.
