In New Zealand the usual processes for dealing with corporate insolvency are very similar to those in Australia. These processes are voluntary administration, liquidation, receivership, statutory management, creditors' compromises and creditors' schemes of arrangement, a summary of each of which is set out below.
The New Zealand Companies Act 1993 provides for the appointment of a voluntary administrator to an insolvent company (or a company that may in the future become insolvent). The New Zealand voluntary administration regime is generally modelled on the equivalent Australian regime and the provisions of the Companies Act are substantially the same as the equivalent provisions under Australian law. Voluntary administration is intended to maximise the chances of a company (or its business) continuing in existence or, if that is not possible, providing a better return for creditors than immediate liquidation.
A company can be placed into administration by its directors, a liquidator, a secured creditor who has a security interest over substantially the whole of the company's property or the Court on the application of a creditor or certain others.
On the appointment of an administrator a moratorium on enforcement action commences such that creditors cannot take steps to enforce any debts or security against the company without the consent of the administrator or the leave of the Court. However, the moratorium does not apply to secured creditors who hold a security interest over all or substantially all of the company's assets, if those creditors elect to enforce their security interest within the 10 working days after the company goes into administration. Nor does the moratorium apply to secured creditors who have already taken steps to enforce the security interest prior to the administration.
During the administration, the administrator has control over the company's business and property (except for company property in respect of which a secured creditor has appointed a receiver). The administrator can manage and dispose of any business or property and can perform any function and exercise any power on the company's behalf that the company could perform if it were not in an administration.
The moratorium will expire when the creditors vote (at the ``watershed meeting'') to return the company to its directors, to appoint a liquidator or to execute a deed of company arrangement. The watershed meeting must be held within 25 working days after the commencement of the administration (or longer if the Court has approved an extension to the convening period). If a deed of company arrangement is
344
approved by a majority in number representing 75% by value of creditors it is binding on all unsecured creditors as well as secured creditors who have voted in favor of the deed of company arrangement.
L iq u id a tio n
