Many of our directors, officers and other executives are neither residents nor citizens of the United States. Furthermore, most of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon such persons or us or to enforce against them or us judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws despite the fact that, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, we and the Guarantors have appointed, or will appoint, an agent for the service of process in New York. It may be possible for investors to effect service of process within Norway and Guarantor jurisdictions upon those persons or us or over our subsidiaries provided that The Hague Convention on the Service Abroad of Judicial and Extrajudicial Documents in Civil or Commercial Matters of November 15, 1965 is complied with.
Norway
Norwegian courts will, as a general rule, not recognize or enforce judgments rendered by a foreign court unless provided by Norwegian law Norway has entered into a bilateral or multilateral treaty with the relevant country or countries regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments and subject to the provisions of Section 19-16 of the Norwegian Dispute Act of 2005 No. 90 (T v is te lo v e n ), (the ``Dispute Act''). Pursuant to the Lugano Convention on the Recognition of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters (the ``Lugano Convention''), which is incorporated into Norwegian national law, Norwegian courts will recognize as a valid judgment, and enforce, any final civil judgment obtained in a foreign court in a state that is a party to the Lugano Convention, without a further examination of the merits of the case. The exceptions stated in the Lugano Convention itself will apply.
If there is no treaty between Norway and the relevant jurisdiction regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments, or the relevant treaty is not applicable, a judgment rendered by a foreign court (e.g., the courts of United States) may nevertheless be recognized and enforced in Norway without further examination of the merits of the case, provided that the foreign proceedings and the judgment itself fulfil the conditions stated in the Norwegian Enforcement Act of 1992 No. 86 (T v a n g s fu llb y rd e ls e s lo v e n ) and the Dispute Act. Where a Norwegian party has accepted the jurisdiction of a foreign court in a written agreement, any judgment rendered pursuant to that agreement will be enforceable in Norway in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4-6 and 19-16 of the Dispute Act. However, a judgment will not be recognized in Norway if such recognition would be contrary to mandatory laws or to Norwegian public policy considerations.
Australia
The United States and Australia do not have a treaty which provides for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil matters. Further, United States courts are not listed in the Foreign Judgments Regulations 1992 made under the Foreign Judgments Act 1991 of Australia. Therefore, there is no statutory recognition or statutory enforcement in Australia of any judgment obtained in a court in the United States. Instead, a judgment made by a U.S. court can only be enforced in Australia under the common law regime.
Under that regime, any final, conclusive and unsatisfied judgment in p e rs o n a m (that is, that imposes a personal obligation on the defendant) of a U.S. court which has jurisdiction as determined under the rules of private international law of Australia, and is for a definite sum of money (not being a sum in respect of taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty), and is between the same parties, may be enforceable by the judgment creditor against the judgment debtor by action in
348
the Australian courts (without re-examination of the merits of the issues determined by the proceedings in the U.S. court) unless certain circumstances apply, including:
