348
 the proceeding in the U.S. court involved a denial of the principles of natural justice recognized by the courts of Australia;
 the U.S. judgment is contrary to the public policy of Australia;
 the U.S. judgment was obtained by fraud; or
 the U.S. judgment includes multiple or punitive damages or where the proceedings in such court were of a penal nature.
Austria
According to the Austrian Enforcement Act (Federal Law Gazette No. 79/1896 as last amended by Federal Law Gazette No. 69/2014; E x e k u tio n s o rd n u n g ), foreign judgments are only enforceable in Austria if the reciprocity is warranted by a bilateral or multilateral treaty between the countries involved or by a respective directive (V e ro rd n u n g ) of the Austrian government. The Republic of Austria and the United States have not entered into a treaty regarding the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered in either courts civil and commercial matters. In this regard, there is also no directive of the Austrian government in place. Therefore, the courts of Austria will not recognize and/or enforce a judgment obtained in the courts of the United States, be it a judgment rendered by a United States federal or state court. Accordingly, the subject matter upon which a judgment has been obtained in a United States federal or state court must be re-litigated before Austrian courts in accordance with applicable Austrian Civil Procedure Laws (Z iv ilp ro z e s s v e rfa h re n ). A judgment by a federal or state court of the United States will be regarded by an Austrian court only as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which such judgment relates, and an Austrian court has to re-hear the dispute. Only after having obtained a final judgment before an Austrian court can enforcement procedures be initiated under the Austrian Enforcement Act.
France
We have been advised by our French counsel that the United States and France are not parties to a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitral awards rendered in civil and commercial matters. Accordingly, a judgment rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. federal or state securities laws, and which is enforceable in the United States, would not directly be recognized or enforceable in France.
