· in addition, please note that a clear position has not yet been established in French case law as to whether proceedings pending before French courts at the time enforcement of the foreign judgment is sought and having the same or similar subject matter as this judgment may have an impact on enforcement in France of the foreign judgment.
If the French civil court is satisfied that such conditions are met, the U.S. judgment will benefit from the res judicata effect as of the date of the decision of the French civil court and will thus be declared enforceable in France after all remedies have been exhausted. However, the decision granting the exequatur is subject to appeal.
In addition, the discovery process under actions filed in the United States could be adversely affected under certain circumstances by French criminal law No. 68-678 of July 26, 1968, as modified by French ordinance No. 80-538 of July 16, 1980 and French ordinance No. 2000-916 of September 19, 2000 (relating to the communication of documents and information of an economic, commercial, industrial, financial or technical nature to foreign authorities or persons), which could prohibit or restrict obtaining evidence in France or from French persons in connection with a judicial or administrative U.S. action. Pursuant to the regulations above, the U.S. authorities would have to comply with international (the 1970 Hague Convention on the Taking of Evidence Abroad) or French procedural rules to obtain evidence in France or from French persons.
Similarly, French data protection rules (law No. 78-17 of January 6, 1978 on data processing, data files and individual liberties, as most recently modified by law No. 2014-344 of March 17, 2014) can limit under certain circumstances the possibility of obtaining information in France or from French persons in connection with a judicial or administrative U.S. action in a discovery context.
Furthermore, if an original action is brought in France, French courts may refuse to apply foreign law or part of foreign law designated by the applicable French rule of conflict (including the law chosen by the parties to govern their contract) if the application of such law (in the case at hand) is deemed to contravene French international public policy (as determined on a case-by-case basis by French courts) or in case of overriding mandatory rules. Furthermore, in an action brought in France on the basis of U.S. federal or state securities laws, French courts may not have the requisite power to grant all the remedies sought.
Pursuant to articles 14 and 15 of the French Civil Code, a French national (either a company or an individual) can sue a foreign defendant before French courts in connection with the performance of obligations contracted by the foreign defendant in France with a French person or in a foreign country with French persons (article 14) and can be sued by a foreign claimant before French courts in connection with the performance of obligations contracted by the French national in a foreign country with the foreign claimant (article 15). For a long time, case law has interpreted these provisions as meaning that a French national, either claimant or defendant, could not be forced against its will to appear before a jurisdiction other than French courts. However, according to recent case law, the French courts' jurisdiction over French nationals is no longer mandatory to the extent an action has been commenced before a court in a jurisdiction that has sufficient contacts with the litigation and the choice of jurisdiction is not fraudulent. More specifically, according to this recent case law, a French defendant can no longer challenge the jurisdiction of a foreign tribunal on the basis of article 15 of the French civil code in circumstances where the foreign tribunal has otherwise jurisdiction. In addition, French and foreign claimants may waive their rights respectively to benefit from the provisions of articles 14 and 15 of the French Civil Code, including by way of conduct by voluntarily appearing before the foreign court.
Our French counsel has also advised us that the French Supreme Court (C o u r d e c a s s a tio n ) has recently held that a contractual provision submitting one party to the exclusive jurisdiction of a court and giving another party the discretionary option to choose any competent jurisdiction was invalid on the ground that it was discretionary (p o te s ta tiv e ). Accordingly any provisions to the same effect in any relevant documents would not be binding on the party submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court or prevent a French party from bringing an action before the French courts. However this decision was rendered on the basis of the Brussels Regulation and as such would not apply to non-intra-EU disputes.
Germany
The United States and Germany currently do not have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of court judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Consequently, a final and conclusive judgment by any U.S. federal or state court for payment based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Germany. A final judgment by a U.S. federal or state court, however, may be recognized and enforced in Germany in an action of exequatur before a court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with the proceedings set forth by the German Code of Civil Procedure (Z iv ilp ro z e s s o rd n u n g ). In such an action, a German court generally would not reinvestigate and review
