German civil procedure differs substantially from U.S. civil procedure in a number of respects. With respect to the production of evidence, for example, U.S. federal and state law and the laws of several other jurisdictions based on common law provide for pre-trial discovery, a process by which parties to the proceedings may, prior to trial, compel the production of documents by adverse or third parties and the deposition of witnesses. Evidence obtained in this manner may be decisive in the outcome of any proceeding. No such pre-trial discovery process exists under German law.
There is doubt as to the enforceability in New Zealand courts of judgments of U.S. courts, obtained in actions predicated upon the liability provisions of the United States federal or state securities laws where the action is not in respect of purely civil liability, i.e. it is, instead, in respect of a penalty or tax. More generally, however, it is not contrary to public policy to enforce a judgment merely because the cause of action on which it was obtained is not known to New Zealand law.
351
The New Zealand Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments Act 1934 provides the primary statutory basis for the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgements in New Zealand. However, neither the Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments Act 1934 nor any other legislation provides for the recognition and enforcement in New Zealand of judgements of a New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City (or any appellate court with jurisdiction over any such court) as New Zealand and the US have no formal arrangements for enforcing judgments.
Accordingly, whether a judgment of such a court would be recognised and given effect to by a New Zealand court, following the commencement of a new action in the courts of New Zealand but without any re-trial or re-examination of the merits of the action, would be determined by applicable common law principles. Under those principles this would depend upon a number of factors, including whether:
(iv) the relevant New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City (or any appellate court with jurisdiction over any such court) (as the case may be) had jurisdiction over the defendant, determined in accordance with the rules of private international law applied by the New Zealand courts (broadly, if the defendant has submitted or agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts or is resident or present in that jurisdiction);
(v) the judgment of such court was (1) final and conclusive; (2) for a debt or definite sum of money; (3) not in respect of taxes, fines or penalties; (4) not obtained by fraud or in a manner contrary to natural justice; and (5) not contrary to New Zealand public policy; and
(vi) service of process in relation to the proceedings in the relevant U.S. court were properly effected in accordance with New Zealand law.
In addition, subject to certain exceptions, enforcement in New Zealand courts of a U.S. court judgment must be sought within six years of the date the U.S. court judgment became enforceable in the United States.
