Higher energy prices have a positive impact on fair value. Energy prices in New Zealand have increased in the short end of the price curve while the prices in the long end are virtually unchanged compared with the previous quarter.
Gains and losses on level 3 financial instruments recognised in the income statement, line item Other gains and losses, amounted to NOK 117 million in the first quarter of 2015 (NOK -1 8 7 million in the fourth quarter of 2014).
Norske Skog has changed its accounting principle for embedded derivatives in energy contracts in Norway with effect from 1 January 2015, with full retrospective application. Comparable figures for 2014
F-16
NORSKE SKOG
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
7. ENERGY CONTRACTS, DERIVATIVES AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS CARRIED AT FAIR VALUE (Continued)
have been restated. Since the change in accounting principle is applied retrospectively, the balance sheet at 1 January 2014 has been included in the interim financial statements for the first quarter of 2015.
The change in accounting principle regards which economic characteristics and risks of embedded derivatives that are considered closely related to a power purchase or sale contract between buyers and sellers in Norway. An embedded foreign currency derivative is closely related, and shall accordingly not be accounted for separately, if it is commonly used in the economic environment in which the transaction takes place. As of 1 January 2015, Norske Skog has changed its interpretation of what is considered an economic environment for the purpose of separation of embedded foreign currency derivatives in non-financial contracts, so that the Norwegian and Nordic power market is considered an economic environment for these purposes. Norske Skog has assessed EUR to be a commonly used currency in the Norwegian and Nordic power market, including in long-term contracts to buy or sell physical power between buyers and sellers in this market. The energy market in Europe is further assessed to be an integrated economic environment where contracts to buy and sell power are commonly denominated in EUR. In addition, Norske Skog has reassessed and concluded that general inflation indexes in long-term physical energy purchase contracts may be considered closely related, and accordingly not required to be accounted for separately, when the purpose and effect of including them is to ensure that the prices in the contracts are adjusted to the general price level where the transaction takes place.
