b) Transactions and balances Foreign currency transactions are translated into the entity's functional currency using the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year-end exchange rates are recognised in the income statement. Gains and losses subject to hedge accounting and relating to currency positions qualifying as net investment hedges and which are hedge accounted, are booked as part of comprehensive income. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of accounts receivable/payable and unrealised gains/ losses on the same positions are recognised in Operating revenue/Cost of materials respectively. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of other items are recognised within Financial items. Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the income statement as Financial items.
i. Assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that balance sheet,
ii. Income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates, iii. All resulting exchange differences are booked to comprehensive income and presented in other
equity reserves.
F-27
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are booked as part of comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves. When a foreign operation is fully or partially sold, such exchange differences are booked out of comprehensive income and recognised in the income statement line Other gains and losses as part of the gain or loss on sale.
Property, plant and equipment Land and buildings comprise mainly mills, machinery and office premises. All property, plant and equipment (PPE) is shown at historical cost less subsequent depreciation and impairments. Historical cost includes expenditure directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. The residual value of production equipment is defined as the realisable value after deduction of the estimated cost of dismantling and removal of the asset. If the estimated cost exceeds the estimated value, the net liability is added to the cost of the related asset, and a provision is recognised as a liability in the balance sheet. Borrowing costs, which are directly related to qualifying assets, are recognised as part of the acquisition cost for the qualifying asset. Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repair and maintenance costs are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they are incurred. Land is not depreciated. Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts to their residual values over their estimated useful lives. The residual value and useful life of property, plant and equipment are reviewed and adjusted. Impairment test of property, plant and equipment are performed annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment are identified. An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount, and included in the income statement line Other gains and losses.
Biological assets Biological assets are measured upon initial recognition and at the end of each reporting period at fair value less estimated point-of-sale costs, unless fair value cannot be reliably measured. A gain or loss arising on initial recognition, and from changes in fair value during a period, is reported in net profit or loss for the period in which it arises. When fair value cannot be reliably estimated, the asset is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
