c) Available-for-sale financial assets Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives, which are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets unless management intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the balance sheet date.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured at their fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The group designates derivatives as either: a) Hedging of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedge), b) Derivatives at fair value through profit or loss. Upon inception of a transaction, the group documents the relationship between the hedging instruments and the hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedging transactions. The group also documents its assessment of whether the derivatives that are used are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. This assessment is documented both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis through the hedging period. Accounting for derivatives follows the intentions underlying the associated contract. At the time a contract is entered into, it is defined as either a hedging or a trading contract.
a) Net investment hedge Gains and losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge are recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income statement line Financial items. Gains and losses accumulated in equity are included in the income statement when the foreign operation is disposed of or sold.
b) Derivatives at fair value through profit or loss Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any of these derivative instruments are recognised in the income statement. The fair value of quoted investments is based on the current market price. If the market for a financial asset is not active, the group applies valuation techniques to establish the fair value. These include the use of recent arm's length transactions, reference to other instruments which are substantially the same, and discounted cash flow analyses defined to reflect the issuer's specific circumstances. Fair value includes the impact of credit risk and the adjustment for credit risk is dependent on whether the derivative is in the money (asset) or out of the money (liability) (see also Note 9).
F-30
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Shares, bonds, certificates, bills, etc. Shares, bonds and certificates classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are valued at market value, with changes in fair value recognised in the income statement.
Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Drawn bank overdrafts are shown as Interest-bearing current liabilities in the balance sheet.
Inventory Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method, or average purchase price. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.
