Restructuring provisions comprise mainly employee termination payments. Restructuring costs are costs which are not related to the ongoing operations. This includes for example severance (redundancy) payments, early retirement or other arrangements for employees leaving the company, external costs relating to coaching, counselling and assistance finding new jobs, or external costs to lawyers and legal advisors in relation to the de-manning process, and lease termination penalties. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
Where a number of similar obligations exist, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised within Financial items.
Revenue recognition
Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of the group's activities. Revenue is shown net of value added tax, returns, rebates and discounts and after eliminating sales within the group. The group's revenue consists almost exclusively of the sale of goods, and the principle for recognition of revenue is the same for newsprint and magazine paper.
F-33
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Revenue is recognised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have been transferred to the buyer. This will depend upon the buyer's delivery terms and will be in the range from the finalisation of the production to delivery of the goods to the buyer.
