a) Critical judgment in applying the group's accounting policies The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosures of contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting period. Norske Skog has for instance applied judgment when identifying and recognising embedded derivatives, when choosing to present certain items as ``Other gains and losses ``as separate line items and presenting profit or loss from associated companies after operating earnings. It is important to note that the use of a different set of assumptions for the presentation of the consolidated financial statements could have resulted in significant changes in the line items presented.
c) Annual assessment of the remaining economic life of PPE
The group conducts annual reviews of the remaining economic life of PPE. An increase or decrease in the remaining economic life will have an impact on future depreciation, as well as affect the cash flow horizon for calculating value in use. Economic life is estimated by considering the expected usage, physical wear and tear, as well as technical and commercial development. Assessment of future developments in demand in the markets Norske Skog's products are sold is central to the assessment of the economic life of the group's mills. Expected future demand, together with the competitiveness of Norske Skog's mills, is crucial for the determination of economic life. In addition, legal or other restrictions relating to usage could affect the economic life of the mills in the group.
d) Provision for future environmental obligations The group's provision for future environmental obligations is based on a number of assumptions made using management's best judgment. Changes in any of these assumptions could have an impact on the group's provision and group costs. See Note 20 for further information.
e) Residual value and dismantling provision The residual value of the group's production equipment is valued as the anticipated realisable value on the balance sheet date, after deducting the estimated costs relating to asset dismantling, removal and restoration. If the estimated costs exceed the estimated residual values, the net liability is added to the fixed asset cost in the balance sheet and a provision is recognised as a liability. The group performs a review of the residual value of its production equipment at the end of each accounting year. Residual value is affected by short-term changes in the underlying assumptions, for example scrap metal prices. A change in the residual value could have an impact on future depreciation costs. The provision for dismantling costs is based on a number of assumptions made using management's best judgment. See Note 20 for further information.
F-37
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
f) Fair value of derivatives and other financial instruments
