2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques. The group uses its judgment to select a variety of methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date. See Note 9 for more information.
g) Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that the tax assets will be realised. Significant judgment is required to determine the amount that can be recognised. The recognised amount depends foremost on the expected timing and level of future taxable profits. The judgments relate primarily to tax losses carried forward in Norske Skog's Norwegian operations. When an entity has a history of recent losses, the deferred tax asset arising from unused tax losses is recognised only to the extent that there is convincing evidence that sufficient future taxable profit will be generated. Estimated future taxable profit is not considered as convincing evidence unless the entity demonstrates the ability of generating significant taxable profit in the near future accounting periods or there are certain other events providing sufficient evidence of future taxable profit. The recognition of deferred tax assets is based on a number of assumptions based on management's best judgments. See Note 17 for further information.
h) Pensions
The present value of the pension obligation depends on several input factors that are determined by means of a number of actuarial assumptions. The assumptions used in calculating the net pension expense (income) include the discount rate and salary adjustment. Changes in these assumptions will affect the carrying value of the pension obligation. See Note 13 for further information.
3. OPERATING SEGMENTS
Reportable segments
Norske Skog is a producer of publication paper. Publication paper includes newsprint and magazine paper. Newsprint encompasses standard newsprint and other paper qualities used in newspapers, inserts, catalogues, etc. These paper qualities, measured in grammes per square meter, will normally be in the range 40-57 g/m2. Magazine paper encompasses the paper qualities super calendered (SC), machine finished coated (MFC) and light weight coated (LWC). These paper qualities are used in magazines, periodicals, catalogues and brochures.
