"Market Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio o f Market Adjusted Equity to Market Adjusted Total Assets.
"Market Value" means the aggregate fair market value o f the Vessels in NOK determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of each of the Vessels, on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free o f any existing charters or other contracts for employment, obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Vessels, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee. Such valuation shall be made at least semi-annually in connection with the presentation of the Issuer's relevant quarterly report or upon request by the Trustee. The cost of such valuation shall be for the account o f the Issuer.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any o f the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 16 May 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
6
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Net Interest Expense" means, at the date of calculation (on a consolidated basis for the Group), the aggregate consolidated gross interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest-bearing debt less the aggregate consolidated gross interest income o f the Group. For the avoidance o f doubt gains or losses on currency transactions and unrealized gains or losses from interest rate swaps shall not be considered as income or cost. Net Interest Expenses shall be calculated on a 12 month rolling basis.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates o f Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment o f the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.
