305238586
(i) not later than four Banking Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date, issue a notice to the Loan Trustee (for immediate distribution to the Bondholders) and the paying agent appointed in connection with the Bonds at the time confirming the amount (if any) of interest that is to be paid in cash and the amount of interest that is to be paid by way of PIK Interest (as defined and described below), and providing a detailed calculation of the Cash and Available Cash in the Group; and
(ii) on the relevant Interest Payment Date, satisfy its payment obligations with respect to the portion of the accrued interest that cannot be paid in cash due to insufficient Available Cash (such amount, the "Unpaid Accrued Interest") by the issue of additional Bonds (the "PIK Interest") by the Borrower to the Bondholders on a pro rata basis in amount equivalent to (a) the Unpaid Accrued Interest plus (b) the amount of additional interest that would have accrued on that portion of the Remaining Loan to which the Unpaid Accrued Interest relates since the last Interest Payment Date had the interest rate during that period been (A) from (and including) the Disbursement Date to (and excluding) the Former Maturity Date, LIBOR plus the applicable PIK Margin; or (B) from (and including) the Former Maturity Date, a fixed rate of 7.00 percentage points per annum.
For avoidance of doubt, the issue of additional Bonds in payment of PIK Interest shall be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the amount of PIK Interest that is payable on the Remaining Loan at each following Interest Payment Date.
9.2 From (and including) the Disbursement Date to (and excluding) the Former Maturity Date, the interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date on (i) LIBOR plus the Margin; or (ii) should LIBOR not be available, and after 14 February 2014, LIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from LIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a
305238586
chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
