7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.
7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party ranks as set out in the Clause 2.4 (Status o f the Bonds).
7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.
7.15 No Event-of Default-tdc. No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the issuance of the Bonds or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, these Bond Terms or the other Finance Documents, and no Financial Indebtedness, Security or Financial Support exists other than as permitted under the Bond Terms.
8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS 8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.
(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.
