10.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Change of Control Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
21/43
(b) The Change of Control Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Change of Control Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.4 (Change o f Control Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Change of Control Put Option will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Change of Control Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Change of Control Put Option. The Change of Control Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the thirty (30) calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above, however so that the settlement of the Change of Control Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Change of Control Repayment Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.4 (,Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Change of Control Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.5 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 {Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion.
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
