(c) a manager or a director includes a gerant or an administrateur;
(d) a guarantee includes any guarantee which is independent from the debt to which it relates and excludes any suretyship (cautionnement) within the meaning of Articles 2011 and seq. of the Luxembourg Civil Code; and
(e) insolvency or insolvency proceedings refers to any insolvency proceedings such as bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, winding-up, liquidation, moratorium, controlled management (gestion controlee), suspension of payment (sursis de paiement), voluntary arrangement with creditors (concordat preventif de la faillite), fraudulent conveyance, general settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar order or proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally and any proceedings in jurisdictions other than Luxembourg having similar effects.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in Norwegian Kroner and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is NOK 1.00 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is NOK 250,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount. The minimum permissible subscription amount upon the issuance of the Bonds is NOK 1,250,000. Any trading of the Bonds shall be made in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met (tested on a pro forma basis), the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the Nominal Amount and the Final Maturity Date applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Initial Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed NOK 400,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 17(e)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (other than as follows from the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement), except those obligations which are preferred in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
