(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met (tested on a pro forma basis), the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the Nominal Amount and the Final Maturity Date applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Initial Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed NOK 400,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 17(e)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
14
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Neither the Issuer nor the Agent shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws, and each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
(h) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Initial Bonds for (i) financing the acquisition of the Target Company, (ii) refinancing the Existing Debt, (iii) finance general corporate purposes, and (iv) financing the Transaction Costs. The proceeds from the issuance of any Subsequent Bonds shall be used to finance general corporate purposes of the Group, including capital expenditures and acquisitions.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds to the Proceeds Account is subject to the Agent having received, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):
