(viii) an agreed form Compliance Certificate; and
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been received by the Agent, the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the funds from the Proceeds Account in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Proceeds Account. The Agent is not responsible for reviewing the documents and evidence referred to in this Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) from a legal or commercial perspective on behalf of the Bondholders.
16
(d) The Agent, acting in its reasonable discretion, may regarding this Clause 4 waive the requirements for documentation, or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Agent and the Issuer, including execution (if applicable) and/or perfection of Transaction Security as soon as possible on or after the release of funds from the Proceeds Account according to the terms of the agreed closing procedure, and any applicable filing for registration of any Finance Document or other document provided for in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(e) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within 90 Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. The Issuer shall apply any funds in the Proceeds Account for the purpose of redemption, and any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(e). The redemption date shall fall no later than 20 Business Days after the ending of the 90 Business Days period referred to above.
(f) The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct and true, and that the Agent does not have to verify or asses the contents of any such documentation.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to Paying Agent or an Account Operator.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Agent will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
