19
(iv) any time from and including the date falling 36 months after First Call Date to, but excluding, the first CSD Business Day falling 42 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.050 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(v) any time from and including the first CSD Business Day falling 42 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. The notice shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
(c) Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises its right to redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a)(i), the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
9.4 Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Claw Back (call option)
(a) The Issuer may in connection with an Equity Listing Event redeem in part up to 35 per cent. of the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding from time to time at a price equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest NOK 10,000) plus a premium on the repaid amount in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) and shall, for the period until the First Call Date, be the price set out in 9.3(a)(ii), together with accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
(b) Partial redemption shall reduce the aggregated Nominal Amount of Bonds held by each Bondholder on a pro rata basis in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
(c) The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
