(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of 60 days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(c) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
9.7 General
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
10. Transaction Security and Guarantee
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer and certain Group Companies grant on or in connection with the First Issue Date the Transaction Security and the Guarantee, as applicable, to the Secured Parties as represented by the Security Agent.
21
(b) Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and applicable limitation language, the Guarantor will, as principal obligor (Sw. proprieborgen), pursuant to a Guarantee and Adherence Agreement guarantee the punctual fulfilment by the Issuer of the payment obligations under the Senior Finance Documents.
(c) The Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents.
(d) All security provided for pursuant to the Transaction Security shall be subject to, and limited as required by, financial assistance regulations and other corporate law limitations.
