(c)
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Reference Period" has the meaning as set out in Clause 15.1.
"Refinancing Amount" means the aggregate USD amount required for repayment of the Existing Bonds not applied as Settlement Bonds plus call premium and any accrued interest payable as set out in Clause 6.5, any unpaid fees, costs and expenses and any other amount whatsoever relating to the refinancing and discharge of the Existing Bonds.
"Reliance Assignment of Credit Rights" means the second priority assignments of Credit Rights under each of the Project Contract (both as defined in the Reliance Loan Agreement), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Credit Rights as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Reliance Assignment of Insurances" means a second priority assignment of the Insurances (as defined in the Reliance Loan Agreement) over the Floatel Reliance, ranking after the first priority assignment of such Insurances as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter Creditor Agreement.
"Reliance Assignment of Management Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Reliance Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Reliance (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Reliance Assignment of Project Contracts" means the second priority assignment of the rights of the Floatel Reliance Ltd. under the Project Contract (as defined in the Reliance Loan Agreement), including cure and step-in rights (to the extent permitted under such Project Contract), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Project Contact as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
