"Victory Assignment of Building Contract" means a first priority assignment of the Victory Building Contract, related performance guarantees/performance bonds and warranties, until the Victory Delivery Date
17
under each of the Operating Contracts (both as defined in the Victory Loan Agreement), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Earnings as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Victory Assignment of Insurances" means the second priority assignments of Insurances (as defined in the Victory Loan Agreement) over the Floatel Victory, ranking after the first priority assignment of such Earnings as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter Creditor Agreement.
"Victory Assignment of Management Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Victory Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Victory (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter Creditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Victory Assignment of Warranties" means the second priority assignment of Floatel Victory Ltd's rights under the builder's warranty pursuant to the Victory Building Contract effective as from the Victory Delivery Date, ranking after the first priority assignment of such warranties as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Victory Building Contract" means a building contract entered into on 10 June 2011 between the Issuer and the Builder and novated from the Issuer to Floatel Victory Ltd. on 20 September 2011.
"Victory Delivery Date" means the date on which title to and possession of Floatel Victory is transferred from the Builder to Floatel Victory Ltd. pursuant to the Victory Building Contract.
"Victory Loan Agreement" means the senior secured term loan facility agreement dated 12 July 2012 for the Senior Facility in respect of Floatel Victory entered into between Floatel Victory Ltd. as borrower, the Issuer as guarantor, ABN AMRO Bank B.V., Oslo Branch and Swedbank AB (publ) as bookrunning mandated lead arrangers, ING Bank N.V. and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as mandated lead arrangers, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. as agent, and the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 thereto as lenders.
