"Permitted Preference Share Distributions" means (i) any dividend related to Preference Shares or (ii) any dividend related to preference shares issued by the Issuer after the First Issue Date, provided that dividend in relation to this item (ii) shall only be permitted to be paid if such preference shares (a) have replaced Preference Shares, (b) do not have a higher market interest rate than the Preference Shares redeemed and provided further that the total aggregate amount of preference shares (including outstanding Preference Shares) do not exceed the total aggregate amount of Preference Shares.
"Preference Shares" means the preference shares issued by the Issuer, outstanding on the First Issue Date.
"Project" means (i) the acquisition of a real property or a real property company for the purpose of a subsequent development of residential buildings and/or other real estate, (ii) a construction and development of residential buildings and/or other real estate on a real property (as the case may be) and (iii) other activities relating to (i) and (ii) in the ordinary course of business.
"Project Entity" means any Subsidiary, joint-venture company, associated company (Sw. intressebolag), housing co-operative (Sw. bostadsrättsförening), partnership company (Sw. kommanditbolag), trading company (Sw. handelsbolag), economic association (Sw. ekonomisk förening) or any other legal entity which manages Projects on behalf of the Group.
"Project Facility" means any Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Group solely to finance a Project or part of a Project.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day o f that period.
9
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 15 (Distribution o fproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 11 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
