15
THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY
Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
The Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIB") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. In the application form relating to the Bonds, each person applying for the Bonds must confirm whether it is a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and if it is a U.S. person it must confirm, inter alia, that it is a QIB.
Holders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Holder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available) and (e) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act.
