10. 10.1
The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 8.1 and 8.2 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS
Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any other payment that shall be made under the Finance Documents shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits will be effectuated by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf o f the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effectuate payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accming in connection with the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax.
INTEREST
