Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur,
27
14.5 14.6
14.7 14.8 14.9 14.10
under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 14.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Trustee, provide the Trustee with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 14.1 and provide the Trustee with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 14.
The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Trustee according to Clause 14.4 if informing the Trustee would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with First North Stockholm or Nasdaq Stockholm (as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with First North Stockholm, Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from First North Stockholm or Nasdaq Stockholm or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non disclosure agreement with the Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Trustee according to Clause 14.4.
If the Trustee has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 14.1, the Trustee shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Trustee to terminate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Trustee or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders), the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Trustee harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 14, the Trustee shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
