(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Trustee, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the termination of the Bonds, the enforcement of the security interest created under the Security Documents, or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Trustee for external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Trustee in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Bonds.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 15.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 15.1.
Funds that the Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of the Bonds and/or enforcement of any or all of the security constitute escrow funds according to the Escrow Funds Act and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Tmstee shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 15 as soon as reasonably practicable.
If the Issuer or the Trustee shall make any payment under this Clause 15, the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.
29
16.
