"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Bonds (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Bonds in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bekken Family" means Sven Bekken, a Norwegian citizen with ID No. 511018-45779 and any spouse, child, parent, brother or sister of Sven Bekken.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument), issued by the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions.
2
"Bond Issue" means the Initial Bond Issue and any Subsequent Bond Issue.
