(b) for the purpose of subparagraph (b) of the definition "Make Whole Amount" under Clause 1.1 above, the interpolated SGB rate between the SGB 12 March 2019 (series 1052) and the SGB 1 December 2020 (series 1047) (mid rates), as determined by the Issuing Agent on the day preceding the date of the notification of redemption. If a quote for any aforementioned SGB rate is unavailable on the relevant date, the Issuing Agent may select a SGB rate it deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably).
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Trade Sale" means a sale of more than 51 per cent. of the shares in the Issuer to a third party (excluding any shareholders of the Issuer as per the First Issue Date).
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with costs in relation to acquisitions or investments, costs in relation to capital markets transactions, a Bond Issue, the Original Super Senior RCF, the Super Senior Hedges, the Transaction Security and the admission to trading of the Bonds (including but not limited to fees to the Sole Bookrunner and the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds).
"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents.
16
"Verdane" means Verdane Capital VII K/S, CVR-nr. 32153534 or Verdane Capital ETF III SPV K/S, CVR-nr 29403457, or any other private equity fund or investment vehicle advised by Verdane Capital Advisors in accordance with the terms of the advisory agreement with Verdane Capital Advisors as it applies to Verdane Capital VII K/S and Verdane Capital ETF III SPV K/S at the original date of this Agreement.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Written Procedure).
1.2 Construction
