(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 550,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with (i) the Super Senior Debt pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, but will receive proceeds distributable by the Security Agent only after the Super Senior Debt has been repaid in full, and (ii) all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) Subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction, other than Sweden, that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
18
3. Use of Proceeds
(a) The Net Proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue shall be applied by the Issuer towards:
(i) firstly, repayment of principal and payment of accrued but unpaid interest and other costs and fees under or in relation to the Existing Financing and the Existing Shareholder Loans, and
(ii) secondly, general corporate purposes of the Group (including acquisitions).
