23
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full, at an amount per Bond equal to the Make Whole Amount, or at an amount per Bond equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if redeemed on the Final Maturity Date, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Notwithstanding the above, provided that the redemption is financed by way of one or several Market Loan issues, the Issuer may redeem early all, but not some only, of the Bonds at any time from and including the date falling 33 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
9.4 Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Claw Back (call option)
(a) The Issuer may, provided that the Bonds have been and remain listed at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq Stockholm, on one or more occasion in connection with an Equity Listing Event, redeem in part up to 40 per cent. of the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding from time to time at a price equal to 103 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (or, if lower, the Call Option Amount for the relevant period), together with any accrued but unpaid Interest on the redeemed amount.
(b) Partial redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4(a) shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to the nearest Swedish Krona).
(c) Partial redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4(a) shall occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
9.5 Voluntary total redemption upon a Trade Sale (call option)
The Issuer may, upon a Trade Sale, redeem early all, but not some only, of the Bonds on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest.
