(a) Upon a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or Delisting occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of 20 Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or Delisting pursuant to Clause 12.1(c) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(c) The Issuer intends to list the Initial Bonds within five months after the First Issue Date on Nasdaq Stockholm, and failure to list shall constitute a Listing Failure.
9.9 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9 (other than Clause 9.8 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or Delisting (put option)) may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but may not be cancelled. Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.8 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or Delisting (put option)) may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold, or cancelled.
25
10. Transaction Security and Guarantees
(a) Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and applicable limitation language, as continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the payment obligations under the Senior Finance Documents, the Issuer and the relevant Group Companies grants on the First Issue Date the Transaction Security to the Bondholders (as represented by the Agent), the Agent and the other Secured Parties.
(b) Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and applicable limitation language, each Guarantor will, as principal obligor (Sw. proprieborgen), pursuant to a Guarantee Agreement guarantee the punctual fulfilment by the Issuer of the payment obligations under the Senior Finance Documents.
