4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
Purchase and transfer of Bonds
5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
16/60
5.3 The Bonds are being offered only (i) to non~"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act") and (ii) to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB.
5.4 The Bonds will not be offered to and may not be purchased by any investor save for in accordance with the abovementioned exemptions within the United States or appropriate exemptions under the laws of any other jurisdictions.
5.5 The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada. See further details and description of applicable subscription and transfer restrictions in the Offering Memorandum and the Application Form. Failure by investors to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities legislation.
5.6 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of this Clause 5 or other applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.
