"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement between the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders), each Group Company and any shareholder of a Group Company that has granted one or more Shareholder Loans.
"Interest Payment Date" means 23 February, 23 May, 23 August and 23 November in each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 23 August 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
6
STOCKHOLM 605091
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Notes, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date (in respect of Notes issued before the first Interest Payment Date only) or the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3 months STIBOR plus 7.25 per cent. per annum.
"Issuer" means Telecare Service Holding A/S, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Denmark with reg. no. 35254552.
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA (reg. no. 883 603 362), with registered address Munkedamsveien 45, 0205 Oslo, Norway, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other regulated market place.
