Interest on a date determined by the Issuer, or (ii) an Acquisition Failure Event occurs, at an amount per Note equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer.
A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to the higher of (i) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, and (ii) the Call Option Amount, in each case together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 shall be promptly cancelled by the Issuer.
TRANSACTION SECURITY
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer agrees to grant on the First Escrow Release Date the Transaction Security (except for the share pledge over the shares of the Target Company not being acquired in connection with the First Disbursement, and pledges over any intercompany loans in relation to such Target Company) to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
