(f) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on the date falling thirty three (33) months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. The Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Equity Ratio and the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Net Asset Value.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.1.
"Conditions Subsequent" means all events and evidences set forth in Clause 14.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"De-listing Event" means a situation where (i) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market; or (ii) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
"Delivery Hero Loan Receivable" means a receivable due to the Issuer under a loan extended to Delivery Hero Holding GmbH. The loan matures on 1 September 2018, has a nominal value of EUR 25,000,000 and has been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee) under the Delivery Hero Loan Receivable Pledge Agreement.
"Delivery Hero Loan Receivable Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over all the Issuer's present and future money claims under the Delivery Hero Loan Receivable from time to time, granted in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee).
"Deposit Account" means a bank account of the Issuer into which any proceeds from the repayment or prepayment (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding interest payments) of the
