Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Trustee. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.8 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the De-listing Event (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.8 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.8 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 11.2.
Mandatory repurchase due to failure to fulfil the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement
If the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have not been fulfilled within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds at a price equal to one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Escrow Account shall in such case be applied towards redemption of the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.
11.5.2 12. 12.1
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.5.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Trustee. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable. Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
