Trustee according to Clause 15.4.
If the Trustee has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a
default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 15.1, the Trustee shall (i)
15.7
15.8 15.9 15.10 16. 16.1
notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Trustee to terminate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Trustee or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders), the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Trustee harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 15, the Trustee shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 15 without relevant decision by the Trustee or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
