21.1.2
(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
The Trustee shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Trustee, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE
Appointment of Trustee
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Trustee to act as its agent and security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Trustee to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion), or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Trustee to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Trustee provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), as the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
