reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1.
18.4 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
18.5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within 20 Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting person may convene the Bondholders' Meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Bondholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Bondholder provide the Bondholder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person to open the Bondholders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting person.
18.6 At a Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bondholders (or the Bondholders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Bondholders' Meeting instead of the Bondholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Bondholder.
18.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to
vote without attending the meeting in person.
19
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
19.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholders) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
