"Interest Rate" means 3-month STIBOR plus 3.75 per cent, per annum;
"Issuer" means HOIST Kredit AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556329-5699, P.O. Box 7848, SE-103 99 Stockholm, Sweden;
"Issuer Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer (or any class
3 (31)
thereof), after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the Issuer in connection with such listing or at any time thereafter ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Parent;
"Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 5164060138, SE-103 38, Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions;
"Main Shareholders" means Olympus Investment S.a r.l., a private limited liability company (societe a responsabilite limitee) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with company reg. no. B 57296 and registered address 4, rue Dicks, L-1417 Luxembourg and Beagle Investments S.A. a public limited liability company {societe anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with company reg. no. B 57296 and registered address 4, rue Dicks, L -1417 Luxembourg;
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness incurred by way of an issue of commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), if such securities are or can become subject to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (Sw. handelsplattforni) or any unregulated recognised market place;
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability to comply with its payment obligations in relation to the Bonds or to perform and comply with the undertakings set out in Clause 13 {General undertakings), or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents;
