(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is USD 1.
2.2 Tenor of the Bonds The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.
2.3 Use of proceeds The Issuer will use the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of fees, legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses) in payment of capital and operating expenses associated with the development of the Pilgangoora Project (except for a Permitted CapEx Increase).
2.4 Status of the Bonds The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will tank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).
2.5 Transaction Security (a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall procure that the Pre-Settlement Security is granted in favour of the Bond Trustee with first priority within the times agreed in Clause 6 (Conditionsfo r disbursement).
(b) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Obligors shall procure that the Pre-Disbursement Security is granted in favour of the Security Trustee within the times agreed in Clause 6 (Conditionsfo r disbursement).
(c) The Transaction Security and the Security Trust Deed shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Security Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant documents.
(d) Once all of the material assets of the' Pilgangoora Project are transferred (including the assignment of the benefit of material contracts) from the Parent Guarantor to the Issuer, the relevant security interest granted by the Parent Guarantor over any such material assets transferred, will be released and then shall be secured by the Transaction Security granted by the Issuer, and, to the extent not already secured by the Transaction Security, reconfirmed or replaced by corresponding Security in the assets granted by the Issuer, and the Issuer shall take all reasonably necessary actions and execute suqh documents as may be necessary to uphold and perfect such Security.
(e) For the avoidance of doubt, if and to the extent any shares in the Project Guarantor are sold as permitted by these Bond Terms, the Security over such shares shall be released no later than upon the completion of the sale of the shares.
