AS A LISTING PROSPECTUS AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND NO SECURITIES ARE BEING OFFERED OR SOLD PURSUANT TO THIS PROSPECTUS.
i
Important information
This prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been prepared in connection with the listing on Oslo Børs (the "Listing") of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA's ("PGS" or the "Company") U.S. $ 400,000,000 2.7 per cent. convertible notes due 2012 (the "Notes"). The Notes are convertible into ordinary shares of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions").
The Company has furnished the information in this Prospectus. Barclays Bank PLC ("Barclays") and Carnegie ASA ("Carnegie" and together with Barclays the "Joint Lead Managers") make no representation or warranty, whether expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, and nothing contained in this Prospectus is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise, representation or warranty by the Joint Lead Managers. This Prospectus has been prepared to comply with the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 2007 and related legislation, including the EC Commission Regulation EC/809/2004. Oslo Børs has reviewed and approved this Prospectus in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 2007 Section 7-7. This Prospectus has been published in an English version only.
All inquiries relating to this Prospectus should be directed to the Company. No other person has been authorized to give any information, or make any representation, on behalf of the Company in connection with the Listing. If given or made, such other information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Company or the Joint Lead Managers.
The information contained herein is complete and accurate as of the date hereof and subject to change, completion or amendment without notice. There may have been changes affecting the Company or its subsidiaries subsequent to the date of this Prospectus. Any new material information and any material inaccuracy that might have an effect on the assessment of the Notes or the Ordinary Shares arising after the publication of this Prospectus and before the Listing, will be published and announced promptly as a supplement to this Prospectus in accordance with Section 7-15 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 2007. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the completion of the Listing at any time after the date hereof will, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the Company's affairs since the date hereof or that the information set forth in this Prospectus is correct as of any time since its date.
The distribution of this Prospectus may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law. Persons in possession of this Prospectus are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation to subscribe or purchase, any of the Notes or other securities.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the "US Securities Act"), or with any securities authority of any state of the United States. The Notes are being offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the US Securities Act and, except in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act, may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the benefit of U.S. persons.
