The Company is not aware of any material contracts that are not entered into by the Company in the ordinary course of its business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Company's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes.
8
THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP
8.1 Introduction
The Group is one of the major global participants in the acquisition of marine three dimensional (3D) seismic data. The Group acquires, processes, interpret, markets and sells seismic data worldwide that is used by oil and natural gas companies to help them find oil and natural gas and to determine the size and structure of known oil and natural gas reservoirs. In the seismic projects, the Group is involved in planning the seismic surveys and acquiring and processing the seismic data. Oil and natural gas companies use this information in evaluating whether to acquire new leases or licenses in areas with potential accumulations of oil and natural gas, in selecting drilling locations, in modeling oil and natural gas reservoir areas and in managing producing reservoirs. The Group uses the Group's High Density 3D - HD3D® technology to acquire 3D data with higher trace densities, giving improved resolution of the subsurface and higher quality images of the reservoirs.
Oil and natural gas companies use 4D or time lapse surveys, which are surveys produced by the repetition of identical 3D surveys over time, to assist in their evaluation of subsurface geophysical conditions that change over time due to the depletion and production of reservoir fluids. This evaluation provides for more efficient production of the reservoir and the possible
69
extension of the reservoir's useful life. The Group provides this service as well as the acquisition of more conventional two dimensional (2D) seismic data.
The Group acquires seismic data both on an exclusive contract basis for its customers and on its own behalf as multi-client data for licensing from time to time to multiple customers on a non-exclusive basis. In some of the projects, the Group shares interests in the revenue from the sales of the multi-client data with third parties. During 2006, the Group used its active seismic vessel acquisition capacity, measured by time, approximately 83 per cent. to acquire contract data and approximately 17 per cent. to acquire multi-client data. This compares to approximately 91 per cent. and 9 per cent., respectively, for 2005 and 88 per cent. and 12 per cent., respectively, for 2004.
