When the Group acquires seismic data on a contract basis, the customers direct the scope and extent of the survey and retain ownership of the data obtained. Contracts for seismic data acquisition, which are generally awarded on a competitive bid basis, may include both a dayrate and a production rate element.
70
The Group performed contract operations during 2006 in the North Sea; offshore Brazil; offshore West and South Africa; in the Mediterranean; offshore Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia and other countries in the Asia Pacific region; offshore Russia; offshore Qatar; onshore in the continental U.S. as well as Alaska, Canada, Mexico, Venezuela, Libya and Bangladesh; and in shallow water offshore Nigeria.
8.2.2 M u lti-C lien t O perations
From the perspective of an oil and natural gas company, licensing multi-client seismic data on a non-exclusive basis is typically less expensive on a per unit basis than acquiring the seismic data on an exclusive basis. From the Group's perspective, multi-client seismic data can be more cost effective to acquire and may be sold a number of times to different customers over a period of years. As a result, multi-client seismic data has the potential to be more profitable than contract data. However, when the Group acquires multi-client seismic data the Group assumes the risk that future sales may not cover the cost of acquiring and processing such seismic data. Obtaining pre-funding for a portion of these costs reduces this risk, and typically the Group requires a relatively high level of pre-funding before beginning a project. The Group determines the level of pre-funding that is required before initiating a multi-client seismic survey by evaluating various factors affecting the sales potential of each survey. These factors include:
 the existence, quality and age of any seismic data that may already exist in the area;
 the amount of leased acreage in the area;
 whether or when an award of a license to explore and develop an area for production to be covered by a survey is expected to be granted;
 the prospectivity of the area in question for hydrocarbons and for future licenses of multi-client data;
