76
8.5 Major transactions during 2007
During 2007, the Company acquired MTEM, Ltd, a provider of electromagnetic ("EM") services used to detect the presence of hydrocarbons, for a price of U.S.$ 275 million on a debt free basis. MTEM is a company with patent protected technology and MTEM currently has several supplementary patent applications pending. The technology is complementary to PGS' own development of towed EM, the technologies together positioning PGS to address the emerging EM market. The EM technology can be utilised both within the marine and the onshore business segments.
Further, during 2007, PGS acquired Applied Geophysical Services, Inc. ("AGS") for a price of U.S.$ 51 million, subject to certain adjustments for changes in working capital. PGS estimates an enterprise value for AGS of approximately USD 46 million. AGS is based in Houston, Texas, USA and specialises in providing advanced depth imaging services to the oil and gas industry, currently focusing primarily on the depth market in the Gulf of Mexico, using a proprietary 3D beam migration technology. AGS has more than a 20 year track record in the Gulf of Mexico.
In 2007, PGS also purchased Roxicon Geogrids AS based in Stavanger Norway for U.S.$ 12 million. Roxicon is specialising in multi-client seismic data merging for the North Sea based on released data sets for the Norwegian Continental Shelf.
In November 2007, PGS acquired approximately 91 per cent. of the shares in Arrow at a price of NOK 96 per share. By a mandatory offer and offer to and notification of compulsory acquisition document dated 3 December 2007, PGS acquired the remaining outstanding shares in Arrow pursuant to the provisions of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 1997 and the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act. At the date of this Prospectus, PGS is the owner of all the issued and outstanding shares in Arrow.
In 2007, PGS has also announced that it has reached an agreement with METI for a long term cooperation agreement, which includes the sale and flag change of the 3D seismic vessel Ramform Victory and the continued provision by PGS of intellectual property and technical and operational services. The vessel will be used by METI in a planned 10 years seismic campaign to survey approximately 70,000 square kilometres of the Japanese Continental Shelf. As part of the transaction, a service agreement has been entered into between PGS and METI for technical and operational support providing PGS with an exclusive right to provide such services relating to Ramform Victory during the survey period. The commercial terms of the agreement are fixed for four years. METI took delivery of Ramform Victory in January
77
2008. Under the agreements, aggregate amounts of U.S.$ 225 million (approximately 91 per cent. of which is denominated in JPY) became payable to PGS upon reaching defined milestones and delivery of the vessel, with approximately 60 per cent. being paid in 2007 and 45 per cent. being paid in Q1 2008. It is the intention of PGS to purchase the vessel at the end of the survey period. Further, the Company has also been invited to deliver additional services relating to Ramform Victory after the sale to METI, including the maritime operation of the vessel
