Jens Ulltveit-Moe - Chairperson Francis Robert Gugen - Vice Chairperson/Director Siri Beate Hatlen - Director Wenche Kjplas - Director Harald Norvik - Director Holly Van Deursen - Director Daniel J. Piette - Director
M r. G u g en is currently active as a consultant and an investor in the energy industry. He served with Amerada Hess Corporation for eighteen years, from 1982 to 2000, holding
78
various positions including chief executive of Amerada Hess UK from 1995 to 2000 and chief executive of Northwestern Europe from 1998 to 2000. Mr. Gugen acts as chairperson and non-executive director for various other companies, including the AIM listed Island Gas Resources plc, Chrysaor Limited and The Britannia Building Society, where he also sits on the audit committee. Mr. Gugen has earlier worked for Arthur Andersen and is a UK chartered accountant. As of the date of this Prospectus, Mr. Gugen holds, directly or indirectly, no Ordinary Shares in PGS.
M s. H a tle n is currently Executive Vice President in Statkraft AS. Before that she was an independent consultant from 1996 until 2007 and worked as manager for hire in several companies. She is Chairperson of the Board of Directors of AS Vinmonopolet, a wine retailer, and Samlaget, a publishing firm. In addition she holds board memberships among others in the industrial group Kongsberggruppen ASA, and the technical university NTNU. From 1986 to 1996, she held various positions in Statoil's Project Division. In 1984, she worked for one year at Elf Aquitaine, France. From 1981 to 1983 she worked for Norwegian Petroleum Consultants. Ms. Hatlen holds a master of science degree in Process Engineering from the Technical University of Trondheim (NTNU) and an MBA from INSEAD. As of the date of this Prospectus, Ms. Hatlen holds, directly or indirectly, no Ordinary Shares in PGS.
M s. K j0 lä s is currently working as chief financial officer in Grieg Logistics AS, a logistics provider. Prior to that, she served as chief financial officer in the food company Kavli Holding AS. From 1997 to 1999, she acted as Managing Director in O.Kavli AS, Norway, and from 1995 as Financial Director in Kavli Holding AS. From 1993 to 1995, she was Financial Manager in Hakon Gruppen AS, a food retailer, in Bergen. From 1986 to 1992, she was employed with Touche Ross Management Consultants; from 1986 to 1990 as Management Consultant in Bergen and from 1990 to 1992 as Manager. Ms. Kjplas has board experience from several companies, including the aquaculture company Cermaq ASA, the offshore vessel company DOF ASA, the shared services provider Grieg Group Resources AS, O.Kavli AS and the dairy Q-Meieriene AS. She is also member of the General Assembly of Sparebankstiftelsen DnBNOR. As of the date of this Prospectus, Ms. Kjplas holds, directly or indirectly, 2,000 Ordinary Shares in PGS through the company Jawendel AS.
M r. N o r v ik is strategic adviser in the consulting company ECON Pöyry. He is chairman of the Board of Directors of Telenor ASA and in the publishing firm Aschehoug, member of the Board of Directors in ConocoPhillips Inc. and member of the Board of Directors in Umoe. He served as chief executive officer of Statoil from 1988 to 1999. He was finance director and a member of the executive board of the Aker Group from 1981 to 1988. He served as personal secretary to the Prime Minister of Norway and as Deputy Minister in The Ministry of Petroleum and Energy from 1979 to 1981. Mr. Norvik has a master of science degree in business from The Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration. As of the date of this Prospectus, Mr. Norvik holds, directly or indirectly, no Ordinary Shares in PGS.
M s. V a n D e u r s e n currently divides her time between advising and investing in start-up companies and serving as a non-executive director of Petroleum Geo-Services, Anson Industries, Bemis Company, Inc. and Capstone Microturbine Corporation and a not-for-profit school. She served as a member of BP plc's top-forty executive team, as Group Vice
79
