M s. V a n D e u r s e n currently divides her time between advising and investing in start-up companies and serving as a non-executive director of Petroleum Geo-Services, Anson Industries, Bemis Company, Inc. and Capstone Microturbine Corporation and a not-for-profit school. She served as a member of BP plc's top-forty executive team, as Group Vice
President Petrochemicals from 2003 to 2005 and Group Vice President Strategy from 2001 to 2003. Prior to these executive positions, Ms. Van Deursen held a variety of senior roles with BP and Amoco Corporation in Chicago, London and Hong Kong. She has previously served on the Board of Directors of the American Chemistry Council, as well as Amoco joint ventures in Korea, Taiwan and Japan. Ms. Van Deursen holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Kansas and a masters degree in business administration from the University of Michigan. As of the date of this Prospectus, Ms. Van Deursen holds, directly or indirectly, no Ordinary Shares in PGS.
M r. P ie tte is currently working as CEO in Open Spirit Corporation. Open Spirit Corporation is an independent software company focused on providing integration solutions for upstream applications and data to E&P companies. Mr. Piette has a BS in Mining Engineering with Honors from the University of Wisconsin. Before joining Open Spirit Corporation in 2003 Mr. Piette was a Business Unit Manager at Input/Output, running the Land Data Acquisition Systems group in 2002 and 2003. From 2001 he worked as COO for S/N Technologies which was acquired by Input/Output in 2002. In the period 2000 to 2001 he ran his own consulting business out of Houston. In 1996, he joined Bell Geospace, a venture funded start-up that used military technology to collect gravity gradient data for natural resource exploration, as VP of Sales and Marketing. He was appointed President and CEO in 1999. He worked for Landmark Graphics from 1989 to 1996 holding several positions, lastly as Vice President and General Manager of the Asia Pacific region, based in Singapore. Before this he has also held numerous positions with Terra-Mar, DPC&A and Exxon Company USA. As of the date of this Prospectus, Mr. Piette holds, directly or indirectly, 400 Ordinary Shares in PGS.
The business address of the Directors is Strandveien 4, 1366 Lysaker, Norway.
None of the Directors has any conflict of interest between the duties the Directors have towards the Company and the duties or rights the Directors have towards private interests or other commitments.
9.2 Senior management
The senior management of the Company consists of:
Svein Rennemo President and CEO Gottfred Langseth Executive Vice President and CFO Rune Eng Group President Marine Eric Wersich Group President Onshore Sverre Strandenes Group President Data Processing and Technology
The business address for the senior management is Petroleum Geo-Services ASA, Strandveien 4, 1366 Lysaker, Norway.
