M r. S tra n d e n e s was appointed Group President, Data Processing and Technology in November, 2006. He joined PGS in 1995 from Norsk Hydro Research Centre, where he served as Department Manager of Geosciences. Since 1995, Mr. Strandenes has held various
senior management positions within the Company, most recently as President, Marine Geophysical EAME Region. Mr. Strandenes graduated with a master's degree in geophysics from the University of Bergen in 1981. As of the date of this Prospectus, Mr. Strandenes held, directly or indirectly, 4,652 Ordinary Shares in PGS.
Mr. Reinhardsen will take up his position as President and CEO on 1 April 2008. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Reinhardsen served as President of Growth of the NYSE listed company ALCOA. Mr. Reinhardsen has held numerous positions inter alia within the Aker Kværner group. He has a degree in mathematics and geophysics from the University of Bergen, and an IEP degree from Lausanne, Switzerland. He currently serves as a director on the board of Leif Hoegh & Co. Ltd. As of the date of this Prospectus, Mr. Reinhardsen does not hold any Ordinary Shares in PGS.
None of the senior executives has any conflict of interest between the duties the senior executives have towards the Company and the duties or rights the senior executives have towards private interests or other commitments.
9.3 Other committees
9.3.1 Shareholder appointed nomination committee
The Company's shareholders have elected a nomination committee in accordance with Norwegian corporate governance best practices. The members of the committee, consisting of Mr. Roger O'Neil (chairperson), Ms. Hanne Harlem and Ms. C. Maury Devine, are not members of the Board of Directors. The business address for the members of the nomination committee is Petroleum Geo-Services ASA c/o secretary of the nomination committee Rune Olav Pedersen, Strandveien 4, 1366 Lysaker Norway. Except for being members of the nomination committee, none of the members has any formal positions with the Company. The nomination committee is responsible for making recommendations for consideration by the shareholders relating to:
· individuals who are nominated to serve as members of the Board of Directors and as the chairperson of the Board of Directors;
· individuals who are nominated to serve as members of the nomination committee and as the chairperson of the nomination committee;
