 individuals who are nominated to serve as members of the Board of Directors and as the chairperson of the Board of Directors;
 the remuneration of the directors and the members of the nomination committee; and
 any amendments of the nomination committee mandate and charter.
None of the members of the nomination committee has any conflict of interest between the duties the members have towards the Company and the duties or rights the members have towards private interests or other commitments.
82
9.3.2 Sub-committees to the Board of Directors
The Company's remuneration and corporate governance committee consists of Mr. Norvik (chairperson), Ms. Hatlen and Ms. Van Deursen. The committee is a sub-committee established by the Board of Directors. The remuneration and corporate governance committee supports the Board of Directors in the administration and exercise of the Board of Directors' responsibility for supervisory oversight of (i) overall policy and structure with respect to compensation and incentive matters, including compensation and incentive arrangements for the Company's chief executive officer and other senior executive officers and (ii) the Groups corporate governance policies and structure.
The Company's audit committee currently consists of three members, Mr. Gugen (chairperson), Ms. Kjplas and Mr. Piette. The committee is a sub-committee established by the Board of Directors. The audit committee acts to support the Board of Directors in the administration and exercise of the Board of Directors' responsibility for supervisory oversight under applicable Norwegian and other laws and stock exchange listing standards in connection with the Company's financial statements and various audit, accounting and regulatory requirements. The audit committee is responsible for proposing to the full Board of Directors, for presentation and election at the Company's annual general meeting of shareholders, the independent registered public accounting firm of PGS. The audit committee is also responsible for supporting the Board of Directors in the administration and exercise of the Board of Directors' responsibility for supervisory oversight in relation to, among other items:
 financial statement and disclosure matters, including the Company's quarterly and annual financial statements and related disclosures;
