Dividends distributed to non-resident shareholders are in general subject to a Norwegian withholding tax of 25 per cent., unless otherwise provided for in an applicable tax treaty (or exemptions for EEA shareholders apply, see below). Norway has entered into tax treaties with more than 70 countries. In most tax treaties the withholding tax rate is reduced to 15 per cent.
Dividends paid to a non-resident shareholder in respect of nominee registered shares are not eligible for reduced treaty-rate withholding at the time of payment, unless the nominee, by agreeing to provide certain information regarding beneficial owners, has obtained approval for reduced treaty-rate withholding from the Central Office - Foreign Tax Affairs. To obtain such approval the nominee is required to file a summary to the tax authorities including all beneficial owners that are subject to withholding tax at a reduced rate.
Withholding tax on dividends distributed to corporate shareholders resident in the EEA has been abolished.
When distributing dividends to individual shareholders resident in EEA, the Company will deduct withholding tax according to the relevant tax treaty. If the withholding tax withheld by the Company exceeds the tax that would have been imposed according to the calculations applicable to resident individual shareholders, the individual shareholder resident in the EEA may apply for a refund of the excess tax. When calculating such tax the general withholding tax rate of 25 per cent. is applicable, and not the general tax rate of 28 per cent. applicable to resident personal shareholders. In effect this gives the personal shareholder resident in the EEA the choice between using the withholding tax rate determined in the tax treaty or, if more beneficial, the tax rate that would have applied had the foreign shareholder been a resident of Norway for tax purposes.
If a non-resident shareholder is engaged in business activities in Norway and the shares with respect to which the dividend is paid are effectively connected with such activities, the dividend will be taxed in the same manner as dividend paid to a resident shareholder, see description of taxation of resident shareholders.
In the budget proposal for 2008, the Norwegian Government has proposed to narrow the exemption from withholding tax for corporate shareholders resident within the EEA. According to the proposal, only corporate shareholders which are genuinely established and carry out genuine economic activity within the EEA will benefit from the exemption. The proposal will be decided upon by the Parliament later in 2007.
91
12.2.3 Taxation upon realisation o f shares
Resident Corporate Shareholders
