12.2.3 Taxation upon realisation o f shares
For resident corporate shareholders, gains from sale or other disposal of shares in the Company are currently exempt from taxation, and losses suffered from such realisation are not tax deductible. Costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of shares are not deductible.
Resident Individual Shareholders
For resident individual shareholders gains from sale or other disposal of shares are taxable as ordinary income at a rate of 28 per cent. and losses are deductible against ordinary income.
Gain or loss is calculated per share, as the difference is the sales price minus the acquisition cost of the share. A taxable gain on a share may be reduced by unused calculated allowance connected to the same share, but may not lead to or increase a deductible loss. Further, unused allowance may not be set off against gains from realisation of other shares.
The tax free allowance is allocated to the individual shareholders holding shares at the end of each calendar year. Individual shareholders who transfer shares will not be entitled to deduct any calculated allowance related to the year of transfer.
If a shareholder disposes of shares acquired at different times, the shares that were first acquired will be deemed as first sold (the FIFO-principle) upon calculating taxable gain or loss.
Costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of shares may be deducted in the year of sale.
A resident individual shareholder who moves abroad and ceases to be a tax resident of Norway or is regarded as tax resident of another jurisdiction according to an applicable tax treaty, will be deemed taxable in Norway for any potential gain related to the shares held at the time the tax residency ceased or the time when the shareholder was regarded as tax resident of another jurisdiction according to an applicable tax treaty, as if the shares were realised at this time (exit taxation). Currently, gains of NOK 500,000 or less are not taxable. If the shareholder moves to a jurisdiction within the EEA, potential losses related to shares held at the time tax residency ceases will be tax deductible. Taxation (loss deduction) will occur at the time the shares are actually sold or otherwise disposed of. The tax liability calculated according to these provisions will not apply i.a. if the shares are not realised within five years after the shareholder ceased to be resident in Norway for tax purposes or was regarded as tax resident in another jurisdiction according to an applicable tax treaty.
