95
Norway - Exit Shipping Regime
Until 1 January 2002, a foreign subsidiary was included in the Norwegian shipping tax regime. No deferred taxes were recognised on unremitted earnings in this subsidiary prior to the withdrawal from the regime as these earnings at that time were expected to be reinvested indefinitely within the regime. Subsequently in 2003 it was decided to exit with effect from 2002. The Norwegian Central Tax Office ("CTO") has not yet finalised the 2002 tax assessment in relation to withdrawal from the Norwegian shipping tax regime. The pending issue is related to the assessment of the fair value of the vessels involved. The Company based such exit values on third party valuations, while the CTO has raised the issue whether the Company's book values at 31 December 2001, would be more appropriate as basis for computing the tax effects of the exit. Any increase of exit values will result in an increase of taxable exit gain and a corresponding increase in basis for future tax depreciation. The Company does not have sufficient information to calculate the possible additional exposure if the CTO position is upheld. However it is considered reasonably possible that a liability exists. Based on events and new information received during the first quarter of 2007 the Company has evaluated that it is more likely than not that there will not be an outflow of resources related to this contingent tax liability, hence the tax accrual as of 31 December 2006 is reversed in the first quarter of 2007.
Brazil - Service Tax Claim
The Company has an ongoing dispute in Brazil related to municipal services tax ("ISS") for late sales of multi-client data. The issue is whether the Company is actually liable for ISS tax on such sales and, if it is liable for such taxes, to which municipality such taxes should be paid (municipalities levy ISS tax at different rates). The maximum theoretical exposure including all years at December 31, 2007 amounts to $ 44 million of ISS tax. In addition interest charges and penalties could run up to a maximum of $ 54 million. ISS is a service tax, and the Company's primary view is that licensing of multi-client data held by PGS should be treated as rental of an asset rather than performance of a service, and therefore not subject to ISS. The Company intends to vigorously defend its view. The Company has not made any accrual for this contingency.
These are still in various phases of administrative proceedings. During 2007 there have been various developments in all of these contingencies, eliminating the Companies exposure in Singapore, reducing the likelihood of taxes becoming payable related to the CTO issue and increasing the Companies estimate of maximum exposure in the ISS issue in Brazil. However, at the same time the Company believes that the likelihood that the Companies position in the ISS issue will prevail has increased. The Company believes that in total its positions on the disclosed tax contingencies at the date of this Prospectus are not materially worse that disclosed in its annual report for 2006.
96
14.2 The Trustee
The Notes are constituted by a trust deed dated 20 December 2007 (the "Trust Deed") between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being appointed as the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the holders of the Notes. The principal place of business of the Trustee is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX, United Kingdom.
