2.1 Risks attached to the Group and the industry in which it operates
The demand for geophysical services is dependent upon overall global economic development and oil and gas price developments. Fluctuations and changes in these conditions may affect the Group's revenues and results. The Group's business and operations will depend substantially on the level of activity and capital spending by oil and gas companies in particular in relation to development and exploration. The activities of the oil and gas companies tend to follow the prices of oil and gas which have fluctuated widely over the recent years. A decrease in the prices of oil and gas may have a negative impact on the expenditure on exploration activities and thus may affect the demand for the services of the Group. Financial projections for and valuation of the Group's assets are largely based on certain assumptions including those related to future market conditions for the markets in which the Group will sell its services. Actual changes in market conditions may affect the accuracy of the assumptions and future prospects of the Group. Historically, the markets for oil and gas have been volatile and currently oil and gas prices worldwide are significantly above historic levels.
2.1.2 Significant investments are made without certainty of revenue
PGS invests significant amounts in acquiring and processing seismic data that the Group owns ("multi-client data"). Future multi-client data licenses, including the timing of such licenses, are uncertain and depend on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Group's control. By making such investments, the Group assumes the risk that:
· it may not fully recover the costs of the data through future licenses; and
· the value of the multi-client data could be adversely affected by, among other things, any adverse change in the general prospects for oil and natural gas exploration, development and production activities in the areas where the Group acquires multi-
11
client data, by technological or regulatory changes and by other industry or general economic developments.
2.1.3 Multi-jurisdictional operations
