Arrow, a newly acquired subsidiary of PGS, currently has four new building projects and two conversion projects. In addition, the Group has one new building project independent of Arrow. As a result, the Group is exposed to the risk of failure, cost overruns, delayed delivery, and technically unsound solutions associated with the new building and conversion projects. There can be no assurances that delays and cost overruns will not occur and such events, if occurring, could have an adverse impact on the financial position of the Group.
The Group's assets are concentrated in a single industry and the Group may be more vulnerable to particular economic, political, regulatory, environmental or other developments than a company with a more diversified portfolio of activities. It is not possible to give any guarantees that the vessels will be employed for the duration of their service life. There is an inherent exposure to technical risks, which may lead to operational problems, and increased operational costs and/or loss of earnings, additional investments, penalty payments, and other such costs which may have a material effect on the earnings and financial position of the Group.
The seismic data acquisition operations are exposed to extreme weather and other hazardous conditions. In particular, a substantial portion of the Group's operations are subject to perils that are customary for marine operations, including capsizing, grounding, collision, interruption and damage or loss from severe weather conditions, fire, explosions and environmental contamination from spillage. Any of these risks, whether in the marine or onshore operations, could result in damage to or destruction of vessels or equipment, personal injury and property damage, suspension of operations or environmental damage. In addition, the operations involve risks of a technical and operational nature due to the complex systems that are utilised. If any of these risks materialise, the Group's business could be interrupted and the Group could incur significant liabilities. In addition, many similar risks may result in curtailment or cancellation of, or delays in, exploration and production activities of the customers, which could in turn adversely impact the Group's operations.
2.1.10 Insurance protection
The Group does not carry full insurance for all of its operating risks. Although the Group generally attempts to carry insurance against the destruction of or damage to the seismic vessels and equipment in amounts that the Company considers customary in the industry, such insurance coverage is subject to various exclusions. In addition, the Group may not be able to maintain adequate insurance cover for its vessels and equipment in the future or do so
14
at premiums that are considered reasonable. The Group does not maintain insurance to protect against loss of revenues caused by business interruptions. An accident involving any of the Group's assets could result in loss of earnings, fines or penalties, higher insurance costs and damage to the reputation of the Company. The Group may not have sufficient insurance cover for the entire range of risks resulting in that particular losses may not be covered. Any significant loss or liability not insured could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the loss of or continuing unavailability of one or several of the vessels could have an adverse effect on the Group even if effective insurance cover should be available.
2.1.11 Access to personnel
The Group's success depends, to a significant extent, upon management and key employees. Attracting key personnel will assist in the expansion of the Group's business. The maritime and seismic industries face competition for skilled personnel. There is no assurance that the Group will successfully attract the personnel required to continue to expand its business and to successfully execute its business strategy.
