2.1.11 Access to personnel
2.1.12 PGS has experienced substantial losses in the past and may do so in the future
PGS has experienced substantial losses in the past. For the year ended 31 December 2004, PGS suffered a net loss of U.S.$ 135,000,000. In addition, in July 2003, PGS implemented a financial restructuring plan that was accomplished through reorganisation under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Group's cash flow from the Group's operations may not be sufficient to fund ongoing activities and implement its business plans, and PGS may experience substantial losses also in the future.
2.1.13 Technology may become obsolete
The Group's technology could be rendered obsolete because technological changes and new products and services are regularly introduced to the Group's markets, and the Group may not be able to develop and produce competitive products and services on a cost-effective and timely basis. The Group will be required to invest substantial capital to maintain competitive technologies. Technology changes rapidly, and new and enhanced products and services are frequently introduced in the relevant markets. The Group' success depends to a significant extent on its ability to develop and produce new and enhanced products and services on a cost effective and timely basis in accordance with industry demands. While the Group commits resources to research and development, it may encounter resource constraints or technical or other difficulties that could delay introduction of new and enhanced products and services in the future. In addition, continuing development of new products and services inherently carries the risk of obsolescence of older products and services. New and enhanced products and services, if introduced, may not gain market acceptance or may be adversely affected by technological changes.
15
2.2 Risk associated with the Group's financing and accounts
2.2.1 Borrowing and leverage
The Group is highly leveraged. This high leverage exposes the Group to additional risks and restricts the Group in various ways in terms of how the Group operates its business. The Group's existing credit facility, and other debt and contractual obligations, contain customary prepayment provisions, representations and warranties, covenants and restrictions, events of default and other customary provisions for such financings. Because of the level of debt and related contractual obligations, now or in the future:
