2.2.2 Exchange rate fluctuations
16
Although the Group may periodically undertake limited hedging activities in an attempt to reduce some currency fluctuation risks, these activities do not provide complete protection from currency-related losses. In addition, in some circumstances our hedging activities can require the Group to make cash outlays. Finally, the amount of currency hedging transactions the Group is able to enter into may be limited due to the fact that the Company has a non investment grade credit rating.
2.2.3 Fresh-start reporting and change from U.S. GAAP to IFRS may make the historical financial statements difficult to compare
In connection with the November 2003 consummation of PGS' reorganisation plan, PGS adopted, as of 1 November 2003, fresh-start reporting in accordance with US requirements. Because such requirements obliged PGS to reset its assets and liabilities to then current fair values, the Company's financial condition and results of operations after the reorganisation are not comparable to the financial condition and results of operations reflected in the historical financial statements for periods prior to November 2003. This may make it difficult to assess the Group's performance for fiscal years 2006, 2005 and 2004 compared to the performance for fiscal years 2003 and 2002.
In addition, effective 1 January 2007, the Company changed its basis for financial reporting from U.S. GAAP, which was applied through the year ended 31 December 2006, to International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). The Company's financial reporting under IFRS differs in certain respects from U.S. GAAP, and these differences could be material. The Company has separately reported the effects of changing to IFRS to the market, including the impact on its financial statements for 2006. The change from U.S. GAAP to IFRS makes the Company's financial reports difficult to compare to financial reports for earlier years.
2.2.4 Risks associated with taxation
As a multinational organisation, the Group is subject to taxation in many jurisdictions around the world with increasingly complex tax laws. The amounts of taxes the Group pays in these jurisdictions could increase substantially as a result of changes in these laws or their interpretations by the relevant taxing authorities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's liquidity and results of operations. In addition, those authorities could review tax returns and impose additional taxes and penalties, which could be material. The Company has identified issues in several jurisdictions that could eventually make the Group liable to pay material amounts in taxes relating to prior years. Additional issues that the Company is not currently aware of may be identified in the future.
2.3 Risk related to the Notes
