2.3.7
Certain of the Group's properties and assets are being used to secure its existing debt. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of the Company's secured obligations with respect to the assets that secure such obligations. The terms of the Notes do not prevent any of the Company or its subsidiaries from incurring additional debt and the Company's subsidiaries are generally permitted to secure their indebtedness (subject to the provisions of Condition 2 - see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge"). In addition, the Notes will be structurally subordinated to the existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities and obligations of the Company's subsidiaries. Claims of creditors of such entities will have priority over the assets of such entities over the Company and its creditors, including the Noteholders.
2.3.8 As the Notes are cleared through VPS, investors will have to rely on VPS' procedures for transfers, payments and conversion of Notes
19
The Notes will clear through VPS. Pursuant to the rules and procedures of VPS, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. VPS will maintain a register in which it will record details of the holders of the Notes. Investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through VPS.
The Company will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments through VPS for distribution to its account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Bond must rely on the procedures of VPS to receive payments under the Notes and to receive delivery of the Company's shares upon conversion of Notes. The Company has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to beneficial interests in the Notes.
2.3.9 Transfer o f the Notes may be restricted by law
The Company has not, and will not, register the Notes under the US Securities Act, as amended. Holders of the Notes may not offer or sell the Notes in the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. Further, an offer or sale of the Notes in other jurisdictions may be restricted. It is the obligation of each Noteholder to ensure that offers and sales of the Notes comply with applicable laws.
3
