At the Board of Directors' meeting held 3 December 2007, the Board of Directors utilised the authorisation granted by the shareholders as follows:
b. The persons listed in Appendix 1 will subscribe the Notes, and each investor subscribes for such part of the Notes and against such consideration as set out in item e) below. The existing shareholders' preferential right is set aside, cf. Section 11-4 o f the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act.
c. The Notes shall be subscribed by 31 December 2007 and subscription shall take place by way of a designated subscription form, cf. Section 11-5 first paragraph, cf. Section 10-7 of the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act.
d. The nominal value of the Notes shall be USD 100,000. The exchange rate between USD and NOK shall be fixed such that one USD equals 5.5188 NOK. The conversion price is NOK 216.19. Consequently each Note entitles the holder to 2552.732 shares upon conversion which equal a maximum share capital increase of NOK 30,632,782. The interest shall be 2.7% and as further set out in the "Terms and Conditions for the Notes ". Interest shall be paid semi-annually in arrear. The Notes shall be repaid in its entirety 3 December 2012 (the "Final Maturity Date"). The Notes shall be paid to account no. 5012.04.43345.
e. The Notes shall be subscribed at nominal value. f. The Notes shall be paid to the company by 1 February 2008. g. At conversion of the Notes NOK 3 per share shall be paid for each share with
nominal value NOK 3. Payment of the share contribution is made by set off against the nominal value of the Notes. The balance between the nominal value of the shares and the value of the Notes is added to the Company's premiumfund. In the case that the nominal value of the Company's shares is changed during the term of the loan, an amount similar to the new nominal value shall be paid per share at conversion of the Notes. Only the debt can be converted. Should the nominal value of the debt not be divisible by the conversion price, it shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares. The Noteholders will have the right to receive any amount not
23
used in connection with the rounding off in cash and as further set out in item 6 (a) of the "Terms and Conditions for the Notes". Interest accrued since the latest interest due date, but notfallen due by the conversion date will not be converted into shares. When the conversion right is exercised, the Company's share capital will be increased without the holding of a general meeting. The Company shall ensure that the share capital increase resulting from the conversion is registered with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises without undue delay. The Board gives the management of the Company the authority to issue shares in connection with the conversion. h. A demand for conversion may be presented at any time during the term of the Notes, for the whole or parts of the Notes, on several occasions, but must be presented at the latest on the date falling six days prior to the Final Maturity Date. i. Shares acquired by conversion shall be equal with the other ordinary shares in the Company and give right to dividend payments from the time of issuance. j. Issuance o f new shares in the Company when existing shareholders have preferential rights, issuance of financial instruments as described in Chapter 11 of the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act, share capital decrease with payment to the Company's shareholders, funds issue, share split, share splice, dividend payments, completion of mergers and de-mergers and other changes to the Company's share capital that are not in the bond holders interest, shall entail an adjustment of the conversion price such as to maintain the value of the conversion right. Item 6 (b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes gives further provisions as to adjustment to the conversion price. k. The subscription right may not be separatedfrom the debt. l. Further, the terms and conditions set out in "Terms and Conditions for the Notes" dated 3 December 2007 (enclosed with the calling notice for this board meeting and attached to these minutes as Appendix 2) apply and are hereby approved.
5.5 Advisors and auditor
