used in connection with the rounding off in cash and as further set out in item 6 (a) of the "Terms and Conditions for the Notes". Interest accrued since the latest interest due date, but notfallen due by the conversion date will not be converted into shares. When the conversion right is exercised, the Company's share capital will be increased without the holding of a general meeting. The Company shall ensure that the share capital increase resulting from the conversion is registered with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises without undue delay. The Board gives the management of the Company the authority to issue shares in connection with the conversion. h. A demand for conversion may be presented at any time during the term of the Notes, for the whole or parts of the Notes, on several occasions, but must be presented at the latest on the date falling six days prior to the Final Maturity Date. i. Shares acquired by conversion shall be equal with the other ordinary shares in the Company and give right to dividend payments from the time of issuance. j. Issuance o f new shares in the Company when existing shareholders have preferential rights, issuance of financial instruments as described in Chapter 11 of the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act, share capital decrease with payment to the Company's shareholders, funds issue, share split, share splice, dividend payments, completion of mergers and de-mergers and other changes to the Company's share capital that are not in the bond holders interest, shall entail an adjustment of the conversion price such as to maintain the value of the conversion right. Item 6 (b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes gives further provisions as to adjustment to the conversion price. k. The subscription right may not be separatedfrom the debt. l. Further, the terms and conditions set out in "Terms and Conditions for the Notes" dated 3 December 2007 (enclosed with the calling notice for this board meeting and attached to these minutes as Appendix 2) apply and are hereby approved.
The Joint Lead Managers for the Listing are Barclays Bank PLC, 5 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London E14 4BB, United Kingdom and Carnegie ASA, P.O. Box 684, 0106 Oslo, Norway.
The Company's Norwegian legal counsel is Arntzen de Besche Advokatfirma AS, P.O. Box 2734 Solli, 0204 Oslo, Norway. The Company's international counsel is Clifford Chance, 10 Upper Bank Street, London E14 5JJ DX, 149120 Canary Wharf 3, United Kingdom.
The Managers' Norwegian legal counsel is Wiersholm, Mellbye & Bech Advokatfirma AS, Ruselpkkveien 26, P.O. Box 1400 Vika, 0115 Oslo. The Managers' international counsel is Linklaters LLP, One Silk Street, London EC2Y 8HQ, United Kingdom.
The Company's independent auditor is Ernst & Young AS, Oslo Atrium, P.O. Box 20, 0051 Oslo, Norway.
24
6
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following, subject to completion and amendment, and save for the paragraphs in italics, is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
