TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The issue of the U.S.$ 400,000,000 2.70 per cent. Convertible Notes due 2012 (the "Notes", which expression shall, unless otherwise indicated, include any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 17 and consolidated and forming a single series with the Notes) was (save in respect of any such further notes) authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA (the "Issuer") passed on 3 December 2007, as authorised by the annual general meeting of the Issuer held on 15 June 2007. The Notes are constituted by a trust deed dated 20 December 2007 (the "Trust Deed") between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being appointed as the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the holders (as defined below) of the Notes. The statements set out in these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") are summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. The Noteholders (as defined below) are entitled to the benefit of, and are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and those provisions applicable to them which are contained in the Paying and Conversion Agency Agreement dated 20 December 2007 (the "Agency Agreement") relating to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, Nordea Bank Norge ASA, Verdipapirservice in its capacity as paying and conversion agent (the "Paying and Conversion Agent", which expression shall include any successor as paying and conversion agent under the Agency Agreement) and Nordea Bank Norge ASA, Verdipapirservice in its capacity as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor as registrar under the Agency Agreement). Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the office of the Trustee at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX, United Kingdom and at the specified offices of the Paying and Conversion Agent and the Registrar.
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Trust Deed unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.
1 Form, Denomination, Title and Status
(a) Form and Denomination
The Notes are issued in registered, dematerialised form in the Norwegian Securities Depository System ("Verdipapirsentralen") (the "VPS") in principal amounts of U.S.$100,000 ("authorised denominations").
(b) Title
Title to the Notes will pass by transfer and registration as described in Condition 4. The registered holder of any Note will (except as otherwise required by law or as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction) be treated as its absolute owner for all
25
