Title to the Notes will pass by transfer and registration as described in Condition 4. The registered holder of any Note will (except as otherwise required by law or as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction) be treated as its absolute owner for all
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it) and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. (c) Status of the Notes The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 2) unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu and rateably, without any preference among themselves, and equally with all other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer but, in the event of insolvency, save for such indebtedness that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application.
2 Negative Pledge So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist, and will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other form of encumbrance or security interest (each a "Security Interest") upon the whole or any part of its present or future property or assets (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness unless in any such case, before or at the same time as the creation of the Security Interest, any and all action necessary shall have been taken to the satisfaction of the Trustee to ensure that such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not including the giving of a Security Interest) is provided in respect of all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes and the Trust Deed either (i) as the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in paragraph 1.4 of Schedule 1 to the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.
3 Definitions In these Conditions, unless otherwise provided: "Additional Ordinary Shares" has the meaning provided in Condition 6(c). "business day" means, in relation to any place, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in that place. "Cash Dividend" has the meaning provided in Condition 6(b)(iii). a "Change of Control" occurs when any person or persons, acting together, acquires control of the Issuer (other than as a result of an Exempt Newco Scheme). "Change of Control Conversion Price" has the meaning provided in Condition 6(b)(x). "Change of Control Notice" has the meaning provided in Condition 6(g).
26
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control occurs and ending 60 calendar days following such date or, if later, 60 days following the date on which a Change of Control Notice is given as required by Condition 6(g).
"Closing Date" means 20 December 2007.
"control" means (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of the Issuer or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer's Board of Directors or other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of Voting Rights, contract or otherwise and "controlled" shall be construed accordingly.
"Conversion Date" has the meaning provided in Condition 6(h).
