"Interest Rate" has the meaning provided in Condition 5(a).
30
avoidance of doubt shall not include any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities issued in the capital markets, whether by way of public offer or private placement. "Material Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Issuer:
(i) whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated accounts, whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues, as the case may be) represent not less than (a) 10 per cent. of the total consolidated assets or (b) 10 per cent. of the gross consolidated revenues (as the case may be) of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries; or
(ii) to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary.
A certificate from two Directors or duly appointed attorneys of the Issuer that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Trustee and the Noteholders.
"Newco Scheme" means a scheme of arrangement or analogous proceeding which effects the interposition of a limited liability company ("Newco") between the Shareholders of the Issuer immediately prior to the scheme of arrangement or analogous proceeding (the "Existing Shareholders") and the Issuer; provided that only ordinary shares of Newco are issued to Existing Shareholders and that immediately after completion of the scheme of arrangement the only shareholders of Newco are the Existing Shareholders and that all Subsidiaries of the Issuer immediately prior to the scheme of arrangement (other than Newco, if Newco is then a Subsidiary of the Issuer) are Subsidiaries of the Issuer immediately after the scheme of arrangement.
"Non-Cash Dividend" has the meaning provided in Condition 6(b)(iii).
"Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" means the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway. "Noteholder" and "holder" mean the person in whose name a Note is registered in the Register (as defined in Condition 4(a)).
