SUMMARY
In case a claim relating to the information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might have to bear the cost of translating the Prospectus before legal proceedings are initiated. Civil liability attaches to those persons who are responsible for the summary, including any translation thereof, and appliedfor its notification, but only if the summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus.
1.1 Description of PGS
PGS is a leading worldwide geophysical company. PGS provides an extensive range of seismic services and products for the petroleum industry including data acquisition, processing, reservoir analysis and interpretation. The Company also possesses an extensive multi-client data library.
The Company was formed in 1962, but started trading under its current name in 1991 after a merger between Geoteam AS and Nopec AS. Its shares have been listed on Oslo Børs since August 1992. Today, PGS is headquartered at Lysaker, Norway and the Company with subsidiaries (referred to herein as the "Group") has offices in 26 different countries with large regional offices in London, Houston and Singapore.
After the recent acquisition (the "Acquisition") of all of the shares in Arrow Seismic ASA, a Norwegian incorporated company listed on Oslo Børs ("Arrow"), the sale of Ramform Victory and the delivery of the newbuild Ramform Sovereign, the Group currently owns 15 marine streamer vessels, including 6 vessels of the unique Ramform class, which are all in operations. In addition, PGS has ordered one new-build vessel scheduled for delivery in Q2 2009, respectively, and Arrow has ordered four high capacity seismic new build vessels for delivery in 2008 and 2009 (of which two are leased to another seismic company). Arrow has also purchased two vessels planned for conversion.
The Group operates between 8 and 12 onshore crews and has 20 data processing centers.
The business is divided into two segments, marine and onshore. In addition, data processing and technology is reported as part of the marine segment. The marine segment (including data processing and technology), which accounts for approximately 80 per cent. of the Group's total turnover, is managed from Lysaker, Norway. The onshore segment accounts for approximately 20 per cent. of the Group's total turnover and is managed from Houston, Texas, USA.
5
