The business is divided into two segments, marine and onshore. In addition, data processing and technology is reported as part of the marine segment. The marine segment (including data processing and technology), which accounts for approximately 80 per cent. of the Group's total turnover, is managed from Lysaker, Norway. The onshore segment accounts for approximately 20 per cent. of the Group's total turnover and is managed from Houston, Texas, USA.
The marine business acquires, markets and sells seismic data worldwide, which is used by companies to help locate oil and natural gas, and to determine the size and structure of known oil and natural gas reservoirs. The Company acquires seismic data both on an exclusive contract basis for its customers as well as on its own behalf as multi-client data for licensing to multiple customers on a non-exclusive basis. Multi-client revenues come from customer pre-funding of an acquisition as well as from the sale of data that has already been acquired and is part of the library (the latter being referred to as late sales).
Data processing and technology, which is a part of the marine segment, consists of data processing, interpretation, technology development, research and development and reservoirrelated consulting activities.
The onshore business consists of PGS' seismic acquisition operations on land, in shallow water and in transition zones. Operations also include seismic data acquisition for the onshore multi-client library.
Please refer to Section 8 for a more comprehensive summary of the Group's business.
1.2 Purpose and background of the Listing
The Notes are currently not listed on Oslo Børs or any other regulated market place. The Ordinary Shares are listed on Oslo Børs. The Company has decided to list the Notes on Oslo Børs in order to provide a regulated marketplace for the trading of its Notes and to facilitate potential liquidity in the Notes. The Company has applied for and received approval from Oslo Børs for a listing of the Notes. It is expected that the Notes will be listed on Oslo Børs on or about 19 March 2008, but no assurances can be given that the Listing can be achieved by that date, or at all. Transaction costs and all other directly attributable costs in connection with the Listing will be paid by the Company. The total costs incurred by the Company in connection with the Listing are expected to amount to approximately NOK 300,000.
1.3 Summary of risk factors
A number of risk factors may adversely affect the Company and the Group as a whole. Below is a brief summary of the most relevant risk factors described in Section 2. Please note that the risks mentioned below are not the only risks that may affect the Group's business or the value of the Notes. Additional risks not presently known to the Board of Directors of the Company or which are currently considered immaterial may also impair its business operations and prospects.
