54
(d) Optional and Tax Redemption Notices
Any Optional Redemption or Tax Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. Any such notice shall specify (i) the Optional Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Tax Redemption Date, (ii) the Conversion Price, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding and the closing price of the Ordinary Shares as derived from the Relevant Stock Exchange, in each case as at the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the Optional Redemption Notice or, as the case may be, the Tax Redemption Notice and (iii) the last day on which Conversion Rights may be exercised by Noteholders.
(e) Redemption at the option of Noteholders
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control, the holder of each Note will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the Change of Control Put Date at its principal amount, together with accrued interest to such date. To exercise such right, the holder of the relevant Note must, at any time in the Change of Control Period, deliver a duly completed and signed notice of exercise, in the form for the time being current, obtainable from the specified office of the Paying and Conversion Agent (a "Change of Control Put Exercise Notice") at the specified office of the Paying and Conversion Agent. The "Change of Control Put Date" shall be the fourteenth calendar day after the expiry of the Change of Control Period.
Payment in respect of any such Note shall be made by transfer to a bank in New York specified by the relevant Noteholder in the applicable Change of Control Put Exercise Notice.
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, once delivered, shall be irrevocable and the Issuer shall redeem all Notes the subject of Change of Control Put Exercise Notices delivered as aforesaid on the Change of Control Put Date.
(f) Purchase
Subject to the requirements (if any) of any stock exchange on which the Notes may be admitted to listing and trading at the relevant time and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. Any purchase by tender shall be made available to all Noteholders alike. The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or such Subsidiary, shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Conditions 13(a) and 14.
