"Record Date" means the fourteenth business day, in the place of the specified office of the Registrar, before the due date for the relevant payment.
Each payment in respect of the Notes pursuant to Conditions 8(a) and (b)(i) will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the relevant Noteholder with a bank in New York as notified by the relevant Noteholder to the Registrar and the Principal Paying and Conversion Agent from time to time. However, upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or the Paying and Conversion Agent not less than 15 days before the due date for any payment in respect of a Note, such payment may be made by U.S. dollar cheque mailed to the holder of the relevant Note at his address appearing in the Register.
Where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed, on the business day preceding the due date for payment (at the risk and, if mailed at the request of the holder otherwise than by ordinary mail, expense of the holder).
56
(e) Payments subject to fiscal laws All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.
(f) Delay in payment Noteholders will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay after the due date in receiving the amount due (i) as a result of the due date not being a business day, or (ii) if a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition arrives after the date for payment.
(g) Business Days In this Condition, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business, in New York City and in the place of the specified office of the Registrar.
(h) Paying and Conversion Agent, Registrar, etc. The initial Paying and Conversion Agent and Registrar and their initial specified offices are listed below. The Issuer reserves the right under the Agency Agreement at any time, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying and Conversion Agent or the Registrar and appoint an additional Paying and Conversion Agent or other Paying, Transfer and Conversion Agents, provided that it will (i) maintain a Paying and Conversion Agent or another Registrar, (ii) maintain a Paying and Conversion Agent with a specified office in a jurisdiction that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other European Union Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN council meeting of 26-27 November 2000 on the taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive and (iii) maintain a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom. Notice of any change in the Paying and Conversion Agents or the Registrar or their specified offices will promptly be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16.
(i) Fractions When making payments to Noteholders, if the relevant payment is not of an amount which is a whole multiple of the smallest unit of the relevant currency in which such payment is to be made, such payment will be rounded down to the nearest unit.
