The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, including relieving it from taking proceedings unless indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders on a report, confirmation or certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers or investment bank, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee shall be obliged to accept and be entitled to rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice where the Issuer procures delivery of the same pursuant to its obligation to do so under a condition hereof or any provision of the
Trust Deed and such report, confirmation or certificate or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders in the absence of manifest error.
16 Notices Notices to Noteholders shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the F in a n c ia l T im es) and in the VPS and, for so long as the Notes are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, on the Oslo Stock Exchange information system. Any such notice shall be in the English language or, if not in the English language, accompanied by a certified English language translation and shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the last such publication as provided above. Any notice to be given pursuant to these Conditions shall be given by the Issuer, unless the Issuer specifically requests that the Paying and Conversion Agent gives such notice pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement.
17 Further Issues The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes, bonds or debentures either having the same terms and conditions in all respects as the outstanding notes, bonds or debentures of any series (including the Notes) or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding notes, bonds or debentures of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as to interest, conversion, premium, redemption and otherwise as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. Any further notes, bonds or debentures forming a single series with the outstanding notes, bonds or debentures of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other notes, bonds or debentures may, with the consent of the Trustee, be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of notes, bonds or debentures of other series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides.
18 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
19 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) G overning Law
The Trust Deed and the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The Agency Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.
67
