The Trust Deed and the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The Agency Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.
(b) Jurisdiction
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed or the Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed or the Notes ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts and has waived any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of the Trustee and each of the Noteholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(c) A g en t fo r Service o f Process
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited at its registered office for the time being, currently at PGS Court, Halfway Green, Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, KT12 1RS, United Kingdom as its agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England. Nothing herein or in the Trust Deed shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
7
THE COMPANY AND THE GROUP
The name of the issuer of the Notes is Petroleum Geo-Services ASA. The Company also trades under the name "PGS". The organisation number of the Company is 916 235 291, and the registered address is Strandveien 4, 1366 Lysaker, Norway. The telephone number is +47 67 52 64 00.
The Company was incorporated on 9 June 1962, but started trading under its current name in 1991 after a merger between Geoteam AS and Nopec AS. The Company is a public limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. The Company is subject to the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act.
