The name of the issuer of the Notes is Petroleum Geo-Services ASA. The Company also trades under the name "PGS". The organisation number of the Company is 916 235 291, and the registered address is Strandveien 4, 1366 Lysaker, Norway. The telephone number is +47 67 52 64 00.
There have not been any recent developments occurring which, in the opinion of the Company, are substantial for the assessment of the Company's solvency.
The Group consists of the Company and over 80 subsidiaries. A Group corporate chart is attached hereto as Appendix 2. The Company is the holding company for its directly held subsidiaries. The subsidiaries are incorporated in a variety of jurisdictions, including but not limited to, the United States, the United Kingdom, Venezuela, Brazil, Malaysia, Isle of Man and Norway. The Company is the corporate, financial and administrative head entity within
68
the Group, and does not carry out any business activities except for exercising its ownership over its subsidiaries. The Company is also the main borrower of the Group and does from time to time issue parent guarantees in respect of some of its subsidiaries. The Company's offices are at Lysaker, Norway, where the Company's executive employees are situated.
The independent auditor of the Company for the financial years ending 31 December 2005 and 2006 has been Ernst & Young AS, registered address Oslo Atrium, P.O. Box 20 0051 Oslo Norway. Ernst & Young AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (d e n N o r s k e R e v is o r fo r e n in g ).
There has been no material adverse change in the Company's prospects since 31 December 2006.
The Company is not aware of any material contracts that are not entered into by the Company in the ordinary course of its business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Company's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes.
Other than the fact that the subsidiaries to a larger or lesser extent perform the services offered by the Group, and that the subsidiaries provide the Company with dividend payments and are participating in securing existing debt arrangements, the Company, as the ultimate parent company of the Group, is not dependent on any of the subsidiaries. Consequently, the cash flow from the subsidiaries' operations is necessary for the Company in order to pay the Notes and other financial and monetary obligations.
