"Account Operator" means a Bondholder's account manager in the CSD.
"Additional Target Shares" means 51 per cent. of the shares (capital and votes) of the Target which the Issuer intents to subsequently acquire, subject to a purchase option entered into with the sellers of the Target.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount, less the aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as agent and security agent, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Amortisation Base" means, at any date, an amount equal to EUR 100,000 multiplied with the aggregate of the total number of Bonds (including Subsequent Bonds) that have been issued at such date pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (for avoidance of doubt, not deducting any cancelled Bonds or Bonds held by the Issuer).
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner or nominee with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 19 (Bondholders' Meeting).
