(vii) a legal opinion on the validity and enforceability of the Finance Documents issued by a reputable law firm.
(i) any funds raised in the issuance of the First Subsequent Bonds (net of Transaction Costs) must be allocated in full towards financing the Remaining Payment;
(ii) evidence that a minimum of 40 per cent. of the Remaining Payment either (i) is paid with proceeds from the Additional Share Issue or (ii) is paid in kind with shares issued pursuant to the Additional Share Issue; and
16
(iii) evidence that the Transaction Security listed under items (b), (h) and (i) of Transaction Security has been duly provided and perfected or will be perfected immediately following disbursement.
(d) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(a) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Initial Escrow Accounts) to transfer the funds from the Initial Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 3(a) (Use of Proceeds). The Agent shall transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Initial Escrow Accounts, to the bank account specified by the Issuer.
(e) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(a) have not been fulfilled within 30 Business Days from the Issue Date for the Initial Bonds, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Initial Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.
(f) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(c) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall transfer the funds from the Subsequent Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 3(b) (Use of Proceeds). The Agent shall transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Subsequent Escrow Account, to the bank account specified by the Issuer.
(g) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(c) have not been fulfilled on 31 March 2017, the Issuer shall redeem the First Subsequent Bonds at a price equal to 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Subsequent Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the First Subsequent Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.
