(f) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(c) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall transfer the funds from the Subsequent Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 3(b) (Use of Proceeds). The Agent shall transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Subsequent Escrow Account, to the bank account specified by the Issuer.
(h) The Agent may assume that documentation and other evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4(b) and (c) is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to the CSD.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
17
(c) The Issuer and the Agent shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent. For the purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out of the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 19 (Bondholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the Bondholders under Clause 20 (Written Procedure), the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
