20
If neither the Target Call Option nor the Reversed Call Option has been exercised on or after 1 April 2017 and the Issuer sells the Initial Target Shares, the Issuer shall, within 15 Business Days, repay all outstanding Bonds in full. The repayment per Bond shall equal the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1.00) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount of 2.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the Outstanding Nominal Amount.
9.8 Mandatory Prepayment due to Yggdrasil Divestment
Upon a divestment of Yggdrasil to a third party through a trade sale, the Issuer shall, within 15 Business Days, repay an amount equal to 20.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1.00) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount of 4.50 per cent. and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
9.9 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.9(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.8, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.8 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.8 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
