2.5 per cent. of the Amortisation Base
2.5 per cent. of the Amortisation Base
Any repayment of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, shall reduce the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond by the amount repaid pro rata (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1.00). The remaining outstanding amount under the Bonds shall be redeemed on the Final Redemption Date.
11. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on or about the First Issue Date the Transaction Security (except for item (b), (h) and (i) of the definition of "Security Documents") to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
(b) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on or about the date of the issuance of the First Subsequent Bonds the Transaction Security listed under item (h) and (i) in the definition of "Security Documents" to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
(c) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Document. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Document and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Document on or about the First Issue Date or on or about the date of the issuance of the First Subsequent Bonds (as applicable).
(d) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Secured Parties.
22
