(b) 103.15 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date;
(d) 100.45 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) the shares of the Issuer cease to be listed on an MTF or a Regulated Market, or (ii) one or more persons, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer or the Target Company and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Maintenance Test or an Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test or Incurrence Test, as applicable.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191,101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or any party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
3
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Reference Period, the consolidated profit of the Group, from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
