(ii) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security shall constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as reasonably practicable.
31
17. Bondholders' Committee
(a) The Bondholders may appoint a committee (a "Bondholders' Committee") to represent the interests of the Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee shall consist of no less than three (3) natural persons. All members of a Bondholders' Committee shall be elected at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(b) Each Bondholder is entitled to nominate candidates to the Bondholders' Committee by notice to Agent no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. At the Bondholders Meeting all candidates so nominated shall be presented to the Bondholders. Each Bondholder that is entitled to vote shall for such election have the same number of votes to cast for each Bond as the total number of persons to be elected. A Bondholder may cast its votes for one or several of the candidates. The candidates that receive the most votes shall be elected to the Bondholders' Committee.
(c) A Bondholders' Committee may enter into discussions with the Issuer and other creditors of the Issuer and by majority decision among its members (i) adopt such procedural rules as it considers appropriate and (ii) prepare proposals and recommendations to the Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee may not bind the Bondholders to any agreement or decision. The Agent shall provide reasonable assistance to the Bondholders' Committee and participate in its meetings.
