(b) Each Bondholder is entitled to nominate candidates to the Bondholders' Committee by notice to Agent no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. At the Bondholders Meeting all candidates so nominated shall be presented to the Bondholders. Each Bondholder that is entitled to vote shall for such election have the same number of votes to cast for each Bond as the total number of persons to be elected. A Bondholder may cast its votes for one or several of the candidates. The candidates that receive the most votes shall be elected to the Bondholders' Committee.
(d) The Bondholders' Committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information received from the Issuer provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of the Bondholders' Committee, is beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders. The Agent shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the Bondholders' Committee.
(e) The Bondholders' Committee and the Issuer may agree that the Issuer shall pay certain costs and expenses incurred by the Bondholders' Committee. Otherwise the Bondholders' Committee is not entitled to be reimbursed for any costs or expenses.
18. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) Any decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting
32
than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the appointment of a Bondholders' Committee shall always be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
