23. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as paying agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(c) The Issuing Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Issuing Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Issuing Agent to carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
24. Appointment and Replacement of the CSD
(a) The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations applicable to the Bonds.
(b) The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and be authorised as a central securities depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
25. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.
(b) Clause 25(a) shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders to take certain actions but is legally unable to take such actions.
