The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date of the Call Option.
10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Securities Depository).
10.2.4 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.
10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.3 Change of Control Ol' De-listing 10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of (i) a Change of Control Event or (ii) a De-listing Event each
Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 10 l % of par plus accrued interest. 10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised by the Bondholders within sixty - 60 - days after the Issuer has notified the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event. Such notification shall be given by the Issuer immediately after (to the Issuer's knowledge) a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event has taken place. 10.3.3 The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be no more than seventy-five - 75 - days after the Bondholders received notice of the relevant Change of Control Event or De-listing Event from the Bond Trustee.
10.3.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.
11. PAYMENTS 11.1 Covenant to pay 11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance
Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
