For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.
16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.
16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, uniess otherwise set out in Ciause 16.3.5.
16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting 16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated
Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting. 16.4.2 The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented. 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE 17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
