(vi) evidence that the acquisition of the Property Company by Midco has or will be completed on the date of disbursement of the Net Proceeds.
(c) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4.2(a) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Trustee (acting reasonably) or waived by the Trustee within thirty (30) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest.
(d) The Trustee may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.2(a) is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Trustee does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.
5. Transfer Restrictions
(a) Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its qualification, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). No party other than the Bondholder shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(b) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act and the CSD Regulations. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct.
