(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act and the CSD Regulations. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(c) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act.
(d) The Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Terms and Conditions, have access to the securities depository registered with the CSD for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the securities depository.
(e) The Trustee may use the information referred to in Clause 5(d) only for the purposes of carrying out its duties and exercising its rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person, other than a Bondholder, wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers
of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.
