(e) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 10(d) during such postponement.
(g) Any payment which shall be made under these Terms and Conditions on a date which is not a Business Day, shall be instead be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (no business day adjustment).
(h) The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.
(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, the Bonds shall be subject to, and any payments made in relation thereto shall be made in accordance with, the rules and procedures of the CSD.
9. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall and shall procure that relevant security providers grant the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Trustee on the terms set out in the Security Documents.
(b) The Trustee shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. The Issuer and the relevant security providers shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents.
(c) Unless and until the Trustee has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Trustee shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer may request a release of all or part of the Preference Shares and/or the B Shares that are subject to security, provided that the Issuer simultaneously deposits an amount corresponding to the value of the Preference Shares and/or the B Shares that it has requested to be released on
