(c) Unless and until the Trustee has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Trustee shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.
an account pledged to the Bondholders. The value per Preference Share shall be the nominal amount of such share. The value per B Share shall for this purpose be SEK 6.0925, which is based on the average price for which such shares were traded on Nordic Growth Market NGM AB's list Nordic MTF during the last 20 trade dates before launch of the Bond Issue.
10. Interest
(a) Each Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (and including) the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Payment of accrued Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders in connection with the redemption of the Bonds in full in the relevant Redemption Date.
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under these Terms and Conditions on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (and including) the due date up to (but excluding) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two hundred (200) basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Trustee or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
11. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
11.1 Redemption at maturity and extension
