11. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
(a) Subject to paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) The Issuer has the right to extend the original Final Maturity Date with three (3) months, by giving notice to the Trustee and Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the original Final Maturity Date. If so requested by the Issuer, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds on the date falling three (3) months after the original Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
11.2 Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
The Group Companies may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Group Companies may at such company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
11.3 Voluntary Total Redemption (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on any Business Day falling at least three (3) months after the Issue Date.
(b) Redemption in accordance with paragraph (a) above, shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Trustee, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
11.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
