(b) Redemption in accordance with paragraph (a) above, shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Trustee, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(a) (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(a) shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(a). The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
12. Information to Bondholders
12.1 Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer shall as soon as possible notify the Trustee and the Bondholders when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event.
(b) The Issuer shall as soon as possible notify the Trustee (with full particulars) when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Trustee with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Trustee not receive such information, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Trustee does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
