(vii) a mandatory exchange of the Bonds for other securities; and
Bonds) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.
(h) Any matter not covered by Clause 16(g) shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18(b). This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 19(a)(i) or 19(a)(ii)) or an acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of any Transaction Security.
(i) Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 16(g), and otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(i) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.
(j) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18(a)), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Bondholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 16(j), the date of request of the second Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 17(a) or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 18(a), as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 16(i) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(k) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Trustee's consent, as applicable.
