(j) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18(a)), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Bondholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 16(j), the date of request of the second Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 17(a) or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 18(a), as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 16(i) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(l) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
(m) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(n) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(o) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(p) If a decision is to be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company.
(q) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
17. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Bondholder on a date selected by the Trustee which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.
