(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Trustee in accordance with this Clause 20.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Trustee the rights, powers and obligation of the Trustee and releasing the retiring Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Trustee agree otherwise, the new Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Trustee.
21. Appointment and Replacement of the Paying Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Paying Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Paying Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Paying Agent at the same time as the old Paying Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Paying Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Paying Agent as paying agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
22. Appointment and Replacement of the CSD
(a) The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations applicable to the Bonds.
(b) The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations and be authorised as a central securities depository in accordance with applicable law.
23. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
