"Guarantee Undertaking" means a guarantee undertaking pursuant to which the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally, jointly and severally, as principal obligor, guarantees to the Bondholders and the Trustee the punctual performance by the Issuer of all the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Bondholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 10(a) to 10(c).
"Interest Rate" means 14.00 per cent. per annum.
"Issue Date" means 29 June 2016.
"Issuer" means Concent Utveckling Holding AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Swedish Reg. No. 556970-9925.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, Midco or the Property Company, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Midco" means Concent Utveckling 9 AB, reg. no. 556989-1624.
