"Interest Payment Date" means 30 March, 30 June, 30 September and 30 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 30 October 2012.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Managers" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, being the joint lead managers DNB Markets, a part o f DNB Bank ASA, Stranden 21, Aker Brygge, NO-0021 Oslo, Norway; Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway; and SEB Merchant Banking, Filipstad Brygge 1, P.O. Box 1363 Vika, NO-0113 Oslo, Norway, together with the co-managsr SR Markets, a part o f SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, 1 Bjergsted Terrasse, NO-4055 Stavanger, Norway.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement.
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary o f the Issuer (a) whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5.00% of the total consolidated assets of the Group, or (b) whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5.00% of the total consolidated net sales of the Group. If there is a dispute as to whether or not a Group Company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the auditors o f the Issuer will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive.
"Maturity Date" means 30 December 2013. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Bond Proceeds" means proceeds (including Existing Bonds as applicable) from the Bond Issue less legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the Bonds.
