3
(b) 100 per cent, plus 1.575 per cent, of the Total Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 24 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 100 per cent, plus 0.525 per cent, o f the Total Nominal Amount, together w ith accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date; and
(d) 100 per cent, of the 1otal Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 33 months after the Issue Date to. but not including, the Final Redemption Date, provided the redemption is partially financed by the issuance of one or several Market Loan issues of which the Bondholders are offered to participate in.
"C h an ge of C ontrol Event" means the occurrence o f an event or series of events w hereby one or more persons, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer or the Target and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent, o f the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority o f the directors o f the board o f directors o f the Issuer.
"Com pliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee in the format set out in A ppendix 1. signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event o f Default is continuing or. if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is pros ided in connection with an Incurrence I'cst ora Maintenance Test the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect o f the Incurrence Test.
" C S D " means the Issuer's central securities depositor) and registrar in respect o f the Bonds, Euroclear Sweden A B , Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191.101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or any party replacing it, as C SD . in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
" C S D Regulations" means the C S D 's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Bonds from time to time.
" E B I T D A " means, in respect of the Reference Period, the consolidated profit o f the Group, from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
