"Floating Rate M a rg in " means 5.25 percent per annum.
"Incurrence Test Dividends" means the test o f the financial incurrence covenants as set out in Clause 11.2(a).
"Incurrance Test M a rke t L o a n " means the test of the financial incurrence covenants as set out in clause 11.2(b).
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning o f Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 o f the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw . konkurslagen <I9S7:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any o f its debts or by reason o f actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all its creditors (other than the Bondholders and creditors o f secured debt)
6
w ith a \ iew to rescheduling any o f its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (S\v. lag (1996:764) oin Jbretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 8 (Interest).
'interest Payment Date" means 5 March. 5 June, 5 September and 5 December o f each year or, to the extent such dav is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day. unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 5 June 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Redemption Date.
'interest Period" means (i) in respect o f the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect o f subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
