(iv) ev idence that all closing conditions for the acquisition o f the Target Shares (except for payment of the purchase price) have been satisfied or waived and that the acquisition will be consummated immediately upon disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account;
(v) a legal opinion on the validity and enforceability o f the Finance Documents issued by a reputable law firm; and
(vi) such other documents and information as is specified in the Finance Documents agreed between the Trustee and the Issuer.
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(a) and Clause 4(b) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Trustee shall instruct the bank (ns ith which the Issuer holds the Escrow Accounts) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 3 (Use o f Proceeds) as set out in a pay nient instruction provided by the Issuer. I he Trustee shall transfer any residual funds o f the Net Proceeds on the Escrow Accounts, to bank account specified by the Issuer.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4 have not been fulfilled within 60 Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf o f the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.
(e) The Trustee may assume that the documentation and other ev idence delivered to under Clause 4(a) and Clause 4(b) it is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Trustee does not have to verify the contents o f any such documentation. The Trustee does not review the documents and ev idence referred to above from a legal or commercial perspective o f the Bondholders.
5
B o n d s in B o o k -E n try F o rm
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds vs ill be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to the C SD .
