The Issuer may redeem early all, but not some only, of the Bonds on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Make Whole Amount or the Call Option Amount (as applicable) together with accrued but unpaid interest.
Redem ption notice
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3 shall lie made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business D ays' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Trustee and in accordance with the instructions o f the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. A n y such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry o f such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
9.5
M andatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event,
Listing Failure or Bond Listing Failure (put option)
(a) Upon (i) a Change o f Control Event occurring, (ii) a Listing Failure occurring or (iii) a Bond Listing Failure occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, o f its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 percent, o f the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer o f the Change of Control Event, the Listing Failure or the Bond Listing Failure (as applicable) pursuant to Clause 10.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business D ays after the end o f the period referred to in Clause 9.5(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply w ith the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase o f Bonds. T o the extent that the provisions o f such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9. the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by \ irtuc of the conflict.
