(b) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Bondholders and the Trustee when the Issuer is or becomes aware o f (i) the occurrence o f a Change of Control Event, (ii) the occurrence o f a Listing Failure, (iii) the occurrence o f a Bond Listing Failure or (iv) that an Event of Default has occurred, and shall provide the Trustee w ith such further information as the Trustee may request (acting reasonably) follow ing receipt o f such notice.
(d) The Issuer shall issue a Compliance Certificate to the Trustee in connection with the delivery o f a Financial Report or the testing of an Incurrence Test.
18
10.2 10.3 10.4
(e) The Issuer shall promptly notif> the Trustee (with full particulars) when the Issuer is or becomes aware o f the occurrence o f any event or circumstance w hich constitutes an Event o f Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the exp in. o f a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination o f any o f the foregoing) constitute an Event o f Default, and shall provide the Trustee w ith such further information as it may reasonably request in w riting following receipt o f such notice. Should the Trustee not receive such information, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Trustee does not have actual know ledge o f such event or circumstance.
( 0 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Trustee according to this Clause 10.1 if informing the Trustee would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated Market or otherw ise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Trustee according to this Clause 10.1.
(g) When and for as long as the Bonds are listed, the reports referred to under Clause 10.1(a) shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IF R S and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of N A S D A Q Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om v&ritepappersmarknaden).
Inform ation from the Trustee
The Trustee is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests o f the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event o f Default that has occurred and is continuing.
