Any excess funds after the application o f proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
26
Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Trustee shall arrange for payments o f such funds in accordance with this Clause 14 as soon as reasonably practicable.
15
B o n d h o ld e rs' C om m ittee
(a) The Bondholders may appoint a committee (a "Bondholders' Committee") to represent the interests o f the Bondholders. A Bondholders* Committee shall consist o f no less than three (3) natural persons. All members o f a Bondholders' Committee shall be elected at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(b) Bach Bondholder is entitled to nominate candidates to the Bondholders' Committee by notice to Trustee no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. At the Bondholders Meeting all candidates so nominated shall be presented to the Bondholders. Bach Bondholder that is entitled to vote shall for such election have the same number of votes to cast for each Bond as the total number of persons to be elected. A Bondholder may cast its votes for one or several o f the candidates. The candidates that receive the most votes shall be elected to the Bondholders' Committee.
(c) A Bondholders' Committee may enter into discussions with the Issuer and other creditors o f the Issuer and by majority decision among its members (i) adopt such procedural rules as it considers appropriate and (ii) prepare proposals and recommendations to the Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee may not bind the Bondholders to any agreement or decision. The Trustee shall provide reasonable assistance to the Bondholders' Committee and participate in its meetings.
(d) The Bondholders' Committee may agree w ith the Issuer not to disclose information received from the Issuer provided that it, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bondholders' Committee, is beneficial to the interests o f the Bondholders. I he Trustee shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the Bondholders' Committee.
