(c) A Bondholders' Committee may enter into discussions with the Issuer and other creditors o f the Issuer and by majority decision among its members (i) adopt such procedural rules as it considers appropriate and (ii) prepare proposals and recommendations to the Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee may not bind the Bondholders to any agreement or decision. The Trustee shall provide reasonable assistance to the Bondholders' Committee and participate in its meetings.
(e) The Bondholders' Committee and the Issuer may agree that the Issuer shall pay certain costs and expenses incurred by the Bondholders' Committee. Otherw ise the Bondholders' Committee is not entitled to be reimbursed for any costs or expenses.
16
D e cision s by B ond h old ers
(a) Any decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option o f the Trustee) be dealt w ith at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way o f a Written Procedure.
(b) An> request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 10.00 percent, o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validlymade by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately follow ing the day on which the request is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) fora decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Trustee and
27
dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Trustee. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting. Notw ithstanding the foregoing, the appointment o f a Bondholders' Committee shall always be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Trustee may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Trustee that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance w ith applicable law s.
