dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Trustee. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting. Notw ithstanding the foregoing, the appointment o f a Bondholders' Committee shall always be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(d) Should the Trustee not convene a Bondholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in accordance w ith these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 18(c) being applicable, the Issuer or the Bondholders) requesting a decision by the Bondholders may convene such Bondholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The Issuer or the Issuing Agent shall upon request provide the Issuer or the convening Bondholder(s) with the information available in the debt register (S\v. skuldbok) kept by the C S D in respect o f the Bonds in order to convene and hold the Bondholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(e) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may (i) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17(a) or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending communication in accordance w ith Clause 18(a). in both cases with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 20.4(c). the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17(a). The Issuer shall inform the Trustee before a notice fora Bondholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Trustee is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request o f the Trustee, append information from the Trustee together with the a notice or the communication.
( 0 Onlv a person who is, or who has been provided with a power o f attorney or other proof o f authorisation pursuant to Clause 6 (Right to Act on Behalfo f a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i)
on the Record Date prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, in
respect o f a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(ii) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 18(b). in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition o f Adjusted Nominal Amount.
