(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(j) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect o f a Written Procedure, the Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18(a)). as the case may be. provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purpose o f a second Bondholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 16(h), the date o f request of the second Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 17(a) or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause
29
18(a), as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in
Clause 16(i) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(k) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations o f the Issuer or the I rustee. or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Trustee's consent, as applicable.
(l) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some o f its votes only.
(m) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit o f any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure w ithin the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(n) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective o f them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
