(e) The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents and/or related documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event o f Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance
20.3
Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distributions o f Proceeds).
(f) Notwithstanding any other provision o f the Finance Documents to the contrary', the Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach o f any law or regulation.
(g) If in the Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Trustee) in comply ing with instructions o f the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(h) The Trustee's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Trustee only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Trustee is not acting as an adv isor (whether legal, financial or otherw ise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
(i) The Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition o f the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer o f the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred.
(j) Unless it has actual know ledge to the contrary. the Trustee may assume that all information provided by or on behalf o f the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.
Limited liability for the Trustee
