(d) I lie Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Trustee acting in accordance with instructions o f the Bondholders given in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or a demand by Bondholders given pursuant to Clause 13.10(a).
Replacem ent of the Trustee
(a) Subject to Clause 20.4(0. the Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which ease the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Trustee at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Trustee or by way o f Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Trustee.
(b) Subject to Clause 20.4(0. if the Trustee is Insolvent, the Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Trustee with immediate effect and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent Financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as Trustee under debt issuances.
(c) A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 10.00 per cent, o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose o f dismissing the Trustee and appointing a new Trustee. I he Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way o f Written Procedure initiated by it. propose to the Bondholders that the Trustee be dismissed and a new Trustee appointed.
(d) If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Trustee w ithin ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier o f the notice o f resignation was given or the resignation otherw ise took place or (ii) the Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as Trustee under debt issuances.
(e) 1he retiring Trustee shall, at its ow n cost, make available to the successor Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes o f performing its functions as Trustee under the Finance Documents.
( 0 I he Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Trustee and acceptance bv such successor Trustee of such
35
