( 0 I he Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Trustee and acceptance bv such successor Trustee of such
appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Trustee.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect o f the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit o f the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect o f any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each o f the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Trustee.
(h) In the event that there is a change o f the Trustee in accordance w ith this Clause 20.4. the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Trustee the rights, pow ers and obligation o f the Trustee and releasing the retiring Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement.
21
A p p o in tm e n t and Replacem ent of the Is s u in g A ge nt
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these I'erms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the C S D and relating to the Bonds.
(b) 1he Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed bv the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the C S D accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as Issuing Agent in accordance w ith these Terms and Conditions.
(c) I he Issuing Agent shall enter into agreements w ith the C SD . and comply with such agreement and the C S D Regulations applicable to the Issuing Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Issuing Agent to carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
