(d) I f an Event o f Default is continuing, any notice or other communication made by the Trustee to the Issuer under or in connection with the Finance Documents may, prov ided that the Trustee deems it necessary in order to preserve the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents, be sent by email and will be effective on the day o f dispatch (unless a delivery failure message was received by the Trustee), save that any notice or other communication sent by email that is sent after 5.00 pm in the place of receipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the follow ing day. Any notice or other communication to be sent by email by the Trustee to the Issuer in accordance w ith this paragraph (c) shall be sent to the C F O or the ( T O o f the Issuer, to the email addresses most recently notified by the Issuer to the Trustee.
(a) A n y notice that the Issuer or the Trustee shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 9.4 (Redemption notice), Clause 9.5 (Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or Bond Listing Failure (put option)). Clause 9.6 (Early redemption due to illegality ), Clause 10.1 (b), Clause 16(q), Clause 17(a), Clause 18(a), Clause 19(b) shall also be published by way o f press release by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
(b) In addition to Clause 25.2(a) above, if any information relating to the Bonds or the Issuer contained in a notice the Trustee may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way o f a press release, the Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can law fully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
Force M ajeure a n d Lim itation of Liability
(a) Neither the Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out o f any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil
38
commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect o f strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Trustee or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
(b) The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. I he Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception o f gross negligence and w ilful misconduct.
(c) Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Trustee or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
