A13464739 9
Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Sections 11.1(a), (b), (c) or (d) or, regarding any of the Companies Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Sections 11.1(h), (i), (j) or (k) may however only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it could adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration.
11.4
If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
11.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 11.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Section 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 11.
11.6 The Company is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Section 11.5 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with NASDAQ OMX.
11.7 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 11.1, the Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 12. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 12, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
11.8 If Holders representing not less than fifty (50) per cent, of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount instruct the Agent to declare the Bonds due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Section 11, then the Agent shall do so. However, if the Agent is of the opinion that the Bonds may not be declared due and payable, the Agent is only obliged to take such action if the instructing Holders undertake to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless in a satisfactory manner. Further, the Agent shall at the request of not less than twenty five (25) per cent, of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount, without delay, request the Company to provide a special financial report pursuant to Section 10.1(h).
A13464739 10
