11.8 If Holders representing not less than fifty (50) per cent, of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount instruct the Agent to declare the Bonds due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Section 11, then the Agent shall do so. However, if the Agent is of the opinion that the Bonds may not be declared due and payable, the Agent is only obliged to take such action if the instructing Holders undertake to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless in a satisfactory manner. Further, the Agent shall at the request of not less than twenty five (25) per cent, of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount, without delay, request the Company to provide a special financial report pursuant to Section 10.1(h).
12 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holder's meeting etc.
12.1 General
Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent.
The Company shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in connection with any procedures relating to Section 12.
12.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Agent and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may at any time request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. If the Agent establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Agent must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Agent determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be given to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 16 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. The Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a
A13464739 11
