(d) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 16. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(e) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman of the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting which shall include a list of all Holders that were entitled to vote, any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed by the meeting to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation of votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Agent shall disregard any answers that do not follow listed alternatives or where voting right does not appear in the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may be represented at the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(f) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
(g) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
(h) The Company shall bear all costs for the Company and the Agent in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing.
12.3 Replacement of the Agent and the Issuing Agent
The Agent may resign as agent or transfer its position as agent by giving not less than three (3) months' prior notice in writing to the Company and the Holders and the Agent shall resign as agent by decision of the Company or by resolution of the Holders taken with such Qualified Majority as set out in 12.2(c)(i). The Company shall then appoint a new agent to be approved by the Holders. If the Company or the Holders have not appointed a new Agent within not less than three (3) months after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent.
A13464739 13
No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under the Terms and Conditions. The Agent's successor, the Company, the Issuer and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
