18.2 For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
19 Limitation of liability etc.
19.1 The Company, the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority,
A13464739 15
war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict. 19.2 The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting as a representative for the Holders, aligned with the decisions made in accordance with Section 12, unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. This shall also apply to the Agent or affiliate to the Agent acting in another manner in relation to the Company within the scope of other dealings with the Company. 19.3 The Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event, unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent be liable for indirect damage. 19.4 Should the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any of the circumstances mentioned in Section 19.1 above, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event. 19.5 The provisions in this Section 19 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479) which provisions shall take precedence.
20 Governing law and jurisdiction 20.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Kingdom of Sweden. 20.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to
Section 20.3 below, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance. 20.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Holders and the Agent to take proceedings against the Company in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets.
We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon the Company.
