"Issuer" means Future Gaming Group International AB, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556706-8720.
"Maintenance Test" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1(a).
"Make Whole Amount" means the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 104.88 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments, less any accrued but unpaid interest, through and including the First Call Date,
each calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Group's ability to perform and comply with the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer, each Guarantor and any other Group Company with earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated on the same basis as EBITDA representing 5.00% or more of EBITDA, or which has total assets representing 5.00% or more of the total assets of the Group, calculated on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
