(d) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4.1(b) have been received by the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent or the Security Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the funds less the Earn-out Amount for the purpose set out in Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds).
14
Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4.1(e). The repurchase date shall fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the ending of the forty (40) Business Days period referred to above.
4.2 Conditions Precedent for Disbursement of the Earn-out Amount
(a) The Security Agent shall instruct the bank with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account, to transfer the Earn-out Amount or part thereof, if the Issuer provides evidence of the amount of the earn-out to be paid immediately to the relevant seller in accordance with the relevant Acquisition Agreement (an "Earn-out Payment").
(b) If the Earn-out Amount has not been utilised in full in accordance with Clause 4.2(a) on or before the date falling eighteen (18) months after the First Issue Date, the remaining funds (the "Remaining Funds") shall be used to make a partial prepayment in accordance with Clause 9.4 (Mandatory partial redemption).
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
