(iii) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 24 months from the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 30 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 102.93 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Mandatory partial redemption
(a) The Issuer shall apply the Remaining Funds towards redemption of the Bonds by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000). Any such partial redemption shall be made at the Interest Payment Date falling eighteen (18) months after the First Issue Date and at a price of 100% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest).
(b) Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to repay the Bonds in part on the immediately following Interest Payment Date at the applicable amounts. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor and paid to the person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
9.5 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right
18
shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or De-listing Event (as applicable).
