"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
7
"Margin" means six and a half percentage points (6.50%) per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstances which has a material adverse effect on:
(a) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total consolidated assets represent at least 10% of the total consolidated assets of the Group and/or any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total consolidated earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) represent at least 10% of the total consolidated EBITDA of the Group, and any further Subsidiaries of the Issuer designated by the Issuer in order to ensure that the Issuer and the Material Subsidiaries constitute at least 80% of the total consolidated assets and total consolidated EBITDA of the Group, excluding (for the avoidance of doubt) all intra-Group items and investments in subsidiaries of any member of the Group.
"Maturity Date" means 24 February 2021. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate fixed for a defined period on the Exchange's webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time or, on days on which the Exchange has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source shall be used which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer provides a correct expressions of the relevant interest rate. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
