Guarantees, the Cash Sweep Account and the Debt Service Account
4.2 An amount corresponding to four quarterly interest payments to be paid under these Terms and Conditions, in total SEK 24,750,000, shall be transferred from the Net Proceeds to the Debt Service Account on the Issue Date.
8
4.3 The Company shall ensure that the Security Documents are duly executed by the respective Group Company and/or the Guarantor in favour of the Holders (as represented by the Bond Trustee) and the Bond Trustee and that the Security Documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect. The Company shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Holders and the Bond Trustee to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.
4.4 The Bond Trustee will, where applicable, hold the security created under the Security Documents on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents.
4.5 Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Section 18, the Bond Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Company, its Subsidiaries or third parties if it is, in the Bond Trustee's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, releasing or enforcing the security created under the Security Documents or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the security created under the Security Documents, respectively.
4.6 If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Section 16, or following the Final Redemption Date, the Bond Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the security created under the Security Documents, in such manner and under such conditions that the Bond Trustee finds acceptable (if in accordance with the Security Documents).
4.7 If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the security or guarantee created under all or any of the Security Documents, the Bond Trustee is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to cause for termination having ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Bond Trustee shall not enforce any of the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 18, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
4.8 Funds that the Bond Trustee receives on account of the Holders in connection with the enforcement of any or all of the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The Bond Trustee shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. If the Bond Trustee deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Section 4.9, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
