4.7 If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the security or guarantee created under all or any of the Security Documents, the Bond Trustee is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to cause for termination having ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Bond Trustee shall not enforce any of the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 18, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
9
4.9 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any security or guarantee created under any Security Document, the Company irrevocably authorises and empowers the Bond Trustee to act in the name of the Company, and on behalf of the Company, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Section 4.8. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Section 4.9 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Company shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Section 4.8. Especially, the Company shall, upon the Bond Trustee's request, provide the Bond Trustee with a written power of attorney empowering the Bond Trustee to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Bond Trustee and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Section 4.8 to the Holders through the CSD.
5 The Bonds and transferability
5.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
5.2 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
5.3 Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at its own cost and expense.
5.4 Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Security Documents relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
5.5 The Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
