5.4 Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Security Documents relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
5.6 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIB") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act. In the application form each person applying for the Bonds must confirm whether it is a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act, and if it is a U.S. person it must confirm, inter alia, that it is a QIB.
5.7 Holders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Holder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance
10
with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
5.8 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.
6
Bonds in electronic book-entry form
6.1 The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act in electronic book-entry form and will be registered on behalf of each Holder on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of a will or a deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
