9
9.1 The Company may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds early on any Call Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than 20 Banking Days' notice in accordance with Section 23. The notice shall be irrevocable but may, at the Company's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Company is bound to redeem the Bonds in full. The notice shall also state the redemption date and the relevant Record Date.
9.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed at the relevant Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest in accordance with Section 11 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Call Date.
9.3 The Bonds may not be redeemed by request of the Company prior to the Final Redemption Date in any other circumstances.
10 Mandatory Partial Prepayment
10.1 Upon the occurrence of a Joint Venture Distribution Event, the Company shall make a partial prepayment at the Prepayment Price with the aggregate Joint Venture Distribution Amount by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata with the Joint Venture Distribution Amount ("Mandatory Partial Prepayment"). The prepayment shall be executed on the Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) falling after the Joint Venture Distribution Event in question and include accrued but unpaid interest, the first such Interest Payment Date being the Interest Payment Date on 28 September 2014 and the last such Interest Payment Date being the Interest Payment Date on 28 September 2016 (i.e., no Mandatory Partial Prepayment shall occur on the Final Redemption Date). The Company shall give not less than twenty (20) Banking Days' notice of the prepayment to the Holders and the Bond Trustee. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Company is bound to execute the prepayment at the Prepayment Price. If the aggregate Nominal Amount under all outstanding Bonds would fall below SEK 27,500,000 due to a Mandatory Partial Prepayment, the Company must also redeem all remaining outstanding Bonds at the Prepayment Price when executing the Mandatory Partial Prepayment in question.
10.2 The Prepayment Price shall be an even amount in SEK and paid to the Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant prepayment date.
12
11 Interest
