(i) Continuation of the business: any Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in Section 16.1 (f) above, or (ii) a permitted disposal of assets as stipulated in Section 14.4.
16.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Sections 16.1 (b) and (c) above or, regarding any of the Company's or the Guarantor's Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Sections 16.1 (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) above may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Bond Trustee's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Section 16.1 (d).
16.4 The Bond Trustee shall only give its consent to a merger and/or demerger in accordance with Section 16.1 (f) (i) if an accountant, engaged in accordance with Section 17.2 (f), has assured that the merger and/or demerger will not have a Material Adverse Effect.
16.5 It is not necessary that a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for it to be a cause for termination.
16.6 The Company is obligated to inform the Bond Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 16.1 should occur. Should the Bond Trustee not receive such information, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Bond Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Bond Trustee is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Section 16.1. The Company shall further, at the request of the
18
Bond Trustee, provide the Bond Trustee with details of any circumstances referred to in Section 16.1 and provide the Bond Trustee with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Section 16.
16.7 The Company is only obligated to inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 16.6 if informing the Bond Trustee would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds have been listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with OMX or otherwise, the Company shall however be obligated to either seek the approval from OMX or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Bond Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 16.6.
16.8 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 16.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within 10 Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 18. If the Holders vote in favour of termination, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Bond Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default and whether such event has a Material Adverse Effect.
