19
(b) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Bond Trustee.
(c) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents, no Holder may take any action against any Group Company or the Guarantor in matters relating to the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of any Group Company or the Guarantor or the making of an administration order in relation to any Group Company or the Guarantor or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to any Group Company or the Guarantor in respect of any of the liabilities of a Group Company or the Guarantor whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
(d) Section 17.1 (c) shall not apply if the Bond Trustee has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Section 17.1(b)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Company of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions, the Agent Agreement or a Security Document, or by any reason described in Section 17.5 (a), such failure must continue for 40 Banking Days after notice pursuant to Section 17.5 (b) before a Holder may take any action referred to in Section 17.1 (c).
(e) The provisions of Section 17.1 (c) shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Section 15 or other payments which are due by the Company to some but not all Holders.
17.2 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Group Companies and the Guarantor of their obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents. The Bond Trustee shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 18 and implement any decisions which have been taken at such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is
20
expressly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
