20
(b) In its capacity as security trustee, the Bond Trustee shall ensure that all security to be granted in favour of the Holders (as represented by the Bond Trustee) become perfected in due course. Further, the Bond Trustee shall hold and, if applicable, enforce any security created under the Security Documents on behalf of the Holders and shall monitor the compliance by the Group Companies and the Guarantor of their respective obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents with respect to the security interests created under the Security Documents.
(c) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of one or more Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until a resolution has been passed on the matter at a Holders'meeting.
(d) The Bond Trustee may act as agent and/or security trustee for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate the exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(e) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Bond Trustee is not obligated to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach o f a fiduciary duty or duty o f confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Bond Trustee does not limit the Bond Trustee's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(f) The Bond Trustee may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil or evaluate its rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents. The costs of such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Bond Trustee is however obligated to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts. The Bond Trustee may choose to rely on copies of all documents that are to be presented to the Bond Trustee and may assume that any document presented to the Bond Trustee is correct, and the Bond Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such documents.
17.3 Limited liability for the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
21
