(a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Bond Trustee or if the Bond Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents to be paid by the Bond Trustee to the Holders, provided that the Bond Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Bond Trustee for that purpose.
(d) The Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Section 18.
(e) Any liability towards the Company which is incurred by the Bond Trustee in acting under, or in relation to, these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Company to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents.
17.4 Replacement of Bond Trustee and Issuing Agent
(a) Subject to Section 17.4 (f), the Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Company and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Bond Trustee in accordance with the procedures in Section 18.
(b) Subject to Section 17.4 (f), if the Bond Trustee is insolvent, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Bond Trustee and the Company shall within 10 Banking Days appoint a successor Bond Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(c) A Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Company (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Holder on the day the notice is received by the Company and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Bond Trustee and appointing a new Bond Trustee. The Company may, at a Holders' meeting convened by it or procedure in writing initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Bond Trustee be dismissed and a new Bond Trustee appointed.
