(i) The Company appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
17.5 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee is, according to the Agent Agreement, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions. If in the Bond Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Bond Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Company, the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or
23
indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Section 16.8 and 16.9 without first having received such funding or indemnities.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Company of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents or the Agent Agreement, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Section 17.5 (a).
18 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and be notified in accordance with Section 23, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation o f the holding o f Bonds o f the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Bond Trustee shall, within 20 Banking Days from receipt o f such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Company shall assist the Bond Trustee and take any measures that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are required to convene the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee is not required to convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, or (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(b) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 23 not later than 10 Banking Days and not earlier than 30 Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. Further, the notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content o f each proposal (if any). The Bond Trustee shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a resolution form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to OMX for publication.
