(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and be notified in accordance with Section 23, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation o f the holding o f Bonds o f the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Bond Trustee shall, within 20 Banking Days from receipt o f such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Company shall assist the Bond Trustee and take any measures that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are required to convene the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee is not required to convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, or (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(c) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). The Bond Trustee shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in
24
writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing).
(d) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 18 (b) may be resolved upon by the Holders'meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 1,000,000 (or such lower Nominal Amount that follows due to a Mandatory Partial Prepayment) held. A Holder need not use all of its votes and is not obligated to vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. Bonds held by any Group Company or any of its Affiliates shall not carry any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be in accordance with the opinion held by the majority of the Nominal Amount of the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the below issues, the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted or, as applicable, the answers received for a resolution to be passed ("Qualified M ajo rity "):
(i) two thirds (2/3) to (1) waive a breach of a special undertaking in Section 14, and (2) amend a provision in these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters (3/4) to (1) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company, (2) amend any redemption day for principal or interest amount, (3) amend the provisions in this Section 18 (d).
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee), will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by any Group Company (or any of its Affiliates) shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within 15 minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the reply period), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended period for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 23. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with Section 18 (d), through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
