(j) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution being or not being passed at the Holders' meeting.
26
requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person referred to in Section 18 (g) exists, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting person.
(l) For the purpose of this Section 18, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 24 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee, or other sufficient evidence, (i) certifying, or evidencing, that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 24 and this Section 18 (l).
(m) The Company shall bear all its and the Bond Trustee's costs in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.
19 Fees, expenses and tax
19.1 Unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, the Company shall cover all costs and expenses (including legal costs) incurred by it in connection with, and the fulfilment of its obligations under, these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty) and the listing of the Bonds on OMX.
19.2 The fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Company and are set forth in the Agent Agreement.
19.3 Subject to applicable law and regulation, (i) the Company shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bond Issue and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable and (ii) the Holders shall pay any stamp duty or public fees accruing in connection with trading of Bonds in the secondary market. The Company shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee under item (ii) above or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax.
