23.2 Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents (unless otherwise is stipulated in such Security Document) shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Bond Trustee and the Company, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Section 23.1 or, in case of letter, 3 Banking Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Section 23.1 or, in case of email to the Bond Trustee or the Company, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Section 23.1.
23.4 Any notice that the Company or the Bond Trustee shall send to the Holders pursuant to Section 9.1, 10.1, 15.1, 16.8, 18 (b), 18 (g) or 20.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Company or the Bond Trustee, as applicable.
23.5 In addition to Section 23.4, if any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Bond Trustee may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Bond Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Company the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Company does not promptly issue a press release and the Bond Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
24 Nominee registration
In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting rights of the Holders in Section 18).
25 Force majeure and limitation of liability
25.1 Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
25.2 The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
25.3 Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
