(c) The repayment shall occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
10.4 Early redemption - Equity clawback (a) The Issuer may at any time from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First Call Date on no less than ten (10) calendar days' and no more than sixty (60) calendar days' prior written notice use the net cash proceeds from one or more equity offerings in connection with an IPO, which net cash proceeds are received by the Group or contributed to the Group as Subordinated Loans or to the equity, together with any cash on the Issuer's balance sheet, in an aggregate amount not exceeding 35 per cent. of the Loan Amount, towards redemption of the Bonds at a price of 104.125 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (the "Equity Clawback"), provided that at least 50 per cent. of the Loan Amount remain outstanding after such redemption.
(b) Any amount for which the Equity Clawback is exercised shall be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD
(c) For the avoidance of doubt, redemption in accordance with this Clause 10.4 may be exercised in addition to the Call Option in Clause 10.2 and the Voluntary Partial Repayment Option pursuant to Clause 10.2.
31 (62)
10.5 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount).
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.4 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth (5th) Business Day after the end of the thirty (30) calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day following the date of such notice.
