Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Loan Security:
Maersk Contractors: Mandatory Redemption: Margin:
another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page did on the disbursement of the Loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of this Loan Agreement.
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in U.S. Dollars in the inter-bank market in London, quoted by four large authorised exchange banks in the London market at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date in London, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date for deposits in U.S. Dollars to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
the security and its documents securing the obligation of the Borrower under this Loan Agreement as set out in Clause 8.2.
A coordination agreement shall be entered into between the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the First Priority Lenders, the agent of the First Priority Loan, the Borrower and Rig Owning Companies and such other parties from time to time required to accede to the coordination agreement.
A.P. Moller - Maersk Group trading in the name of Maersk Contractors.
the early redemption of the Loan as set forth in Clause 10.3.
