20.1.2
The consent of the Noteholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents made in accordance with Clause 19.1. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Condition 19.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Condition 12.3.1 (Inspection and Publication o f Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment to the Finance Documents in accordance with Condition 19.1 shall take effect on the date determined by the Noteholders Meeting or in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE
Appointment of Trustee
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Trustee to act pursuant to the Trust Deed as its trustee in all matters relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Trustee to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the enforcement of the Guarantee. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Trustee to act on its behalf.
No Noteholder shall be entitled to make a request of the Security Agent, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to proceed directly itself against the Issuer and the Guarantors unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. The Trustee shall not be bound to take any action in relation to the Trust Deed, these Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement unless directed to do so in accordance with Conditions 16, 17 and/or 18 as applicable, and it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide to the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
