20.2.8 20.3 20.3.1
The Trustee shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents. The Trustee is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection or enforcement of the Transaction Security.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents with the degree of care and diligence required of it as trustee having regard to the provisions o f this Trust Deed and the other Finance Documents.
The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security or the Guarantees which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Condition 15 (Distribution o fproceeds).
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or fiduciary duty.
If in the Trustee's opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including fees to the Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security including by way of pre-funding has been provided therefore) as it may require.
The Trustee shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Condition 20.2.7.
