The Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Trustee or if the Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders.
The Trustee shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Condition 16 (Decisions by Noteholders) or a demand by Noteholders given pursuant to Condition 14.1.
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Trustee in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Trustee
Subject to Condition 20.4.6, the Trustee may resign by giving written notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor Trustee at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Trustee or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Trustee.
Subject to Condition 20.4.6, if the Trustee is Insolvent, the Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Trustee and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as trustee under debt issuances.
A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of removing the Trustee and appointing a new Trustee. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Trustee be removed and a new Trustee appointed.
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Trustee within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice o f resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Trustee was removed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as trustee under debt issuances.
The retiring Trustee shall, at the Issuer's cost, make available to the successor Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Trustee under the Finance Documents.
