"Initial Investors" means funds and investors advised or managed by BC Partners Limited and employees of BC Partners Limited whose voting rights in Topco will be exercised by BC Partners Limited pursuant to a shareholders agreement in respect of Topco.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement originally dated 21 July 2011, as amended and restated on 3 August 2011, 26 September 2011 and 10 June 2014 and made between, among others, the Issuer, Holdco and Nordea Bank AB (publ), and to which the Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders) will accede on or prior to the release of Net Proceeds from the Escrow Account.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Conditions 9.1 to 9.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 4 November each year, or in each case to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes issued on the First Issue Date shall be 4 November 2015, and in each case the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Maturity Date or any Redemption Date prior thereto.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted in accordance with the application of any Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means 5.250 per cent. per annum.
"Intra-Group Loan Documents" means any document evidencing any Structural Intra Group Loan and any additional documents evidencing or creating any liabilities owed by Holdco to NorCell 1B AB (publ) or the Issuer to Holdco, including, without limitation, any debt interest that constitutes or endorses a New Shareholder Injection.
"Issuer" means NorCell Sweden Holding 3 AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556859-4195.
