"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Topco" means Com Hem Holding AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556858-6613.
"Total Net Debt" means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all obligations of members of the Group for or in respect of Financial Indebtedness at that time but (i) excluding any such obligations to any other Group Company; (ii) excluding any such obligations in respect of any subordinated loans made under the Intra-Group Loan Documents and to the extent they constitute Financial Indebtedness, any New Shareholder Injection; (iii) including, in the case of Finance Leases only, their capitalised value in excess of SEK261,800,000; (iv) excluding any indebtedness for or in respect of any Treasury Transaction; and (v) deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held by any Group Company at that time, and in each case so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once.
"Total Net Leverage" means, in respect of any date of calculation, the ratio of Total Net Debt on that date (or the latest date for which the Total Net Debt can be determined) to Underlying EBITDA in respect of the most recent Relevant Period.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.
"Trade Instruments" means any performance bonds, advance payment bonds or documentary letters of credit issued in respect of the obligations of any Issuer Group Company arising in the ordinary course of trading of that Issuer Group Company.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with the issue of the Initial Notes, the refinancing of the 2011/2018 Senior Secured Notes and the listing of the Initial Notes on NASDAQ Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable).
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or evidenced or expressed to be created or evidenced under or pursuant to the Security Documents.
"Treasury Transaction" means any derivate transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price.
