Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following written notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure, as applicable (the "First Exercise Period") after which time period such right shall lapse. However, the First Exercise Period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure, as applicable.
After the expiry of the First Exercise Period, the Issuer shall within five (5) Business Days serve a notice to the Noteholders stating the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes which have been requested to be repurchased pursuant to this Condition 10.5 (the "Put Request Nominal Amount").
If the Put Request Nominal Amount exceeds seventy-five (75) per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased on the same terms during a period of ten (10) Business Days following the notice stating the Put Request Nominal Amount (the "Second Exercise Period"). Such notice shall also specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice stating the Put Request Nominal Amount. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the Second Exercise Period.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Condition 10.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Condition 10.5 by virtue of the conflict.
28
LON33163840/1
10.5.6 10.5.7 11. 11.1 11.2 11.3
11.4
Each Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes in the open market or in any other way. Any Notes purchased by a Group Company in accordance with this Condition 10.5.6 may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
