9.4.3 9.5 9.5.1 9.5.2 9.5.3
A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or a Listing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1.
If Noteholders representing more than ninety (90) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall send a notice to the remaining Noteholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of thirty (30) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5.3. The repurchase date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period of thirty (30) Business Days referred to in this Clause 9.5.3.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
14
9.5.5 9.5.6 10 10.1 10.1.1
