Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 15.7, and otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If quorum exists for some but not all of the matter to be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matter for which a quorum exists.
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 16.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 17.1), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Noteholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 15.10, the date of request of the second Noteholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 17.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 15.9 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or
25
