L 3143832 VI 04.07.12 92656-086
(iv) any such Group Company as is referred to in Clauses 10.5 (,Suspended Redemption) (see Clause 10.5.3), 13.4(e)(i) (Ownership to Material Subsidiaries) and 13.4(/z) {Ownership to Existing Vessels),
each of which shall remain a Material Subsidiary for all purposes of this Bond Agreement for as long as its total consolidated or unconsolidated assets (as the case may be) and/or total consolidated or unconsolidated EBITDA (as the case may be) represent 20% or more of the total consolidated assets and/or total consolidated EBITDA of the Group (as determined by reference to the latest annual or quarterly financial statements).
"Net Interest-Bearing Debt" means the book value of the Group's total interest-bearing debt in accordance with GAAP less Liquidity.
"Net Interest Cost" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest-bearing debt less the aggregate gross cash interest income of the Group (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis). For the avoidance of doubt, PIK interests shall not be considered as interest income (unless it is received in cash). Furthermore, gains or losses (whether realised or unrealised) on interest rate, currency or derivatives transactions (mark-tomarket accounting, where relevant) shall not be considered as interest income or cost.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
