"Put Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.3 (Change of Control).
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Redemption Amount" means the amount calculated by multiplying the Outstanding Bonds with a fraction that equals the proportion of the Groups' consolidated assets which are categorised as "Property, Plant & Equipment" (including vessels) that the relevant asset owned by the relevant Material Subsidiary (or portion thereof) represents (by reference to the latest Quarterly Financial Report), provided, however, that upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the amount to be redeemed shall be limited to 100% of the insurance proceeds received after repayment of the relevant Existing Vessel Debt and payment of any third party liability.
"Reliance Option Event" means an event whereby Reliance Industries Limited exercises its option to purchase Dhirubhai-1 pursuant to the terms of the existing charter contract for Dhirubhai-1.
"Replacement Vessel" means any such offshore unit or vessel as referred to in 10.5 (Suspended Redemption) (see Clause 10.5.2), but only for as long as its owning company qualifies as a Material Subsidiary under this Bond Agreement.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
