10.4.4 For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price payable in respect of the Outstanding Bonds at each relevant time shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the redemption is carried out.
L 3143832 VI 04.07.12 92656-086
17/39
holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, shall be equal to the Redemption Amount multiplied with the relevant redemption price.
10.4.6 Notwithstanding the above provisions of this Clause 10.4, each Bondholder shall have the right to decline redemption of its Bonds upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event, in which case the funds otherwise payable by the Issuer to the relevant Bondholder(s) by way of a mandatory redemption at the relevant time, shall be retained by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. Such right to decline a mandatory redemption must be exercised no later than fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the relevant mandatory redemption. Each Bondholder exercising such right shall give an irrevocable written notice thereof to its Account Manager and the Bond Trustee. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent and the Issuer accordingly.
10.5 Suspended Redemption
10.5.1 Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event (other than an Event of Default), the Issuer may by giving written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, request that the mandatory redemption required pursuant to Clause 10.4 {Mandatory Redemption) be suspended for a period of up to a maximum of twelve (12) months from the date of occurrence of the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event. Upon any such request being made by the Issuer, the Redemption Amount shall be deposited on an escrow account in the name of the Issuer which shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by a pledge agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
10.5.2 During the 12-month period referred to in Clause 10.5.1, the Issuer shall be entitled to apply the Redemption Amount against the costs of acquiring a replacement offshore unit or vessel (the "Replacement Vessel"). To the extent the Redemption Amount is applied for such purpose during such period, the relevant portion of the Redemption Amount so applied, shall not be used to redeem the Outstanding Bonds. To the extent the Redemption Amount is not applied for such purpose during such period, the relevant portion of the Redemption Amount not so applied, shall be used to redeem the Outstanding Bonds in accordance with the relevant provision of pursuant to Clause 10.4 {Mandatory Redemption), in which case the settlement date for such redemption shall be no later than the date falling twelve (12) months after the date of occurrence of the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event.
10.5.3 The relevant Group Company becoming the owner of any such Replacement Vessel as contemplated in Clause 10.5.2 shall become a Material Subsidiary if its total consolidated or unconsolidated assets (as the case may be) and/or total consolidated or unconsolidated EBITDA (as the case may be) represent 20% or more of the total consolidated assets and/or total consolidated EBITDA of the Group.
