its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
17.3.1 Any change or replacement of the Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16 {Bondholders' meeting). The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14 {Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of security agent and security trustee
17.4.1 The Bonds are unsecured. However, if during the term of this Bond Agreement, security is provided by any Group Company pursuant to paragraph {d){i) of Clause 13.5 {Preservation o f equity andfinancial covenants), the Bond Trustee may act as security agent or security trustee (as the case may be) for the Bondholders or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as security agent or security trustee for the Bondholders.
17.4.2 The main functions of the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent or security trustee (as the case may be) may include holding security interests on behalf of or in trust for, the Bondholders, as the case may be, and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the relevant security documents with respect to such security interests.
17.4.3 Before the appointment of a security agent or security trustee other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed security agent or security trustee, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
17.4.4 The functions, rights and obligations of any security agent or security trustee other than the Bond Trustee may be determined by a security agency agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the relevant security agent or security trustee (as the case may be). The Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Group Company or other party issuing any security document to become a party to any such security agency agreement, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge in writing the terms of any such security agency agreement.
