"Issue Bate" means 11. April 2011.
"Leasing Obligation" means any liability in respect of any current or future lease or hire purchase contract which is treated in accordance with IFRS IAS 17 as operational leases, and which would have been treated as such under same IAS (as of days date) if this is superseded by another IFRS materially altering the operational lease definition and/or the accounting for operational leases.
"LIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate months which appears on the Reuters Screen LIBOROl Page as of 11.00 a.m., London time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen LIBOROl Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined'as if the Bond Reference Rate is "LIBOR Reference Banks" as the applicable floating rate option.
"LIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in U.S. Dollars are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the London market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 11.00 a.m., London time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the London interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate months commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal London office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in New York City, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 11.00 a.m., New York time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in U.S. Dollars to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate months commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"Manager" means the co-lead managers for the Bond Issue.
"M argin" means 7.50 percentage points per annum.
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement.
6
Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA
