6
"M aterial Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose consolidated assets or total consolidated revenues represent at least 20% of total consolidated assets or the consolidated revenues of the Group as of the date at which the latest financial statements were prepared, as well as any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date.
"M aturity Date" means 11. April 2016 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention for the relevant Tranche.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency ofNorway.
"NOK Tranche" means the Bonds issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement with ISIN NO 001 060619.7, in a total amount of NOK 560 million (Norwegian kroner fivehundredandsixty million), with denominations of NOK 500.000.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
