11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
12.1 Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than five (5) months after the end of the 2017 financial year and not later than four (4) months after each subsequent financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than two (2) months after each Quarter Date.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication o f its Interim Accounts pursuant to Clause 12.1 (b) (Financial Reports), a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Interim Accounts attached thereto. The Compliance
30/61
Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Interim Accounts are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.22 (Financial covenants) as at such date. Any Compliance Certificates provided in the period until the final disbursement of the proceeds from the bond issue from the Escrow Account shall contain a specific confirmation with respect to compliance with Clause 2.3 (Use o fproceeds) and Clause 6.2 (Distribution).
