effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits and any unpaid fees or expenses under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
16.6 Security Agent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
In accordance with Clause 3.1, by virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Clause 16.6, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party, and they appoint the Bond Trustee as beneficiary of the security created under the Romanian Transaction Security Documents, including within the meaning and for the purpose of Article 164 paragraph (4) of Romanian Law no. 71/2011 for the application of Romanian Law no. 287/2009 regarding the Romanian Civil Code and it is empowered empowers to exercise all rights granted by law to a secured creditor in respect of the security created under the Romanian Transaction Security Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
49/61
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
(f) In accordance with Clause 3.1, by virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Clause 16.6, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party, and they appoint the Security Agent to act as their collateral agent (in Hungarian: "zalogjogosulti bizomanyos") under Article 5:96 of the Hungarian Civil Code with regard to each and any Transaction Security Document governed by Hungarian law. It is hereby confirmed that the Security Agent in its capacity as collateral agent is entitled and obliged to exercise the rights and perform the obligations under the Transaction Security Documents governed by Hungarian law and it has the authority to enter into any Transaction Security Document governed by Hungarian law in its own name and in the name of, and on behalf of the Bondholders. Any Obligor incorporated in Hungary hereby expressly consents to the appointment of the Security Agent as collateral agent under Article 5:96 of the Hungarian Civil Code and accepts that the rights of the Bondholders will be exercised and obligations of the Bondholders will be performed primarily by the Security Agent (in its capacity as collateral agent) in accordance with this Clause 16.6 and Article 5:96 of the Hungarian Civil Code.
