"Margin" means 5.25 per cent, per annum.
"Material Subsidiary" means any Group Company whose (i) total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % o f the total consolidated assets of the Group, (ii) total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated net sales of the Group, (iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets o f another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date or (iv) any Subsidiary owning any o f the Cabu vessels, always provided that the Issuer shall, if required, appoint subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to procure that Subsidiaries not being Material Subsidiaries shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated net sales/tumover, gross assets or net assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Maturity Date" means 27 May 2021. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Oslo Børs' webpage (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.15 (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates o f Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment o f the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's reasonable opinion is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
