10.2.3 On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.
10.3 Change o f control
10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.
15
10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change o f Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.
10.3.3 The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end o f the 60 days exercise period o f the Put Option.
10.3.4 On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount o f each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.
10.3.5 If Bonds representing more than 90% of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Change o f Control) (Put Option), the Issuer may at its election repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at a price o f 101% o f par value (plus accrued interest) by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 days after the settlement date for the Put Option (the "Clean-Up Call"). Such prepayment of Bonds pursuant to the Clean-Up Call may occur at the earliest on the 15th day following the date o f such notice in respect of the Clean-Up Call.
11 Payments
