(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to this Bond Agreement, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose o f Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Maturity o f Bonds and redemption).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the city of Oslo). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not
27
present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives o f the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
G) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the chair o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results o f the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair o f the Bondholders' Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website o f the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
