G) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the chair o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results o f the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair o f the Bondholders' Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless o f who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
16.3 Voting rules
(a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power o f attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence o f ownership o f Voting Bonds.
28
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 16, a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any o f the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will have the deciding vote.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting
