Perestroika CLA on a pro rata basis.
"Accounts Receivable" has the meaning as set out in Clause 15.1.
"Assignment of Charter" means to the extent legally permitted, a first priority assignment of all rights and obligations under any Charter with a duration exceeding six months, to the extent such rights and obligations can be assigned without consent from the third party pursuant to the terms of the relevant charter contract (and where such assignment requires consent from the end-users pursuant to the relevant contract, the Issuer will have no obligation to assign all rights and obligations if consent cannot be obtained, but shall use its best efforts to obtain such consent). The Trustee shall be obliged to issue a quiet enjoyment letter if so required by any charterer on customary terms and reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Assignment of Earnings" means first priority assignment of Earnings payable to the Guarantors under any Charters with a duration of six months or more, and the Guarantors and the Issuer shall give notices and ensure that any intra-group charterers give notices and endeavour in good faith to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties.
"Assignment of Insurances" means first priority assignment in any relevant insurance taken out on the Vessels and its equipment.
"Assignment of Technical Management Agreement" means first priority assignment of any rights of each of the Issuer or the Guarantors (as the case may be) under the Technical Management Agreement (to the extent legally permissible). The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
