" Margin" means 6.90 per cent per annum.
" Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or (iii) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement.
" Material Group Company" means any Group Company whose total consolidated EBITDA represent at least 10% of the total consolidated EBITDA of the Group, always provided that the Issuer shall, if required, appoint Group Companies as "Material Group Companies" to procure that Group Companies not being Material Group Companies shall in aggregate not exceed 20% of the consolidated EBITDA of the Group.
" Maturity Date" means 27 May 2021. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
" Maximum Leverage" means the ratio of Total Indebtedness to Total Assets.
" MLP" means GasLog Partners L.P. (or another MLP established and controlled by the Issuer), a master limited partnership whose limited partnership units are traded on a regulated market place or a securities exchange established by a sponsor and which is managed and controlled by the General Partner with a number of limited partners (with customary limited voting rights in the MLP) as investors in which the profit is paid to the partners based on "available cash" with an aim of maximizing the MLP's distributions, but so that the actual distributions are based on the General Partner's discretion.
" MLP RCF" means that certain revolving credit facility made available by the Issuer to the MLP, at market terms, in the amount of USD 30,000,000 pursuant to a credit facility agreement dated 12 May 2014.
" NIBOR" means the interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant
9798893/5
