13
9
Interest
9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, 22 January 2015 at a fixed rate of six per cent (6%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 22 July 2015.
Up to and including the Interest Payment Date in January 2017, interest payments may, at the Issuer's discretion, instead be made as PIK (and not cash) in the form of additional Bonds based on the Face Value, calculated based on the total number of Bonds at each Interest Payment Date, rounded down to the nearest USD. If the Issuer for an interest payment decides to use this option to make the interest payment in kind (i.e. as PIK), the Fixed Rate for such PIK interest payment shall be eight per cent (8%) per amium.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).
9.5 In the event that the Issuer opts to pay interest in kind (i.e. as PIK) pursuant to Clause 9.2, the Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders (via the Securities Depository) and the Paying Agent at latest at 16:00 hours Oslo time on the 5th Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant interest calculation period for which the Issuer will pay as PIK. The Paying Agent shall carry the PIK into effect at the relevant Interest Payment Date. The additional Bonds issued as PIK give the same rights as the other issued Bonds as of the registration of the increased outstanding amount of the Bonds in the Securities Depositary, and shall be deemed to constitute a part of the Bonds.
