"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, M idsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Y ear's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose o f this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence o f an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent. o f the votes o f the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and:
(a) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, including calculations and figures in respect o f the Maintenance Test, that the Maintenance Test is met as per the last day o f the quarter to which the Compliance Certificate refers to (and has not been breached since the last day of the relevant quarter to which the most recent Compliance Certificate refers to);
(b) if provided in connection with the payment o f a Restricted Payment (which requires that the Incurrence Test is met calculated proforma including the Restricted Payment in question and any dividends on Preference Shares required to be included), including calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test; or
(c) if provided in connection with a Subsequent Bond Issue, that item (a) o f the Maintenance Test is met calculated pro forma including the Subsequent Bond Issue.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect o f the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg.no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
