In addition to Clause 23.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice that the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way o f a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out o f any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 24 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
LISTING
The Issuer intends to list the Bonds issued under the Initial Bond Issue within thirty (30) calendar days, and has undertaken to list the Bonds issued under the Initial Bond Issue within twelve (12) months, after the First Issue Date on the corporate bond list ofNasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) in accordance with Clause 11.2 (Listing o f the Bonds). Further, if the Bonds issued under the Initial Bond Issue have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm within sixty (60) calendar days after the First Issue Date, each Holder has a right o f repayment (put option) o f its Bonds in accordance with Clause
35
10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure (put option)).
