"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and Bookrunner for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance o f the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 4 ( Use o fproceeds).
"Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) o f the definition o f Financial Indebtedness under this Clause 1.1.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Preference Shares" means preference shares (Sw. preferensaktier) issued by the Issuer from time to time on market terms or better.
"Profit Before Tax" means, for the Relevant Period, the Group's consolidated profit before tax (Sw. resultatföre skatt) according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
"Property Value" means the aggregate fair value o f the properties (land and buildings) held by the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, adjusted for any investments in and depreciations of the properties, respectively, during the period starting on the day falling immediately after the last day of the period covered by the latest consolidated Financial Report and ending on the relevant Record Date.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day o f that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 13 (Distribution o fproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
