The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling:
(b) on or after the date falling one hundred fifty (150) days before the Final Redemption Date, at a price equal to one hundred (100.00) per cent. o f the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, provided that such early redemption is financed in full by way o f the Issuer issuing a corporate bond having a final maturity falling no earlier than two (2) years after the issue date o f such bond.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry o f such notice and the fulfilment o f the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer o f the relevant event pursuant to Clause 11.11.1 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, the De-listing Event or Listing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.11.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer,
15
10.4.3 10.4.4 10.4.5
11. 11.1
