12.8 12.9 12.10 13. 13.1
If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 12.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day o f notification or determination, the Holders o f the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days o f the day o f notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right o f termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 14 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour o f termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event o f Default.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding term ination in accordance with Clause 14 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 12, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 12 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 14 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 12, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. o f the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 12 (Termination of the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order o f priority, in accordance with the instructions o f the Agent:
(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the termination of the Bonds or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and
