"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Receivable" means, in respect of any relevant Test Period, the amount of interest accrued due to any member of the Group during such Test Period.
"Issuer" means Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556981-7660.
"Issuing Agent" means Nordea Bank AB (publ), Reg. No. 516406-0120, SE-105 71 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"Listing Failure" means a situation where (i) the Initial Notes have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within four (4) months after the First Issue Date, (ii) any Subsequent Notes have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within thirty (30) calendar days after the relevant subsequent issue date, provided however not being a date falling prior to the date of listing as set out in (i), or (iii) at any time after such listing, the Notes cease to be listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market).
"Loan to Value" means, at any time, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of:
(a) the outstanding Financial Indebtedness (excluding guarantees and similar arrangements as well as any intra group loans and any Capital Securities) less Cash and cash equivalent investments; to
(b) the aggregate market value of the Properties as set out in the latest quarterly interim report or annual report (as applicable), or, when a Property has been newly acquired, the relevant external market valuations prepared in accordance with Clause 11.11, or, until a valuation is made in accordance with Clause 11.11, the purchase price for such Property.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness, listed or which can be listed on a regulated market, where an entity issues convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds, notes or other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes).
