9.4.3 9.5 9.5.1
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes on any Business Day falling within three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, provided that the Notes are, in whole or in part, refinanced by the Issuer taking up a new Market Loan.
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders and the Agent of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3.1 or 9.3.2 no later than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Redemption Date, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3.1 or 9.3.2 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the specified Redemption Date.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders and the Agent of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date.
A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or a Listing Failure.
