(d) The Equity Claw Back may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 10, but not more than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the proposed Equity Claw Back Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Equity Claw Back Repayment Date and the aggregate amount and percentage of the Nominal Amount of each Bond that will be repaid in the Equity Claw Back.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the twentieth (20th) Business Day after the end of the sixty (60) calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If the Issuer has been required to repurchase Bonds representing more than ninety (90) per cent of the Outstanding Bonds pursuant to this Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above at the Put Option Repayment Date by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than fifteen (15) calendar days before the Put Option Repayment Date.
10.5 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any tax from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest
26 (51)
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.6 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have not been fulfilled within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall immediately redeem the Bonds at a price of 100.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount, by, inter alia, applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
