"Make Whole Price" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Record Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders);
both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Mitt Alby" means Mitt Alby AB (reg. no. 556931-8271, Domarebacken 38, SE-145 57 Norsborg, Sweden), being the direct Subsidiary of the Issuer as of the Issue Date.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
7
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to cash or Cash Equivalent Investments and any amounts paid under Interest Rate Protection Agreements (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans or other subordinated loans subject to the Intercreditor Agreement).
