Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of fifteen (15) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (h). The fifteen (15) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (h) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (h). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be disposed of in accordance with Clause 11.2 (The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds).
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay principal or pay interest under any shareholder loans, (v) grant any loans except to Group Companies or (vi) make any other similar distributions or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or its Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i) ­ (vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted
