DESCRIPTION OF THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES
Perstorp Holding AB (publ) (the "Company") will issue $380 million aggregate principal amount of 8 %% Senior Secured Notes due 2017 (the "Dollar Senior Secured Notes'") and 270 million aggregate principal amount of 9% Senior Secured Notes due 2017 (the "Euro Senior Secured Notes" and together with the Dollar Senior Secured Notes, the "Notes") under a senior secured notes indenture dated November 15, 2012 (the "Indenture") between, among others, the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as the trustee (the "Trustee"), in a private transaction that is not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act").
Certain defined terms used in this description but not defined below under "-- Certain Definitions" have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture which is incorporated by reference in this offering memorandum. You can find the definitions of certain terms used in this description under the subheading "-- Certain Definitions." In this description, references to (i) the "Company" refers only to Perstorp Holding AB and not to any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) "we," "our," "us" refer to the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries.
Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this "Description of the Senior Secured Notes" to the "Notes" include the Notes and any Additional Notes (as defined below) that are issued. The terms of the Notes include those set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture will not incorporate or include any of the provisions of the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The Security Documents referred to below under the caption "-- Security" define the terms of the security that will secure the Notes.
The following description is a summary of the material provisions of the Indenture and the Notes and refers to the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and certain other agreements relating to the Notes. This description does not restate those agreements in their entirety. We urge you to read the Indenture, the Notes, the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement because they, and not this description, define your rights as holders of the Notes. Copies of the Indenture, the form of Note, the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement are available as set forth below under "--Additional Information."
The registered holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. Only registered holders will have rights under the Indenture.
As of the Issue Date, all of the Company's Subsidiaries other than Perstorp Holding Singapore Pte Ltd and its subsidiaries, Perstorp Singapore Pte Ltd and PLS Holding Pte Ltd, (the "Singapore Entities") will be "Restricted Subsidiaries" for purposes of the Indenture. Under the circumstances described below under the caption "-- Certain Covenants--Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries," the Company will be permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries as "UnrestrictedSubsidiaries." The restrictive covenants in the Indenture do not apply to Unrestricted Subsidiaries. The Singapore Entities and any other Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not guarantee the Notes.
Principal, Maturity and Interest
The Company will issue $380 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes and 270 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes in this offering. Each of the Dollar Senior Secured Notes and the Euro Senior Secured Notes constitute a separate series of Notes but will be treated as a single class of securities for purposes of the Indenture, including for purposes of voting and other actions by holders of the Notes, except as otherwise specified in the Indenture. The Company may issue an unlimited principal amount of additional notes ("Additional Notes") under the Indenture from time to time after this offering. Any issuance of Additional Notes is subject to all of the covenants in the Indenture, including the covenant described below under the caption "-- Certain Covenants--Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock." The initial Notes and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under the Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture. The Company will issue Dollar Senior Secured Notes in minimum denominations of $200,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Company will issue Euro Senior Secured Notes in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will mature on May 15, 2017.
