of the Company; (d) the entering into an agreement that will result in a Change of Control; or (e) any
such events,
provided, however, that the reports set forth in clauses (1), (2) and (3) above will not be required to (i) contain any reconciliation to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or (ii) include separate financial statements for any Guarantors or non-guarantor Subsidiaries of the Company.
If the Company has designated any of its Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries and such Subsidiaries are Significant Subsidiaries, then the quarterly and annual financial information required by the preceding paragraph will include a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Company.
All financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS. Except as provided for above, no report need include separate financial statements for the Company or Subsidiaries of the Company or any disclosure with respect to the results of operations or any other financial or statistical disclosure not of a type included in this offering memorandum.
The Company will, either (i) within ten Business Days after the delivery of each report discussed in clauses (1) and (2) of the first paragraph of this covenant, conduct a conference call to discuss such report and answer questions about such report, which conference call will be open to all Noteholders or (ii) provide holders of the Notes with access to and the opportunity to participate in any public conference call, investor presentation, webcast or other event, the primary purpose of which is to discuss results of operations or any material event referenced in clause (3) of the first paragraph of this covenant with investors in the Capital Stock of the Company. Details of such conference calls will either (x) be delivered with each report or (y) posted on an electronic website that is used by the Company to communicate to the equity holders generally for which the Noteholders have been, prior to the posting of such notice, informed of the website address and relevant password specifications, which notice shall constitute reasonable notice of such public calls for the purpose of this paragraph.
In addition, for so long as any Notes remain outstanding and during any period during which the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Exchange Act nor exempt therefrom pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b), the Company has agreed that it will furnish to the holders of the Notes and to securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the U.S. Securities Act.
The Company will also make available copies of all reports required by clauses (1) through (3) of the first paragraph of the covenant (i) on the Company's website and (ii) if and so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in London.
Events of Default and Remedies
