The Company or the relevant Guarantor will make or cause to be made all withholdings and deductions required by law and will timely remit or cause to be remitted the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Tax authority in accordance with applicable law. The Company or the relevant Guarantor will use its reasonable efforts to obtain Tax receipts from each Tax authority evidencing the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld. The Company or the relevant Guarantor will furnish to the Trustee, within a reasonable time after the date the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld is made, certified copies of Tax receipts evidencing payment by the Company or a Guarantor, as the case may be, or if, notwithstanding such entity's efforts to obtain receipts, receipts are not obtained, other evidence of payments (satisfactory to the Trustee) by such entity. If requested by the Trustee, the Company or the Guarantors will provide to the Trustee such information as may be in the possession of the Company or the Guarantors (and not otherwise in the possession of the Trustee) to enable the Trustee to determine the amount of withholding taxes attributable to any particular holder, provided, however, that in no event shall the Company or the Guarantors be required to disclose any information that it reasonably deems to be confidential.
The above obligations will survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of the Indenture, any transfer by a holder or beneficial owner of its Notes, and will apply, mutatis mutandis, to any jurisdiction in which any successor Person to the Company or any Guarantor is incorporated, engaged in business for tax purposes or resident for tax purposes or any jurisdiction from or through which such Person makes any payment on the Notes (or any Guarantee) and any department or political subdivision thereof or therein.
157
The Guarantees
The Notes will be guaranteed by the companies listed under "--Brief Description of the Notes and the Guarantees-- Guarantees" as of the Issue Date. The Guarantees will be joint and several obligations of the Guarantors.
Each of the Guarantees and the amounts recoverable thereunder will be limited to the maximum amount that can be guaranteed by a particular Guarantor without rendering its guarantee voidable or otherwise ineffective under applicable law, including laws relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, or otherwise to reflect applicable laws, including laws relating to capital maintenance and the liability of directors and officers. By virtue of these limitations, a Guarantor's obligations under its Guarantee or any security interest, as applicable, could be significantly less than amounts payable in respect of the Notes. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Structure--Each Guarantee will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable laws or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability." and "Certain Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees, the Collateral and Certain Insolvency Law Considerations."
The operations of the Company are conducted through its Subsidiaries and, therefore the Company depends on the cash flow of its Subsidiaries to meet its obligations, including its obligations under the Notes. Not all of the Company's Subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes. The Notes will be effectively subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness and other liabilities and commitments (including trade payables and lease obligations) of the Company's non-guarantor Subsidiaries. Any right of the Company or any Guarantor to receive assets of any of its non-guarantor Subsidiaries upon that non-guarantor Subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization (and the consequent right of the holders of the Notes to participate in those assets) will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that non-guarantor Subsidiary's creditors, except to the extent that the Company or such Guarantor is itself recognized as a creditor of the non-guarantor Subsidiary, in which case the claims of the Company or such Guarantor, as the case may be, would still be subordinated in right of payment to any security in the assets of the non-guarantor Subsidiary and any Indebtedness of the non-guarantor Subsidiary senior to that held by the Company or such Guarantor. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Structure--The Senior Secured Notes and the Second Lien Notes will each be structurally subordinated to the liabilities of non-Guarantor subsidiaries."
Release of the Guarantees
The Guarantees will be released:
