Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Anyone who receives this offering memorandum may, following the Issue Date, obtain a copy of the Indenture, the form of Note, the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement, the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement without charge by writing to the Company, Perstorp Holding AB (publ.) at 284 80 Perstorp, Sweden, attention: treasury.
So long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall so require, copies of the financial statements included in this offering memorandum may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the offices of the Principal Paying Agent in London.
Governing Law
The Indenture and the Notes and the rights and duties of the parties thereunder will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to applicable principles of conflicts of law to the extent that the application of the laws of another jurisdiction would be required thereby. The Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement is and the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process
The Indenture will provide that the Company and each Guarantor (other than any Guarantor incorporated in the United States) will appoint an agent for service of process in any suit, action or proceeding with respect to the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees brought in any U.S. federal or New York state court located in the City of New York and will submit to such jurisdiction.
Enforceability of Judgments
Substantially all of the assets of the Company and the non-U.S. Guarantors are outside the United States. As a result, any judgment obtained in the United States against the Company or any such Guarantor may not be collectable within the United States. See "Service of Process and Enforcement of Civil Liabilities."
