The Liens securing the Notes and the Guarantees will also secure the obligations of the Company and the Guarantors under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and certain hedging obligations on a pari passu basis and the obligations of the Company and the Guarantors under the Second Lien Notes Indenture and the Mezzanine Facility Agreement on a junior priority basis. Pursuant to the terms of the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement, the obligations of the Company and the Guarantors under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and certain hedging obligations will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of enforcement of the Security Documents prior to the Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the Notes. The assets and property of the Company and its subsidiaries that are from time to time subject to, or required to be subject to, a Lien pursuant to the Security Documents are referred to as the "Collateral." The security and other agreements in respect of the Collateral are referred to as the "Security Documents."
Under the Security Documents, the Collateral will be pledged by the Company and the Guarantors to secure the payment when due of the Company's and the Guarantors', as applicable, payment obligations under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Indenture. The Security Documents will be entered into by, inter alios, the Security Agent or its nominee(s), who will act as Security Agent for the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the trustee for the Second Lien Notes, holders of the Second Lien Notes, lenders under the Mezzanine Facility Agreement and for the Trustee and the holders of Notes.
Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, shall be deemed (i) to have authorized the Trustee to enter into the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Agent to enter into the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) to be bound thereby. Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, appoints the Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, as its agent under the Security Documents, the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement and the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and authorizes it to act as such.
The holders of the Notes are not a party to the Security Documents, and therefore holders may not, individually or collectively, take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents. The holders may only act through the Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable. The Security Agent will agree to any release of the security interest created by the Security Documents that is in accordance with the Indenture and the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement without requiring any consent of the holders. The Trustee will have the ability to direct the Security Agent to commence enforcement action under the Security Documents in certain circumstances. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Parallel Intercreditor Agreement."
Subject to the terms of the Security Documents, the Company and the Guarantors, as the case may be, will be entitled to exercise any and all voting rights and to receive and retain any and all cash dividends, stock dividends, liquidating dividends, non-cash dividends, shares of stock resulting from stock splits or reclassifications, rights issue, warrants, options and other distributions (whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing) in respect of the shares that are part of the Collateral.
The value of the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees may not be sufficient to satisfy the Company's and the Guarantors' obligations under the Notes and the Guarantees, and the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees may be reduced or diluted under certain circumstances, including the issuance of Additional Notes and the disposition of assets comprising the Collateral, subject to the terms of the Indenture. See "Risk Factors--Risks Relating to the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Second Lien Notes--The Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value of the Collateral that has been granted as security for the Notes and the Guarantees, and such security may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Notes and the Guarantees," "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Senior Secured Notes-- Creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging liabilities are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale in priority to the Senior Secured Notes and the claims of the holders of the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the rights of our existing and future secured creditors to the extent of the value of the assets securing such creditors which do not also secure the Notes" and "Risk Factors--Risks Relating to the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Second Lien Notes--There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge of the Notes under which the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent of the relevant Trustee."
No appraisals of the Collateral have been prepared by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantors in connection with this offering of the Notes. There can be no assurance that the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral, in whole or in part, pursuant to the Indenture and the Security Documents following an Event of Default, would be sufficient to satisfy amounts due on the Notes or the Guarantees. By its nature, some or all the Collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Collateral would be sold in a timely manner or at all. See "Risk Factors--Risks Relating to the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Second Lien Notes--It may be difficult to realize the value of the Collateral securing the Notes" and "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Senior Secured Notes-- Creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging liabilities are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale in priority to the Senior Secured Notes and the claims of the holders of the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the rights of our existing and future secured creditors to the extent of the value of the assets securing such creditors which do not also secure the Notes."
The Security Documents are governed by English law or the laws o f the other jurisdictions to which the Collateral is subject and provide that the rights with respect to the Notes and the Indenture must be exercised by the Security Agent and in respect of the entire outstanding amount of the Notes. The term "Security Interests" refers to the Liens in the Collateral.
160
