The provisions described above that require the Company to make a Change of Control Offer following a Change of Control will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of the Indenture are applicable. Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Indenture will not contain provisions that permit the holders of the Notes to require that the Company repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction. The existence of a holder of Notes' right to require the Company to repurchase such holder's Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control may deter a third party from seeking to acquire the Company or its Subsidiaries in a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control.
The Company will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if (1) a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of Control Offer, or (2) a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to the Indenture as described above under the caption "--Optional Redemption," unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement will provide and the Mezzanine Facility Agreement provides that the occurrence of a Change of Control would in each case require the repayment of all the outstanding Indebtedness thereunder. If the Company experiences a change of control that triggers a mandatory prepayment under its Revolving Credit Facility Agreement or Mezzanine Facility Agreement, the Company may seek the agreement of the relevant lenders thereunder to maintain the availability of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Mezzanine Facility Agreement or seek to refinance the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Mezzanine Facility Agreement. In addition the occurrence of events constituting a Change of Control would trigger the requirement that the Company offer to purchase the Second Lien Notes. Future debt of the Company or its Subsidiaries may prohibit the Company from purchasing the Notes in the event of a Change of Control or provide that a Change of Control is a default or require a repurchase upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the holders of the Notes of their right to require the Company to purchase the Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, other debt, even if a Change of Control does not, due to the financial effect of the purchase on the Company.
Finally, the Company's ability to repurchase Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer following the occurrence of a Change of Control may be limited by the Company's then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make the required purchase of the Notes. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Structure--We may not be able to obtain the funds required to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes and the Second Lien Notes upon a change of control."
The definition of Change of Control includes a phrase relating to the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of "all or substantially all" of the properties or assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase "substantially all," there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, the ability of a holder of the Notes to require the Company to repurchase its Notes as a result of a sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of less than all of the assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to another Person or group may be uncertain. In addition, you should note that case law suggests that, in the event that incumbent directors are replaced as a result of a contested election, issuers may nevertheless avoid triggering a change of control under a clause similar to clause (4) of the definition of "Change of Control" if the outgoing directors were to approve the new directors for the purpose of such change of control clause.
The provisions under the Indenture relating to the Company's obligation to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as a result of a Change of Control may be waived or modified with the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control.
If and for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Company will publish a public announcement with respect to the results of any Change of Control Offer in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Asset Sales
The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, consummate an Asset Sale unless:
