153
· will be subject to certain restrictions on enforcement of Collateral, including a 45-day consultation period with lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and an automatic release of the Guarantee of any Guarantor to the extent such Subsidiary is sold by the Security Agent pursuant to an enforcement action. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Parallel Intercreditor Agreement"; and
· will be senior in right of payment to all existing and future Indebtedness of such Guarantor that is subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantee, including Indebtedness under the Mezzanine Facility.
Assuming we had completed the Refinancing and applied the proceeds therefrom as described under "Use of Proceeds," as of June 30, 2012, the Company and the Guarantors would have had total debt excluding shareholder debt of $1,453 million, including, without limitation, $722 million (equivalent) of debt outstanding under the Notes, $370 million of debt outstanding under the Second Lien Notes and $328 million of debt outstanding under the Mezzanine Facility Agreement. In addition, we will have SEK 550 million available for drawing under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Indenture will permit the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to incur additional Indebtedness in the future. For the twelve months ended June 30, 2012, the Company and the Guarantors generated approximately 82% of our net sales and approximately 89% of our EBITDA, and as at June 30, 2012 the Company and the Guarantors held approximately 87% of our consolidated total assets, in each case excluding the net sales, EBITDA and assets of Unrestricted Subsidiaries.
The Company is a holding company without operations, and, therefore, the Company depends on the cash flow of its Subsidiaries to meet its obligations, including its obligation under the Notes. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to all Indebtedness and other liabilities and commitments (including trade payables and lease obligations) of the Company's Subsidiaries that do not provide Guarantees.
Parallel Intercreditor Agreement
On the Issue Date, the Trustee will enter into the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement as a "Senior Secured Notes Trustee" (as defined in the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement) for holders of the Notes. The Security Agent, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the trustee for the Second Lien Notes will also enter into the Parallel Intercreditor Agreement. The Parallel Intercreditor Agreement governs, among other things, the rights and obligations of the "Senior Finance Parties" (as defined in the Mezzanine Intercreditor Agreement and including lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, creditors in respect of the Second Lien Notes, holders of the Notes and certain hedging counterparties), in respect of enforcement of the Guarantees and the Collateral. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Parallel Intercreditor Agreement."
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes
The Company will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a "Paying A gent") for the Notes, including a Paying Agent in the City of London (the "Principal Paying A gent"). The Company will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 on the taxation of savings income, or any law implementing, or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such directive. The initial Paying Agent will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A.
