Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes
The Company will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a "Registrar") for so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require. The Company will also maintain a transfer agent (a "Transfer A g en t"). The initial Registrar will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. The initial Transfer Agent will be The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. The Registrar and the Transfer Agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined under "Book-Entry, Delivery and Form") outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfer of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Company.
The Company may change the Paying Agents, the Registrars or the Transfer Agents without prior notice to the holders of Notes. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Company will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in
154
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Transfer and Exchange
Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "144A Global Notes'"), and Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Reg S Global Notes" and together with the 144A Global Notes, the "Global Notes").
Ownership of interests in the Global Notes (the "Book-Entry Interests") will be limited to Persons that have accounts with DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream or Persons that may hold interests through such participants. Ownership of interests in the Book-Entry Interests and transfers thereof will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and certification requirements summarized below and described more fully under "Notice to Investors." In addition, transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream and their respective participants.
Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Note, or the "Restricted Book-Entry Interest" may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Note, as applicable, or the "Reg S BookEntry Interests" only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
