the Issuer and where "control" means (a) controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Conditions Precedent to the First Issue Date" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13 (Conditions Precedent to the First Issue Date).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074).
"De-listing Event" means the situation where (i) the Issuer's ordinary shares are no longer listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market;(ii) trading of the Issuer's listed ordinary shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days, or (iii) once the Bonds are admitted to trading on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) that the Bonds are no longer listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations (as amended from time to time) of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market, as applicable, and the CSD preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
"Derivative Transaction" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (h) of the definition "Permitted Debt".
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles and set out in the latest Financial Report, however, adjusted in accordance with the principles applied as of the First Issue Date for adjusted EBITDA (Sw. justerad EBITDA) as defined in the Issuer's interim Financial Report as of the First Issue Date.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 14.1.
"Final Redemption Date" means 5 December 2022.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Agent Agreement and any other document designated to be a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Agent.
