(ii) the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;
(h) Impossibility or illegality: It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions or if the obligations under these Terms and Conditions are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or
(i) Continuation of the business: The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in 14.1 (f) above or (ii) a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 12.5 (Disposals o f assets), both (i) and (ii) provided such has a Material Adverse Effect.
24
D-2852264-v7
14.2 The Agent may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause 14.1(d) (Insolvency).
14.3 If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
14.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 14.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 14.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 14.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be o f significance for the application o f this Clause 14.
14.5 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 14.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the relevant Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from the relevant Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 14.4.
