14.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 14.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 14.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 14.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be o f significance for the application o f this Clause 14.
14.6 If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event of Default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 14.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Bondholders of the Event of Default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day o f notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Bondholders that there exists a right o f termination and obtain instructions from the Bondholders according to the provisions in Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders). If the Bondholders vote in favour o f termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Bondholders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default (or an event that may lead to an Event of Default).
14.7 If the Bondholders have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders) or instructed the Agent in accordance with Clause 14.1, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing
25
D-2852264-v7
14.8 14.9 14.10 15 15.1
15.2 15.3
Bondholders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 14, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
