16.15
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner o f such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy o f such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate o f a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites o f the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request o f a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Bondholders' Meeting has been requested by the Bondholder(s), the Agent shall send a copy o fthe notice to the Issuer.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 20.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt o f such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) a specification o f the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the notice pursuant to Clause 17.1), (iv) an agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (v) a form o f power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
