Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 20.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt o f such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1.
29
D-2852264-v7
17.4 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
17.5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Bondholders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Bondholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Bondholder provide the Bondholder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Bondholders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.
17.6 At a Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bondholders (or the Bondholders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Bondholders' Meeting instead of the Bondholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Bondholder.
17.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
18
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
