The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution, validity, perfection or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent. The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours. The Agent may charge the requesting Bondholder a reasonable administrative fee for making Finance Documents available.
Upon request by a Bondholder, the Agent may distribute to the Bondholders any information from such Bondholder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Bondholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent may upon request by a Bondholder disclose the identity of any other Bondholder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In
32
D-2852264-v7
