22
22.1 The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.
22.2 The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds listed the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden).
23
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
23.1 A Bondholder may not take any action or any legal steps whatsoever against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.
23.2 Clause 23.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 20.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or by any reason described in Clause 20.2.10, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 20.2.12 before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 23.1.
23.3 The provisions of Clause 23.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event, Listing Failure Event or a De-listing Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
24
