The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
(b) If at any time a Rating Event takes place, the Margin will increase with 200 basis points to 6,75% with effect from the first day of the next Period and the Period(s) thereafter, until the Rating Grade again is obtained, in which case the Margin will decrease to original level (of 4.75%) with effect from the first day of the next Period (the Borrower may in its discretion decide the rating agency/-ies it at any time will employ in this respect).
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number o f calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest
13
V
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/1Oth of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days o f the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
