(v) the Transaction Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Transaction Security (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents);
(vii) legal opinions or other statements as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Obligors and the legality, validity and enforceability of the Finance Documents (unless delivered under this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent fo r disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (a) as pre-settlement conditions precedent).
(c) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may, regarding this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent fo r disbursement to the Issuer), waive the requirements for documentation, or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.
6.2 Distribution Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent fo r disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph (c) of Clause 6.1 above.
6.3 Settlement in cash or in kind (a) The Bonds shall be settled either in (i) cash, or (ii) in kind by delivery of Roll-Over Bonds (upon receipt of subscriptions from BUIN01 Bondholders in accordance with BUIN01 Bondholders' Roll-Over). The settlement process shall be further specified in a separate application form.
(b) Applicants delivering Roll-Over Bonds will receive the accrued interest on the Roll Over Bonds up until the Issue Date (if any) and a 2.25 per cent, (call) premium, each payable in cash at the Issue Date (subject to reimbursement of such premium in the event of a Mandatory Redemption).
(c) The bonds to be settled in cash will be issued with a separate ISIN, which will be the surviving ISIN for the Bonds. Bonds to be settled in kind will be issued with a temporary ISIN ("Temporary Bonds"). The Temporary Bonds will be merged with the Bonds in connection with disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account. The CSD and the Trustee shall be authorised to carry out the aforesaid in the best practical way.
6.4 Tap Issues The Issuer may issue Additional Bonds if:
(a) a Tap Issue Addendum has been executed by all parties thereto, and any condition precedent document specified in the Tap Issue Addendum are duly executed;
