10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 {Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
In the event that the funds deposited on the Escrow Account have not in all material respects been released from the Escrow Account and applied as set out in the Clause 2.3 within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than 5 Business Days thereafter (with the Longstop Date being the record date), redeem the Bonds and the Temporary Bonds at a price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest, by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
The Issuer shall have the right to repay Temporary Bonds with Roll-Over Bonds (as payment in kind to the holders of the Temporary Bonds (valued at par value). Any accrued and unpaid interest on the Temporary Bonds, call premium or other amounts payable under such Mandatory Redemption, shall be payable in cash, provided however, that the Issuer is entitled to withhold (by set-off) any Roll-Over Bonds to cover reimbursement of the 2.25 per cent, premium originally paid to the BUIN01 Bondholders on the Issue Date.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
12.1 Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
