FINAL TERMS

17 February 2017
Storebrand Boligkreditt AS
Issue of NOK 2,000,000,000 Floating Rate Note Storebrand Boligkreditt AS Covered Bond 2017/2022 (Extendable to June 2023) Series NO0010786726-201713
under the 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 July 2016 and the supplement to it dated 16 December 2016 which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.

1.

(a) Series Number:

201713

(b) Tranche Number:

1

(c) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series:

2.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

Norske kroner ("NOK")

3. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a) Series:

NOK 2,000,000,000

(b) Tranche:

NOK 2,000,000,000

4. Issue Price:

99.935 per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

5.

(a) Specified Denominations:

NOK 1,000,000

(b) Calculation Amount (in relation to NOK 1,000,000 calculation of interest for Notes in global form see Conditions):

6.

(a) Issue Date:

(b) Interest Commencement Date:

21 February 2017 Issue Date

7. Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to June 2022

8. Extended Final Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to June 2023; in each case falling one year after the Maturity Date

9. Interest Basis:

In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date: 3 month NIBOR + 0.57 per cent. Floating Rate

(see paragraph 15 below)

In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date: 3 month NIBOR + 0.57 per cent. Floating Rate

(see paragraph 15 below)

10. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount

11. Change of Interest Basis:

Not Applicable

12. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

13. Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 1 June 2016 obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(i) Period to (and including) the Maturity Not Applicable Date:

(ii) Period from (but excluding) the Maturity Not Applicable Date to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date:

15. Floating Rate Note Provisions

(i) Period to (and including) the Maturity Date: Applicable

(a) Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment Dates:

15 March, 15 June, 15 September and 15 December, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below

(b) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(c) Additional Business Centre(s):

Oslo

(d) Manner in which the Rate of Screen Rate Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for calculating Not applicable the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

·

Reference Rate:

Reference Rate: 3 month NIBOR

·

Interest Determination Second Business day prior to the start o f each

Date(s):

Interest Period

·

Relevant Screen Page:

www.oslobors.no

(g) ISDA Determination:

Not Applicable

(h) Linear Interpolation:

Applicable - the Rate of interest for the short first Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation between NIBOR 1 month and NIBOR 1 week

(i) Margin(s):

+ 0.57 per cent. per annum

(j) Minimum Rate of Interest:

0.00 per cent. per annum

(k) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(l) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

(ii) Period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date Applicable to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date:

(a) Specified

Period(s)/Specified 15 March, 15 June, 15 September and 15

Interest Payment Dates:

December, subject to adjustment in accordance

with the Business Day Convention set out in (b)

below.

(b) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(c) Additional Business Centre(s):

Oslo

(d) Manner in which the Rate of Screen Rate Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for calculating Not Applicable the Rate o f Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

·

Reference Rate:

·

Interest Determination

Date(s):

·

Relevant Screen Page:

(g) ISDA Determination:

(h) Margin(s):

(i) Minimum Rate of Interest:

(j) Maximum Rate of Interest:

(k) Day Count Fraction:

16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

17. Issuer Call:

18. Investor Put:

19. Final Redemption Amount:

Reference Rate: 3 month NIBOR Second Business day prior to the start of each Interest Period www.oslobors.no Not Applicable + 0.57 per cent. per annum 0.00 per cent. per annum Not Applicable Actual/360 Not Applicable
Not Applicable Not Applicable NOK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

20. Form of Notes:

(a) Form:

VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form

(b) New Global Note:

No

21. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Oslo

22. Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C rules applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable or TEFRA D (Swiss practice):
Signed on behalf of Storebrand Boligkreditt AS:

TEFRA D

By: ............ Duly authorised

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i) Listing and Admission to trading:

Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Oslo Stock Exchange with effect from 22 February 2017.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading:
2. RATINGS
Ratings:

NOK 37,120
The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally: Aaa by Moody's

3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4. YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)

Indication of yield:

Not Applicable

5. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISIN Code:

NO0010786726

(ii) Common Code:

157030345

(iii) Any clearing system(s) other

than Euroclear Bank

S.A./N.V. and Clearstream

Banking, S.A. and the

relevant

identification

number(s):

Verdipapirsentralen, Norway VPS Identification number 985 140 421 The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the register maintained by the VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS Notes

(iv) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

(v) Names andaddresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if any):

Danske Bank A/S, Søndre Gate 13-15, N-7466 Trondheim, Norway

(vi) Intended to be held in a

manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

6. DISTRIBUTION

(i) Method of distribution:

Non-syndicated

(ii) If syndicated, names of Not Applicable Managers:

(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: (iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): (v) If non-syndicated, name of
relevant Dealer:
(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions:

Not Applicable Not Applicable DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D

