FINAL TERMS

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID i i ); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, the Prospectus Directive). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET M ARKET - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

16 April 2018

Eika Boligkreditt AS

Issue of NOK 5,000,000,000 Floating Rate Covered Notes due 2023 under the 20,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme

PART A -- CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions o f the VPS Notes set forth in the Offering Circular dated 13 October 2017 which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes o f the Prospectus Directive (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular. The Offering Circular has been published on the website o f the Irish Stock Exchange at www.ise.ie.

1.

Issuer:

Eika Boligkreditt AS

2.

(a) Series Number:

55

(b) Tranche Number:

1

(c) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series:

1

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

Norwegian Kroner (NOK)

4.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a) Series:

NOK 5,000,000,000

(b) Tranche:

NOK 5,000,000,000

5.

Issue Price:

100.00 per cent. o f the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6.

(a) Specified Denominations:

NOK 1,000,000

(b) Calculation Amount:

NOK 1,000,000

7.

(a) Issue Date:

18 April 2018

(b) Interest Commencement Date:

Issue Date

8.

Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 18 August 2023

9.

(a) Extended Final Maturity:

Applicable

(b) Extended Final Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 18 August 2024

10. Interest Basis:

In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date: 3 month NIBOR + 0.34 per cent. Floating Rate (see paragraph 16 below)

In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable): 3 month NIBOR + 0.34 per cent. Floating Rate (see paragraph 17 below)

11. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. o f their nominal amount

12. Change of Interest Basis:

Not Applicable

13. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

14. Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 7 September 2017 obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions:

Not Applicable

2

16. Floating Rate Note Provisions:

Applicable

(a) Specified

Period(s)/Specified 18 February, 18 May, 18 August and 18 November in

Interest Payment Dates:

each year, from and including 18 May 2018, up to, and

including, the Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in

accordance with the Business Day Convention set out

in (b) below

(b) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(c) Additional Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable

(d) Manner in which the Rate of Screen Rate Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for calculating Not Applicable the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

·

Reference Rate:

3 month NIBOR

·

Interest Determination Second Oslo Business Day prior to the start of each

Date(s):

Interest Period

Reuters Screen OIBOR page

·

Relevant Screen Page:

(g) ISDA Determination:

Not Applicable

(h) Linear Interpolation:

Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the short first Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation

(i) Margin(s):

+ 0.34 per cent. per annum

(j)

Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(k) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(l) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

17. Extended Maturity Interest Provisions:

Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable)

(a) Fixed Rate:

Not Applicable

(b) Floating Rate:

Applicable

(i) Specified Period(s)/Specified

18 November 2023, 18 February 2024, 18 May 2024 and 18 August 2024, subject to adjustment in

3

Interest Payment Dates:

accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below

(ii) Business Day Convention: Modified Following Business Day Convention

(iii) Additional Centre(s):

Business Not Applicable

(iv) Manner in which the Rate Screen Rate Determination of Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(v) Party responsible for Not Applicable calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(vi) Screen

Rate

Determination:

·

Reference Rate: 3 month NIBOR

·

Interest

Determination

Date(s):

(vii) Relevant Screen Page:

Second Oslo Business Day prior to the start of each Interest Period
Reuters Screen OIBOR page

(viii) ISDA Determination:

Not Applicable

(ix) Margin(s):

+ 0.34 per cent. per annum

(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: Not Applicable

(xi) Maximum Rate of Not Applicable Interest:

(xii) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions:

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

19. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

20. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

21. Final Redemption Amount:

NOK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

22. Form o f Notes:

VPS Notes

4

23. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Signed on behalf of Eika Boligkreditt AS:

OM-Au,

B y :..... ..............

Duly authorised

Od d - A Zvt

Not Applicable
d/

PART B -- OTHER INFORMATION

1.

LISTING

(i) Listing and Admission to trading: Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the Oslo Stock Exchange and to trading on the Regulated Market of the Oslo Stock Exchange with effect from the Issue Date.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related NOK 32,365.00 to admission to trading:

2.

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated Aaa by Moody's Investors Service Limited (Moody's).

Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).

3.

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4.

YIELD

Indication of yield:

Not Applicable

5.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISIN Code:

NO0010821192

(ii) Common Code:

180893156

(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than Verdipapirsentralen, Norway VPS Identification

Euroclear Clearstream,

number 985 140 421

Luxembourg or Swiss Securities

Services Corporation and the

relevant identification number(s):

(iv) Names and addresses of additional Not Applicable Paying Agent(s) (if any):

(v) Intended to be held in a manner Yes. Note that the designation "yes" does not

which would allow Eurosystem necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as

eligibility:

eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and

intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either

6

upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

6.

DISTRIBUTION

(i) U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRA not applicable

(ii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Applicable Investors:

(iii) Stablisation Manager(s) (if any):

Not Applicable

7

