NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. trustee, no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NOOOl 037324.4 FRN Oceanteam Power & Umbilical ASA Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2007/2010
Oslo, 20 May 2009
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - DELAY OF INTEREST PAYMENTS
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" or the "Trustee") acts as Loan Trustee for the loan mentioned above (the "Loan") where Oceanteam ASA is the borrower (the "Borrower" or the "Company").
All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the agreement for the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") and the Notice from Bondholders meeting of 2 April 2009
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Background
Reference is made to the summons to Bondholders' meeting o f 25 March 2009 and the notice from Bondholders' meeting o f 2 April 2009 (the "April Meeting") where it was proposed that the interest payment due 18 March 2009 (the "March Interest Amount") should be postponed to 29 May 2009.

Proposal The Borrower seeks the Bondholders' consent to:

(1) March Interest Amount:

Postpone the payment of the March Interest Amount until 30 June 2009.

The March Interest Amount shall bear overdue interest equal to the original coupon plus 5 % p.a. until payment is made.

(2) Interest Payment due on 18 June 2009:

Postpone the payment of interest payment due on 18 June 2009 (the "June Interest Amount") until 30 June 2009.

The June Interest Amount shall bear overdue interest equal to the original coupon plus 5 %

p.a. until payment is made.
M A ILIN G A DDRESS © P .O .B O X 1470 VIKA, N 'O I l d OSLO

LOCATION © HAAKON V II GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

@ NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(3) Interest rate:
The original coupon shall be increased by 5 % p.a. (meaning 3 Months Nibor + 8.75 % p.a.) from and including 18 March 2009 until payments according to item 1 and 2 above is made.

For more detailed information, please contact:

Ole Gunnar Johnsrud email: ogj@first.no

First Securities AS phone +47 2311 6276

as advisor to the Issuer.

To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed change o f the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

29 May 2009 at 11:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Acceptance o f proposal to delay payments o f interest.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
The Bondholders' meeting approves the Proposal as described in Clause 1 -3 in the summons to this Bondholders' meeting.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

-2 -

® NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page o f this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banicing Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
A rv
Liv Mona Arntzen
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

