NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet p å engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0612559 -FRN Domstein ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016
Oslo, 21 November 2012
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Adjustment of Maturity Date
1. Introduction Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") is appointed as loan trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") issued by Domstein ASA ("Domstein" or the "Issuer" or the "Company"). All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement governing the Bonds (the "Loan Agreement"), unless otherwise stated in this summons. The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information. 2. Background The Company has received NOK 4.900.000 (the "Amount") from Domstein Eiendom AS classified and handled as Extraordinary Domstein Eiendom Dividend in accordance with Clause 13.5 litra d) ii) of the Loan Agreement. Clause 13.5 litra d) ii) of the Loan Agreement establish that "all and any proceeds received by the Issuer as Extraordinary Domstein Eiendom Dividend is transferred directly to the Escrow Account." The Amount has been transferred to and is currently standing to credit on the Escrow Account. With this Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting, the Company put forward to the Bondholders a proposal to release the Amount to the Company (the "Release") for the free disposal of the Company.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
As compensation for the Release, the Company will pay to the Bondholders an amount corresponding to 0.75 % of the face value of the Outstanding Bonds of the Loan (the "Payment"). The Payment will be made as soon as practicably possible after the Bondholders' Meeting (the date for the Payment to be agreed between the Loan Trustee and the Paying Agent), and the record date will be 2 days before the Payment. The Payment is subject to acceptance of the Proposal (as described in Clause 3 of this Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting).
3. The Proposal
The Borrower has approached the Loan Trustee to convene a Bondholders meeting where the Borrower proposes the following proposal to be made by the Bondholders (the "Proposal"):
1) The Bondholders accepts that the Amount is transferred from the Escrow Account to the Issuer for the Issuers' free disposal; and
2) The Issuer shall make the Payment to the Bondholders' as soon as possible after the Bondholders' Meeting.

4. Remarks to the Proposal

4.1 Non-reliance

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

5. Further Information

For further information, please contact the advisors of the Company, Fondsfinans ASA, contactperson Erik Nodeland, with direct phone number + 47 23 11 30 74/ mobile phone number+ 47 911 86 901.

6. Bondholders' Meeting

To enable the Borrower to conduct the proposed amendments to the Loan Agreement, the Borrower has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed amendments.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Friday 7 December 2012 at 1000 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

2 -

-

POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 j Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the
chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
(1) The Bondholders' meeting approves the Proposal as described in Clause 3, in the summons fo r this Bondholders 'meeting.
(2) The Loan Trustee is granted the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders' meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including to make other necessary amendments o f the Loan Agreement and to collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction and the payment structure and the tax consequences thereof. The Loan Trustee is also granted the authority, on behalfo f the Bondholders, to agree to any minor adjustments to the Proposal.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 o f the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Loan Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Loan Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
-3 -
POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 ] www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Loan Trustee, to notify Loan Trustee by telephone or by email mail@trustee.no within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillifymann ASA Linn Verås Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-4-
POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 j www.tmstee.no

