23 May 2017

Eika Boligkreditt AS

Issue of NOK 5,000,000,000 Floating Rate Covered Notes due 26 August 2022 (Extendable to 26 August 2023) under the 20,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme

PART A -- CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes set forth in the Offering Circular dated 13 October 2016 which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the London Stock Exchange through a regulatory information service (http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html).

1.

Issuer:

Eika Boligkreditt AS

2.

(a)

Series Number:

52

(b) Tranche Number:

1

(c ) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series:

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

Norwegian Krone ("NOK")

4.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a) Series:

NOK 5,000,000,000

(b) Tranche:

NOK 5,000,000,000

5.

Issue Price:

99.949 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6.

(a) Specified Denominations:

NOK 1,000,000

(b) Calculation Amount:

NOK 1,000,000

7.

(a) Issue Date:

26 May 2017

(b) Interest Commencement Date:

26 May 2017

8.

Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to August 2022

9.

(a) Extended Final Maturity:

Applicable

1

(b) Extended Final Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to August 2023; in each case falling one year after the Maturity Date

10. Interest Basis:

In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date:

3 month NIBOR + 0.43 per cent. Floating Rate (see paragraph 16 below)

In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable):

3 month NIBOR + 0.43 per cent. Floating Rate (see paragraph 17 below)

11. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent, of their nominal amount

12. Change of Interest Basis:

If the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date.

See also Interest Basis

13. Put/Call Options:

No Applicable

14. Date [Board] approval for issuance of Not Applicable Notes obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

16. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable

(a) Specified

Period(s)/Specified 26 February, 26 May, 26 August and 26 November,

Interest Payment Dates:

subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business

Day Convention set out in (b) below

2

(b) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day

(c ) Additional Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable

(d) Manner in which the Rate of ISDA Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to
be determined:

(e ) Party responsible for calculating Not Applicable the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

(g) ISDA Determination:

·

Floating Rate Option:

Not Applicable NIBOR

·

Designated Maturity:

3 months

·

Reset Date:

First day of the Interest Period

(h) Liner Interpolation

Not Applicable

(i) Margin(s):

G)

Minimum Rate of Interest:

(k) Maximum Rate of Interest:

(0

Day Count Fraction:

+ 0.43 per cent, per annum Not Applicable Not Applicable Actual/360

Extended Maturity Interest Provisions

Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date

(a)

Fixed Rate

(b) Floating Rate

Not Applicable Applicable

(i) Specified

26 February, 26 May, 26 August and 26 November,

Period(s)/Specified

subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business

Interest Payment Dates: Day Convention set out in (b) below

(ii) Business Day Convention: Modified Following Business Day Convention

(iii) Additional Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable

(iv) Manner in which the Rate ISDA Determination of Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

3

(v) Party responsible for Not Applicable calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(vi) Screen Rate Determination:
(vii) Relevant Screen Page:

Not Applicable Not Applicable

(viii) ISDA Determination:

·

Floating Rate NIBOR

Option:

·

Designated

Maturity:

3 months

·

Reset Date:

First day of the Interest Period

(ix) Margin(s):

+ 0.43 per cent, per annum

(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: Not Applicable

(xi) Maximum Rate of Not Applicable Interest:

(xii) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

19. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

20. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

21. Final Redemption Amount:

NOK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

22. Form of Notes:

(a) Form:

VPS Notes

(b) New Global Note:

No

23. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Not Applicable

Signed on behalL<5f Eika Boligkreditt AS:
By:..OAJe '
Duly authorised

4

PART B -- OTHER INFORMATION

1. LISTING

(i) Listing and Admission to trading: Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated Market with effect from the Issue Date.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related Not Applicable to admission to trading:

2.

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated Aal by Moody's Investors Service Limited.

3.

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and amay in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4.

YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only)

Indication of yield:

Not Applicable

5.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISIN Code:

NOOO10794308

(ii) Common Code:

An application for a Common Code has been made on behalf of the Issuer

(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than Verdipapirsentralen, Norway

Euroclear Clearstream,

VPS Identification number 985 140 421

Luxembourg or Swiss Securities

Services Corporation and the

relevant identification number(s):

(iv) Names and addresses of additional Not Applicable Paying Agent(s) (if any):

6.

DISTRIBUTION

U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRA not applicable

5

