FINAL TERMS

26 September 2016
Eika Boligkreditt AS
Issue of NOK 5,000,000,000 Floating Rate Notes due 28 April 2020 (Extendable to 28 April 2021) under the 20,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme
PART A -- CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes set forth in the Offering Circular dated 1 October 2015 which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the London Stock Exchange through a regulatory information service (http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html).

1. Issuer: 2. (a) Series Number:
(b) TrancheNumber:

Eika Boligkreditt AS 49 1

(c) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series:

3. Specified Currency or Currencies:

Norwegian Kroner ("NOK")

4. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a) Series:

NOK 5,000,000,000

(b) Tranche:

NOK 5,000,000,000

5. Issue Price:

99.92 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6. (a) Specified Denominations:

NOK 1,000,000

(b) Calculation Amount

NOK 1,000,000

7. (a) Issue Date:

28 September 2016

(b) Interest Commencement Date:

28 September 2016

8. Maturity Date: 9. (a) Extended Final Maturity:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 28 April 2020
Applicable

(b) Extended Final Maturity Date: 10. Interest Basis:
11. Redemption/Payment Basis: 12. Change of Interest Basis:
13. Put/Call Options:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to April 2021; in each case falling one year after the Maturity Date
In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date:
3 month NIBOR + 0.40 per cent. Floating Rate (see paragraph 16 below)
In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable):
3 month NIBOR + 0.40 per cent. Floating Rate (see paragraph 17 below)
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent, of their nominal amount
If the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date.
See also Interest Basis.
Not Applicable

14. Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes Not Applicable obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

16. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable

(a) Specified

Period(s)/Specified 28 January, 28 April, 28 July and 28 October in each

Interest Payment Dates:

year from and including the Interest Commencement

Date to and including the Maturity Date, subject to

adjustment in accordance with the Business Day

Convention set out in (b) below

(b) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(c) Additional Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable

(d) Manner in which the Rate of ISDA Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for calculating Not Applicable the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

Not Applicable

(g) ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option: Designated Maturity:
Reset Date: (h) Liner Interpolation

NIBOR
3 months. For the first Interest Period the Designated Maturity shall be 1 month.
The first day of each Interest Period
Not Applicable

(i) Margin(s):

+ 0.40 per cent, per annum

(j) Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(k) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(l) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

17. Extended Maturity Interest Provisions

Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable)

(a) Fixed Rate

Not Applicable

(b) Floating Rate

Applicable

(i) Specified Period(s)/Specified 28 January, 28 April, 28 July and 28 October in each Interest Payment Dates: year from and including the Maturity Date to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below
(ii) Business Day Convention: Modified Following Business Day Convention

(iii) Additional Centre(s):

Business Not Applicable

(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

ISDA Determination

(v) Party responsible for Not Applicable calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(vi) Screen Rate Determination: Not Applicable

(vii) Relevant Screen Page:

Not Applicable

(viii) ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option: Designated Maturity: Reset Date: (ix) Margin(s):

NIBOR 3 months The first day of each Interest Period + 0.40 per cent, per annum

(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: Not Applicable

(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: Not Applicable

(xii) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

19. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

20. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

21. Final Redemption Amount:

NOK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 22. Form of Notes:

(a) Form:

VPS Notes

(b) New Global Note:

No

23. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Not Applicable

Signed on behalf of Eika Boligkreditt AS:

DM By:......



....

Duly authorised

PART B -- OTHER INFORMATION

LISTING

(i) Listing and Admission to trading:

Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated Market with effect from 29 September 2016.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related Not Applicable to admission to trading:

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated Aal by Moody's Investors Service Limited

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) Indication of yield:
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION (iii) ISIN Code:

Not Applicable NOOOl 0775190

(iv) Common Code:

149674667

(v) Any clearing system(s) other than

Euroclear

Clearstream,

Luxembourg or Swiss Securities Verdipapirsentralen, Norway

Services Corporation and the VPS Identification number 985 140 421

relevant identification number(s):

(vi) Names and addresses of additional DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice, Dronning

Paying Agent(s) (if any):

Eufemias gt 30, N-0191 Oslo, Norway

DISTRIBUTION U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRAD

