FINAL TERMS DATED 26 June 2014 Series No. 113-1
DANSKE BANK A/S EUR 30,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme
Issue of NOK 1,600,000,000 Floating Rate Covered Bonds due 2019
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Tranche No. 1

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Standard Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 December 2013, the Prospectus Supplement No. 1 dated 7 February 2014 and the Prospectus Supplement No. 2 dated 9 May 2014 which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Directive 2003/71/EC as amended (which includes amendments made by Directive 2010/73/EU to the extent that such amendments have been implemented in a relevant Member State of the European Economic Area) (the "Prospectus Directive"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the Central Bank of Ireland's website at www.centralbank.ie. The Final Terms are available for viewing at the website of the ISE at www.ise.ie.

1.

(i)

Series Number:

113-1

(ii) Relevant Issuer Cover Pool:

Category I (International Residential Real Estate)

(hi) Tranche Number:

1

(iv) Date on which the Covered Bonds Not Applicable will be consolidated and form a single Series:

2.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

Norwegian Kroner ("NOK")

3.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

NOK 1,600,000,000

4.

Issue Price:

100.00 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

5.

(i)

Specified Denomination(s):

NOK 1,000,000

(ii) Calculation Amount:

6.

(i)

Issue Date:

NOK 1,000,000 1 July 2014

(ii) Interest Commencement Date:

7.

(i)

Maturity Date:

1 July 2014
1 July 2019, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention

(ii) Extended Maturity Date:

8.

Interest Basis:

Applicable
The Extended Maturity Date is 1 July 2020, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention
The relevant NIBOR Floating Rate specified in

1

paragraph 13(vii) plus the relevant Margin specified in paragraph 13(ix)

(further particulars specified below at paragraph 13)

9.

Redemption Basis

Subject to any purchase andcancellation or early redemption, the Covered Bonds willbe redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent, of their nominal amount.

10. Change of Interest Basis:

Not Applicable

11. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

12. Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 13. Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions

Not Applicable Applicable

(i)

Specified Period:

Not Applicable

(ii) Interest Payment Date(s):

(a)

With respect to the period from (and

including) the Issue Date to (but excluding)

the Maturity Date, Interest Payment Dates

will be quarterly in arrear on 1 January, 1

April, 1 July and 1 October in each year

from (and including) 1 October 2014 to (and

including) the Maturity Date; and

(b)

with respect to the period from (and

including) the Maturity Date to (but

excluding) the Extended Maturity Date,

Interest Payment Dates will be the 1st of

each month, commencing on (and including)

1 August 2019 to (and including) 1 July

2020 or, if prior to 1 July 2020, the date on

which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in

full, subject in each case to adjustment in

accordance with the Business Day

Convention.

(iii) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(iv) Applicable Business Centre(s):

Oslo and Stockholm

(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined:

Screen Rate Determination

(vi) Party responsible for calculating the VP Systems Agent Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s):

(vii) Screen Rate Determination:

Applicable

Reference Rate:

(a)

with respect to the period from (and

including) 1 July 2014 to (but excluding) the

Maturity Date, the Reference Rate will be 3-

month NIBOR; and

(b)

with respect to the period from (and

including) the Maturity Date to (but

2

Interest Determination Date(s):
Relevant Screen Page: Relevant Time: Relevant Financial Centre: Reference Banks (viii) ISDA Determination: (ix) Margin(s):
(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: (xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: (xii) Day Count Fraction: 14. Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 15. Call Option 16. Put Option 17. Final Redemption Amount

excluding) the Extended Maturity Date, the Reference Rate will be 1-month NIBOR. The second Oslo Business Day prior to the start of each relevant Interest Period. Reuters Page NIBR 12:00 noon in the Relevant Financial Centre Oslo As selected by the Calculation Agent Not Applicable (a) From (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on 1 July 2019: plus 0.30 per cent per annum; and (b) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on 1 July 2019 and thereafter: plus 1.00 per cent per annum. Not Applicable Not Applicable Actual/360 Not Applicable
Not Applicable Not Applicable Outstanding Principal Amount

18. Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or Early Termination Amount

Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or Early As set out in the Conditions Termination Amount or other early redemption:

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS

19. Form of Covered Bonds:

VP Systems Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. See further item 6 of Part B below.

20. If issued as Registered Covered Bonds, Registrar:

Not Applicable

21. New Global Covered Bond Form:

Not Applicable

22. Applicable Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions relating to Payment Business Day:

Oslo and Stockholm

23. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to No Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on which such Talons mature):

3

Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

Duly authorised

By: Duly authorised

CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent and Principal Registrar

4

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1.

Listing and Admission to Trading

(i)

Listing:

The Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange

(ii) Admissionto trading:

Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange's regulated market with effect from 1 July 2014.

(iii) Estimate of totalexpenses related to EUR 500 admission to trading:

2.

Ratings

Ratings:

The Covered Bonds to be issued are expected to be rated AAA by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch").

There is no guarantee that any of the above ratings will be maintained following the date of these Final Terms. Up-to-date information should always be sought by direct reference to the relevant rating agency.

Each of Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).

3.

Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue

Save as discussed in the "Subscription and Sale" and "General Information" sections of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.

4.

Operational Information:

ISIN Code/CUSIP/Securities Identification NO0010713902 Number:

Common Code:

Not Applicable

New Global Covered Bond/Global

No

Registered Covered Bond intended to be held

in a manner which would allow Eurosystem

eligibility:

Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear
Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking, Societe Anonyme or The Depositary Trust Corporation:

VPS, Norway. y p s identification number: N00010713902.
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information from the register maintained by VPS for the purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of VP Systems Covered Bonds.

Delivery:

Delivery against payment

Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if any):

Not Applicable

5.

Distribution

(i)

Method of distribution:

Non-syndicated

(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: Not Applicable

5

(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement:

Not Applicable

(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):

Not Applicable

(v) If non-syndicated, name of relevant Danske Bank A/S Dealer:

(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions:

As set out in the Base Prospectus

6

