12. August 2013

Terra BoligKreditt AS

Issue of NOK 3,000,000,000 Floating Rate Notes due to 16 December 2020 (Extendable to 16 December 2021) under the 20,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme

PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions

of the VPS Notes set forth in the Offering Circular dated 19 October 2012 which constitutes a base

prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (the Offering Circular). This document

constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the

Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular. Full information on

the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final

Terms and the Offering Circular. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the

London

Stock

Exchange

through

a

regulatory

information

service

(http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html).]

I.

Issuer:

2.

(a)

Series Number:

(b) Tranche Number:

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

4.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a)

Series:

(b) Tranche:

5.

Issue Price:

6.

(a)

Specified Denominations:

(b) Calculation Amount

7.

(a)

Issue Date:

(b) Interest Commencement Date:

8.

Maturity Date:

9.

(a)

Extended Final Maturity:

(b) Extended Final Maturity Date:

Terra BoligKreditt AS 38 1 Norwegian Kroner ("NOK")
NOK 3,000,000,000 NOK 3,000,000,000 100 per cent, o f the Aggregate Nominal Amount NOK 1,000,000 NOK 1,000,000 14 August 2013 14 August 2013 Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to December 2020 Applicable Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to December 2021; in each case falling one year after the Maturity Date

10. Interest Basis:

3 month NIBOR + 0.54 per cent. Floating Rate

11. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent of their nominal amount

12. Change of Interest Basis:

Not Applicable

13. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

14. Date Board approval for issuance of Notes Not Applicable obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

16. Floating Rate Note Provisions

(a) Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Long first Interest Period from and including the

Payment Dates:

Issue Date to but excluding the first Specified

Interest Payment Date and, thereafter each period

from and including a Specified Interest Payment

Date.

First Interest will be payable on 16 December 2013. Thereafter Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on 16 March, 16 June, 16 September and 16 December in each year from and including the first Specified Interest Payment Date to and including the Maturity Date, or, in case of Extended Final Maturity, to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention below.

(b) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention, adjusted.

(c) Additional Business Centre(s):

Oslo, Norway

(d) Manner in which the Rate of Interest and ISDA Determination Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for calculating the Rate Not Applicable of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f)

Screen Rate Determination:

Not Applicable

(g) ISDA Determination:

Applicable

·

Floating Rate Option:

MB OR

·

Designated Maturity:

3 months

·

Reset Date:

The first day of each Interest Period

(h) Margin(s):

+0.54 per cent, per annum

(i)

Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(j)

Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(k) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

Extended Maturity Interest Provisions

Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable)

(a) Fixed Rate

Not Applicable

(b) Floating Rate

Applicable

(i)

Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on 16

Interest Payment Dates:

March, 16 June, 16 September and 16 December

from and excluding Maturity Date to and

including Extended Final Maturity Date, subject

to adjustment in accordance with the Business

Day Convention below.

(ii) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention, adjusted.

(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): Oslo, Norway

(iv) Manner in which the Rate of ISDA Detemination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(v) Party responsible for calculating Not Applicable the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(vi) Screen Rate Determination:

Not Applicable

(vii) Relevant Screen Page:

Not Applicable

(viii) ISDA Determination:

Applicable

·

Floating Rate Option: MB OR

Designated Maturity:

·

Reset Date:

(ix) Margin(s):

(x) Minimum Rate of Interest:

(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest:

18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

The first day of each Interest Period +0.54 per cent, per annum Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

19. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

20. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

21. Final Redemption Amount:

100 per Calculation Amount

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

22. Form of Notes:

(a) Form:

VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book-entry from

(b) New Global Note:

Not Applicable

23. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Oslo, Norway

24. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Not Applicable Definitive Notes:

Signed on behalf of Terra BoligKreditt AS:

By:' Duly authorised

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1.

LISTING

(i)

Listing and Admission to trading:

Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Børs with effect from 15 August 2013.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to NOK 0.00 if listed during 2013. admission to trading:

2.

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:

Aa2

by Moody's Investors Service Limited

3.

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4

YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only)

Indication of yield:

Not Applicable

5

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i)

ISIN Code:

NO 0010685480

(ii) Common Code:

Not Applicable

(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than Verdipapirsentralen, Norway Eurodear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream VPS Identification number 985 140 421 Banking, societe anonyme or Swiss Securities Services Corporation and the relevant identification number(s):

(iv) Names and addresses of additional DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning

Paying Agent(s) (if any):

Eufemias gate 30, Postboks 1600 Sentrum, 0021

Oslo

6

DISTRIBUTION

U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRA D

