29 November 2013

Eika Boligkreditt AS

Issue of SEK 1,500,000,000 Floating Rate Notes due December 2018 (Extendable to December 2019) under the 20,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme

PART A -- CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes set forth in the Offering Circular dated 3 September 2013 which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the London Stock Exchange through a regulatory information service (http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html).

1. Issuer:

Eika Boligkreditt AS

2.

(a) Series Number:

41

(b) Tranche Number:

1

(c) Date on which the Notes will Not Applicable be consolidated and form a
single Series:

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

Swedish Krona ("SEK")

4. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a) Series: (b) Tranche: 5. Issue Price:

SEK 1,500,000,000 SEK 1,500,000,000 100 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6.

(a) Specified Denominations:

SEK 1,000,000

(b) Calculation Amount

SEK 1,000,000

7.

(a) Issue Date:

3 December 2013

(b) Interest Commencement Date: 3 December 2013

8. Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to December 2018

9.

(a) Extended Final Maturity:

Applicable

(b) Extended Final Maturity Date: Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to December 2019

10. Interest Basis:

3 month STIBOR + 0.50 per cent. Floating Rate

11. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent, of their nominal amount

12. Change of Interest Basis:

Not Applicable

13. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

14. Date Board approval for issuance of Not Applicable Notes obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

16. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable

(a) Specified Period(s)/Specified The period from and including the Issue Date to but

Interest Payment Dates:

excluding the first Specified Interest Payment Date

and, thereafter, each period from and including a

Specified Interest Payment Date.

Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on 3 March, 3 June, 3 September and 3 December in each year from and excluding the Interst Commencement Date to and including the Maturity Date, or, in case of Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Conventions specified below.

(b) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention, adjusted

(c) Additional Business Centre(s): Stockholm

(d) Manner in which the Rate of Screen Rate Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for Not Applicable calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

Applicable

·

Reference Rate

Reference Rate: 3 month STIBOR

Interest Determination Second Stockholm Business Day prior the start of

Date(s):

each Interest Period.

Relevant Screen Page: Reuters Screen SIDE Page

(g) ISDA Determination: (h) Margin(s):

Not Applicable + 0.50 per cent, per annum

(i) Minimum Rate of Interest: G ) Maximum Rate of Interest: (k) Day Count Fraction:

Not Applicable Not Applicable Actual/360

Extended Maturity Interest Provisions

Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable)

(a) Fixed Rate

Not Applicable

(b) Floating Rate

Applicable

(i) Specified

Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on 3 March,

Period(s)/Specified

3 June, 3 September and 3 December in each year

Interest Payment Dates: from and excluding the Maturity Date to and

including the Extended Final Maturity Date,

subject to adjustment in accordance with the

Business Day Conventions specified below.

(ii) Business Convention:

Day Modified Following Business Day, adjusted

(iii) Additional Business Stockholm Centre(s):

(iv) Manner in which the Screen Rate Determination Rate of Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(v) Parly responsible for Not Applicable calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(vi) Screen

Rate Applicable

Determination:

·

Reference Rate Reference Rate: 3 month STIBOR

·

Interest

Second Stockholm Business Day prior the start of

Determination each Interest Period.

Date(s):

(vii) Relevant Screen Page: Reuters Screen SIDE Page

(viii) ISDA Determination: Not Applicable

(ix) Margin(s):

+ 0.50 per cent, per annum

(X ) Minimum Rate of Not Applicable Interest:

(xi) Maximum Rate of Not Applicable Interest:

(xii) Day Count Fraction: Actual/360

18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

19. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

20. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

21. Final Redemption Amount:

SEK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

22. Form of Notes:

(a) Form:

VPS Notes

(b) New Global Note:

No

23. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Stockholm

24. Talons for future Coupons to be No attached to Definitive Notes:

Signed on behalf of Eika Bofygkreditt AS:

n ftJ

Yo*

By: . . . i U » - '

Duly authorised

PART B -- OTHER INFORMATION

1. LISTING

(i) Listing and Admission to Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its

trading:

behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on

the Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated Market with

effect from the Issue Date.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses NOK 3,000 related to admission to trading:

2. RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued have been rated:

Aa2 by Moody's Investors Service Limited

Moody's Investors Service Ltd is established in the European Union and are registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).

3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer and its affdiates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4. YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only)

Not Applicable

5. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISIN Code:

NO0010697212

(ii) Common Code:

099934379

(iii) Any clearing system(s) other Verdipapirsentralen, Norway

than Euroclear Clearstream,

VPS Identification number 985 140 421

Luxembourg or Swiss

Securities Services Corporation

and the relevant identification

number(s):

(iv) Names and addresses of Not Applicable additional Paying Agent(s) (if any):

6. DISTRIBUTION

U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRAD

