Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet p å engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the bondholders in: ISINNO 001 066536.7 -

FRN Otium AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2015

Oslo, 23 M y 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - proposal to amend the bond issue
Nordic Trustee ASA (previously Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (together, the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue"), a bond loan of NOK 100 million issued by Otium AS ("Otium" or the "Issuer").
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 17 December 2012 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND
1.1 Introduction
In conjunction with the Issuer's finalization o f its and the Group's annual accounts for 2013, it has become clear that a negative correction needed to be made to the book equity. As set out in the annual accounts announced on 22 July 2014, the book equity o f the Group as per 31 December 2013 was determined at NOK 101.4 million (the "Book Equity Correction").
The Book Equity Correction causes a breach o f the minimum Book Equity covenant set out in the Bond Agreement (Clause 13.4 (c) (iii)), which requires a minimum level of NOK 500 million.
In addition, as previously announced by the Issuer, the minimum Available Liquidity covenant set out in the Bond Agreement (Clause 13.4 (c) (ii) has provided and still provides certain challenges for the Issuer. It continues to maintain a level of Available Liquidity that is close to (and potentially below) said covenant level, and thus the Issuer is also in breach of said provision (the "Liquidity Shortfall")
Furthermore, the Market Adjusted Equity o f the Issuer is currently below the required NOK 1,000 million set out in the Bond Agreement (Clause 13.4 (c) (i)). The Issuer estimates the Market Adjusted Equity to be approximately NOK 800 million, and thus the Issuer is also in breach of said provision (the "Market Adjusted Equity Breach").

Furthermore, the Issuer has been delayed in finalising its financial statements for 2013 (Clause 13.2.1 (c)) (the "Delayed Reporting", and together with the Book Equity Correction, the Liquidity Shortfall and the Market Adjusted Equity Breach, hereinafter referred to as the "Covenant Breaches"). Certain accounting principles relating to assessment of asset values and hedging arrangements have now been agreed with the Issuer's auditor and the financial statements are now finalised and in all material respects audited and are being published simultaneously with the distribution of this summons letter. The financial statements for 2013 will be approved by the Issuer's general meeting o f shareholders and formally approved by the auditor within the date of the Bondholders' Meeting.
The Issuer has through one o f its subsidiaries granted a loan to its sole shareholder (the "Shareholder Loan"). The loan has been settled by way o f a set-off arrangement which is further described in the letter from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee attached to this summons letter. The Bondholders are informed o f this loan due to the nature of the loan and the settlement method.
The Issuer is contemplating a sale o f its subsidiary Team Bygg Holding AS to a company owned by its sole shareholder (the "Team Bygg Transaction"). The sale will be settled by a combination of cash and a vendor's credit, as further described in the letter from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee attached to this summons letter. The Bondholders are informed of this transaction due to the nature of the settlement method and the link to the Issuer's sole shareholder.
This summons letter is issued in order to seek a waiver from the Bondholders of the Covenant Breaches, as well as an amendment to the relevant financial covenants o f the Bonds, against a one-time fee payable immediately and an increase of the redemption price on maturity for the benefit of the Bondholders.
As announced on 20 February 2014, the Issuer has entered into an agreement with its main bank lenders, pursuant to which e.g. the interest and amortisation (and in some cases maturity) schedules were amended and a covenant suspension period of 12 months was established. In addition, implementation o f a plan for controlled realisation o f certain assets and deleveraging commenced during the first half year of 2014. As per the end of June, three projects in Sweden and one in Norway have been sold, with a net equity effect of around NOK 31 million and net liquidity effect of NOK 36 million. The Group will proceed in its realisation plan in the second half of 2014, expecting to result in a net equity and liquidity effect of up to NOK 181 million and NOK 156 million respectively.
Following the agreement with the banks, with its more lenient amortisation profile and where no loans become due prior to the Maturity Date for the Bonds (31 March 2015), as well as the completed and anticipated realisations, it is the opinion o f the Issuer that it will have sufficient funds to meet the maturity instalment in March 2015 and all other payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.
For further details, reference is made to the letter from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee attached to this summons letter.
1.2 Further information
The Issuer has engaged SpareBank 1 Markets AS ("SpareBankl") as financial advisor with respect to the Proposal herein. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact SpareBankl as follows for further information:
· SpareBankl Markets AS, Christoffer Ffehre, +47 959 31 585
SpareBankl is acting solely for the Issuer and its affiliates and no-one else in connection herewith. SpareBankl expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein). All material presented to the Bondholders hereby has been produced solely by the Issuer. SpareBankl has not had the opportunity to verify the accurateness or completeness of the information provided in this summons letter and its attachments.

2. PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT
In accordance with Clause 16.2 o f the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a meeting o f Bondholders ("Bondholders' Meeting") in order to consider the Issuer's request to amend the Bond Issue as set out below, pursuant to the authority given to the Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 16.1 of the Bond Agreement.

The Issuer proposes that the Bond Agreement is amended and restated to reflect the following (the "Proposal"):

i.

the redemption price on maturity for the Bonds shall be increased from 100% o f par to 101%

o f par; i.e. Clause 10.1 shall be amended to read as follows:

"The Bonds shall mature infu ll on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at 101% o fp a r by the Issuer. ",

ii.

the market adjusted equity requirement o f the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) is changed from

minimum NOK 1,000,000,000 to NOK 750,000,000, i.e. Clause 13.4 (c) (i) is amended to read

as follows:

"(i)

a Market Adjusted Equity o f at least NOK 750,000,000;", and

iii. the liquidity requirement o f the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) is changed from minimum NOK 50,000,000 to NOK 25,000,000, i.e. Clause 13.4 (c) (ii) is amended to read as follows:

"(ii) Available Liquidity o f at least NOK 25,000,000;", and

iv.

the book equity requirement o f the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) is changed from m inimum

NOK 500,000,000 to NOK 80,000,000, i.e. Clause 13.4 (c) (iii) is amended to read as follows:

"(iii) a Book Equity o f minimum NOK 80,000,000;

Implementation of the Proposal is subject to, and will only be effective upon the following having taken place:

i.

the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement (as defined below) having been duly executed by

the parties thereto; and

ii.

all necessary corporate resolutions o f the Issuer having been duly made.

If these conditions are fulfilled, the Proposal will be implemented by way o f an amended and restated bond agreement being entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Amended and Restated Bond Agreement"), such Amended and Restated Bond Agreement to reflect the above, and any necessary ancillary amendments.

3. COMPENSATION
In addition to the increase of the redemption price for the bonds from 100% o f par to 101% o f par, it is proposed that an amendment fee o f 0.50% (flat) of the nominal amount of the Outstanding Bonds is paid by the Issuer to the holders o f the Bonds through the Securities Depository (with record date at the end o f business in Norway on the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting) within ten (10) Business Days after the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting, provided that the Proposal is approved by the Bondholders' Meeting.

3

4.

REQUEST FOR WAIVER

Due to the Covenant Breaches, there is a need for the Issuer to obtain a waiver from the Bondholders with respect to the Covenant Breaches during the period until the time of the Bondholder Meeting summoned hereby.

Specifically, the Issuer proposes the following waiver (the "Waiver Proposal"):

"The Covenant Breaches, i.e. non-compliance by the Issuer with Clauses 13.4 (c) (i), 13.4 (c) (ii) and 13.4 (c) (iii) during the period until the date o f this Bondholders' Meeting is acknowledged, as well as the Event o f Default caused thereby, and any right o f the Bondholders to claim early repayment o f the Bonds or otherwise under the Bond Agreement based on the non-compliance in the saidperiod is hereby waived.

The Bondholders furthermore acknowledge the Shareholder Loan and the Team Bygg Transaction."

5. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
In the Issuer's opinion, the Proposal represents a fair solution for the Bondholders. Considering the strong underlying asset values, Bondholders will continue to benefit from a strong loan to value with limited residual risk left at maturity.
The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that it has presented the Proposal to Bondholders representing more than 66% o f the outstanding Bonds and that such Bondholders have expressed their support for the Proposal.

6. NON-RELIANCE
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall be construed as or constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly.

7. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

6 August 2014 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6th floor

Agenda: 1. Approval o f the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolves the following:

"The Bondholder's Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 and Waiver Proposal as described in section 4 o f the summonsfo r the Bondholders 'Meeting.

4

The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised to complete the negotiation o f form, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal, without any obligation to notify the Bondholders as providedfo r in Clause 16.2 o f the Bond Agreement. Further, the Bond Trustee is given power o f attorney to prepare, finalise and enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders ' Meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including making appropriate amendments to the Bond Agreement and enter into the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement and an amendment and restatement agreement in relation thereto. '' To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof o f ownership o f the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner o f the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount o f the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duty signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to post@trustee.no. +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely
Vivian Trøsch
Enclosed: Schedule A - Bondholder's Form Schedule B - Letter from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee
5

Nordic Trustee AS Post Office Box 1470 Vika 0116 OSLO

Otium
Otium AS Postboks 351,4067 Stavanger Besøksadresse: Petroleumsveien 6,4033 Stavanger Sentralbord: 51 95 85 00 post@otium.no - otium.no
Stavanger, 3. juli 2014
Revidert 21. juli 2014

FRN Otium AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2015
1 Introduksjon
Det vises til tidligere kommunikasjon vedrørende FRN Otium AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2015 ("Bondavtalen").
I forbindelse med avleggelse av årsregnskapet for 2013 er Otium AS ("Otium" eller "Selskapet") som varslet muntlig blitt kjent med at kravet til bokført egenkapital i Bond-avtalen ikke var oppfylt per 31. desember2013. Det foreliggerogså brudd på Bondavtalenskravtil tilgjengelig likviditet. Detvisesi til legg til den forsinkede ferd igstillelse av årsregnskapet, jf r. Bondavtalensart. 13.2.1 (c), samt lån ytet fra Otium til detseierTore Lie, som beskrevet nedenfor i punkt 2.3.
1det følgende redegjøres for årsakene til ogOtiums håndte ring av manglende overholdelse av nevnte bestemmelser, hendelseretterbalansedato ogestimerte merverdier utover bokførte verdier, samt forslagtil løsning og videre fremdrift.
2 Årsregnskapet 2013
2.1 Ferdigstillelse av årsregnskapet På grunn av enkelte uavklarte punkterknyttettil prinsipperforverdivurderingavaktiva, samt regnskapsmessig behandling avsikringsinstrumenter er behandlingen av årsregnskapet til Selskapet noe forsinket. Otium har dialog med revisor rundt de aktuelle punktene og arbeider for øvrig med å fremskaffe ytterligere dokumentasjon i den grad revisor etterspør dette. Otium vil behandle årsregnskapet så snart de nødvendige avklaringerforeligger og arbeider mot at endelig og vedtatt årsregnskapsenestforeligger i perioden 9. til 14. juli 2014.
Uavhengig av utfallet av de uavklarte punktene, er det imidlertid konstatert at det vil bli en betydelig korreksjon i bokført egenkapital i konsernregnskapettil Otium pr. 31. desember2013. Det har ikke tidligere vært indikasjoner på at konsernet vi llefå et stort negativt resultat. Årsakene til endringen er sammensatte ogskyldesflere forhold som haroppstått etter balansedagen.
I hovedsak skyldes endring i bokført egenkapital følgende: Nedskrivning avverdipapireri Otium Finans Avsetning knyttettil rehabiliteringsprosjekt Økte garanti avsetninger

Verdijustering avdiverseeiendomsprosjekter Tap i næringseiendom Midlertidigagiotap og balanseføring av sikringsinstrumenter
Vi vil understreke at flere av de korreksjoner som vil bli innarbeidet i årsregnskapet for 2013 er regnskapsmessige korreksjonerogikke konstaterte tap. Forflere aktivapostererverdiene intakte, men balansejusteresiht. gjeldende krav i regnskapslovgivningen.
Selskapet er bevisst på at Bondavtalen og ABM-reglene tilsier at årsregnskapet forSelskapet skal publiseres henholdsvis senest 150dagerog fire måneder etter utløpet av regnskapsåret.
Så snart endelig årsregnskap fore ligger vil vi redegjøre nærmere for årsresultat for året 2013 og endring i de balanseførte verdier,
2.2 Brudd på finansielle covenants Bond-avtalen oppstiller følgende finansielle covenants;
Verdijustert egenkapital skal være over MNOK1000 Ti Igje nge Iig Iikviditet skaI være ove r MNOK 50 Bokført egenkapital skal være over MNOK 500 Lån i forhold til verditakst skal være under70%
Som tidligere kommunisert varierertilgjengelig likviditet med inn- og utbetalinger i forhold til løpende forpliktelser. Siden Selskapet ikke har hatt en større buffertilgjengeliggårdetderfortidvisi brudd med kravetom NOK50 000 000 tilgjengelig likviditet. Iht. selskapets likviditetsprognosevil Otium-konsernet imidlertid oppfylle kravet til tilgjengelig likviditet i løpet av tredje kvartal 2014, jfr. Vedlegg 1.
Med bakgrunn i resultat for 2013 samt ekstraordinære balansejusteringersom vil bli foretatt i forbindelse med årsoppgjøret, vil Selskapet også være i brudd med krav om bokført egenkapital på konsernnivå. Otium-konsernet er inne i en omfattende konsolideringsprosessderstore deler av eiendelene som ikke er relatert til boligutvikling holdes for salg. På denne bakgrunn er det antatt at Selskapet inneværende år vil reduseresintotalbalanse med NOK 1,0-1,2 milliarder. Detabsolutte egenkapitalkravet blir dermed vanskelig å oppfylle samtidig som Selskapet reduserer sin totalbalanse.
Selskapet estimererverdijustert egenkapital til åvære NOK800 000 000 pr. juni 2014. Dette erlavere enn vilkåret som liggertil grunn i låneavtalen.
2.3 Lån til aksjonær I perioden januar- mars 2013 ble detytetlån på til sammen NOK 15 000 000 fra ett av Otiums datterselskapertil aksjonærTore Lie. Fra Otiums side ble dette ikke vurdert som et brudd på Bondavtalen ettersom art. 13.4 (a) etter sin ordlyd begrenser lån som ytes fra "Issuer" (dvs. Otium AS) ikke fra dets datterselskaper. Lånet ble senere i 2013 gjort opp ved mellomregning Otium AS/ Team ByggHoldingAS, hvorpå mellomværende med Otium ASble korrigert inn gjennom overdragelse av eiendom fra Tore Lie til Otium. På grunn av lånet og oppgjørets karakter, opplyses dette om for god ordens skyld.
Otium AS, Postboks 351,4067 Stavanger. Besøksadresse: Petroleumsveien 8,4033 Stavanger. Sentralbord: 51 95 85 00. post@otium.no-otium.no

3. Viktige hendelser i 2014/2015
Som tidligere meddelt holder konsernet en rekke aktiva for salg, spesielt innenfor næringseiendom og finans. Detjobbes etter en faseinndelt plan med en ti dslinje frem til oktober 2015, ref. tidligere tilsendt oversikt.

Hittil i 2014 har konsernet solgtfølgende eiendommer;

Aktiva Eiendom Karlstad, Sverige Eiendom Vesteräs, Sverige Eiendom Sundsvall, Eiendom Nybyen, Kristiansand

Eiendomsverdi 171 MSEK 150 MSEK 79 MSEK 6 MNOK

Egenkapitaleffekt 25 MSEK 6 MSEK 0MSEK OMNOK

Nettolikviditet 18 MSEK 2 MSEK 10 MSEK 6 MNOK

Otium har ved salgene oppnådd gode priser som etterOtiums oppfatning bekrefter at det er me rverdieri konsernet.
I 2. halvår arbeides det vide re med å oppnå gode priser på avhendelse av aktiva. Detjobbes med salg eIler refinansiering av aktiva i 2. halvår som forventes å gi en samlet egenkapitaleffekt på MNOK 181 i 2014. Li kviditetseffekten estime res til MNOK156. Egenkapital-og likviditetseffekten vil nødvendigvis bli lavere dersom enkelte av eiendommene i stedet refinansieres.
I til legg opplyses det om at Otium har påbegynt overdragelse av aksjene i Team Bygg Holding AS med datterselskaper til et nytt selskap eiet avTore Lie. Transaksjonen vil gjennomføres på armlengdes avstand og kjøpesummen baseres på en verdivurdering gjennomført avto eksterne meglerhus. Kjøpesummen for aksjene er satttil MNOK 119, hvorav MNOK 83 gjøres opp kontant og resten ytes som enselgerkreditt. Aksjene vil overdras i løpet av august 2014.
I første kvartal 2015 er det lagt opp til realisasjon av enkelte finansielle minoritetsposter, samt den kontrollerendeeierandelen i Bryne Industri park AS. Disse forventes samletåhaen netto Iikvi ditetseffekt på ca. MNOK 70.
4. Merverdier og vurdering av verdijustert egenkapital
Otium avlegger regnskap etter NGAAP-standarden. Alle eiendelererbokførttil laveste av kostpris eller virkelig verdi. Selskapet har aldri skrevet opp verdien av eiendeler. Det finnes derfor betydelige merverdiersom ikke fremgårav regnskapet. Selskapet vurdererden verdijusterte egenkapitalen til å være i størrelsesorden MNOK 800. Det kan om ønskelig redegjøres nærmere fordetaljer i dette estimatet i møte.
Otium-konsernet harfor øvrig MNOK 57 i ikke-regnskapsførte inntekter. Bakgrunnen for at disse ikke er resultatført skyldes tidligere transaksjoner hvor konsernet har solgt prosjekt, men fortsatt eier delerav prosjektet i ny eierstruktur. Inntektenevil bli bokført nårgjeldende prosjekteravslutteseller avhendes 100 % til nye eiere.
5. Likviditetsprognose
VedlagtliggerSelskapetsgjeldendelikviditetsprognose frem til forfall av obligasjonslånet. Likviditetsprognosen bygger på antakelser om at eiendeler avhendes i samsvar med estimert tidsplan. Prognosen hensyntarogså bankavtalen inngått med konsernets viktigste banker som blant annet innebæreren regulering av rentebetaling, hovedforfall på lån (til etter forfall på obligasjonslånet), utsettelse av avdrag, suspensjon avfinansiellecovenants, samtfordelingav overskudd ved avhendelse av aktiva. Risikoen i likviditetsprognosen er primært knyttet til faktisk

Otium AS, Postboks 351,4067 Stavanger. Besøksadresse: Petroteumsveien 8.4033 Stavanger. Sentralbord: 51 95 85 00. post@otium.no - otium.no

oppnåelse av salg av eiendeler, hvor realisasjon el ler refinansiering avenkelte større eiendeler er av vesentlig betydning.
I henhold til gjeldende likviditetsp rognose, vil estimert kontantbeholdning ved utløpet av første kvartal 2015, førinnfrielseavobligasjonslånetvære MNOK139.
Iht. gjeldende likviditetsprognose vil dermed Otium ha tilstrekkelig likviditettil å innfri obligasjonslån iht.avtaltforfallstidspunkt31. mars 2015.
6. Forslag til løsning og videre prosess
Otium er opptatt av å sikre obligasjonseiernes interesser og ivareta de forpliktelser som følger av Bondavtalen, samtidig som det er viktig å etablere et covenant-regime som er passende for Selskapet.
På denne bakgrunn arbeider Otium med et forslag til obligasjonseierne som vil innebære at det avtales et addendum til Bondavtalen med et innhold som i hovedsak gjelder følgende:
Otium betaleren tilleggsrente på 75 punkterp.a.fremtil innfrielseavlånet Krav om bokført egenkapital på MNOK500 endrestil MNOK75. Kravtilfri likviditetendresfra MIMOK50til MNOK25. Krav til verdijustert egenkapital endres fra MNOKIOOO til MNOK750 Obligasjonseierne frafaller retttil å iverksette sanksjoner som følge av de mislighold av Bondavtalen som harfunnet sted, jfr. beskrivelsene ovenfor.
Otium ønsker i første rekke å presentere løsningen forde største obligasjonseierne, for om mulig å få enforeløpigtilbakemeldingfradisse på at løsningen fremstårsom akseptabel. Deretter se r Otium for seg å presentere løsningen til øvrige obligasjonseierne ved innkalling til obligasjonseiermøte.
7. Avslutning
Styreti Otium eroverrasketoveratSelskapetfårbetydeligjusteringi bokført egenkapital på konsernnivå pr. 31. desember2013, men påpekerat justeringene i morselskapets egenkapital er mindre. Samtidig så er det konstatert at flere av de transaksjoner som ergjennomført i 1. halvår 2014 er gjennomført med prisersom bekrefter merverdieri konsernets aktiva.
Selskapet er beredt på å finne en løsning med obligasjonseierne i løpet av neste uke og vil la seg bistå av Advokatfirmaet Schjødt ASforå sikre en strukturert prosess og finne en løsning som ivaretaralle parter på beste måte.
Vennlig hilsen pr. Otium AS
Ketil Petterson Finansdirektør
Otium AS, Postboks 351.4067 Stavanger. Besøksadresse: Petroleumsveien 8.4033 Stavanger. Sentralbord: 51 95 85 00. post@otium.no - otium.no

