Information from company
TO:
Bondholders in ISIN NO 0010808249 and ISIN NO 0010808256
Acquisition of CrediCare AS
17 January 2018 - Melin Medical AS (Melin Medical), a wholly owned subsidiary of HI Bidco AS, has entered into an agreement to acquire 100 percent of the shares in CrediCare AS (CrediCare), a wellestablished provider of payment solutions and administration systems for the healthcare, dental, fitness and veterinary industries.
The acquisition strengthens Melin Medical's position within the healthcare industry and consolidates its position as the clear market leader in healthcare payment solutions in Norway. Furthermore, it gives Melin Medical access to industry segments where the company is not present today, including fitness centres and veterinary offices. This acquisition follows a successful integration of the recently acquired Odin Kapital AS where the forecasted synergies has recently been lifted from the forecasts made at the time of closing in 2H17.
CrediCare has more than 700 clinics across different industries in its customer portfolio. Of these, approximately 500 are fitness centres and 65 are veterinary clinics. The company's fitness centre clients are primarily independent players and the smaller fitness centre chains. Additionally, CrediCare has a pilot customer in place in Sweden and is ready to enter the Swedish market. Hence, the acquisition has the potential to strengthen Melin Medical's international expansion.
"Excellent technology solutions and 30 years' industry experience lie at the core of CrediCare's product and service offering. The acquisition broadens our industrial footprint and subsequently makes us less vulnerable to regulatory changes within specific industries. At the same time, we strengthen our healthcare offering significantly. CrediCare is an excellent strategic fit for us," says Ingvill Hestenes, CEO of Melin Medical.
Melin Medical will acquire 100 percent of the shares in CrediCare for a cash consideration of NOK150 million, equivalent to an estimated enterprise value of NOK 145 million. For 2018, CrediCare has budgeted revenues of approximately NOK 83 million with a budgeted EBITDA of NOK 22 million. In addition to this, Melin Medical expects integration synergies of NOK 20-30 million. The current shareholders of CrediCare are System-Invest AS (65.01%) and Hm Resources AS (34.99%).
The acquisition is funded 50% by equity or subordinated loan from shareholders, and 50% by bank loan, as in accordance with the bond agreement's clause for RCF.
CrediCare's headquarter is based in Førde, Norway. The company has an additional sales office in Gjøvik, Norway. It currently employs approximately 40 people. The company was founded in 1987.
Subject to certain closing conditions, closing of the agreement is expected on 19 March 2018.
Melin Medical AS is headquartered in Sandane, Sogn og Fjordane, Norway. Melin Medical and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Melin Collectors AS, has additional offices in Oslo, Norway; Aarhus, Denmark; and Gothenburg, Sweden. In total, the company employs 147 people. Since its foundation in 2009, Melin Medical's business idea has been to develop payment solutions and patient administration systems that free

up physicians and health workers from administrative work, enabling healthcare personnel to spend more time treating patients and simultaneously reduce overhead costs.
ENDS
For more information, please contact: Ingvill Hestenes: CEO, Melin Medical AS, tel: +47 900 77 877, email: ih(a)melinmedical.com

