NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 036969.7 -10 per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants
Oslo, 21 November 2008

REQUEST FOR AMENDMENT OF THE LOAN AGREEMENTNOTICE FROM BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

On 21 November 2008 a Bondholders' meeting was held pursuant to summons of 13 November 2008 regarding amendments to the Loan Agreement regarding the Change Of Control clause, permitting upstream intra group loans, and release of security in a land parcel and permission to sell same parcel.

There were sufficient Bondholders present at the meeting to form a quorum. The proposed resolution obtained 70.03% of the votes, and the proposal was adopted according to the voting requirements of the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement will therefore be amended as follows:

1) The Loan Agreement shall he amended to include the following definitions:

Umoe : "Umoe Invest AS, a. corporation organized and existing under the laws o f the Kingdom o f Norway, with registered office at Fornebuveien 84, 1366 Lysaker, Norway, having registration number 981 688 295, indirectly owned, and controlled by Jens Ulltveit- Moe. "

Jens Ulltveit- Moe : "Mr. Jens Ulltveit- Moe (personal identification number xxx), a Norwegian citizen and one or more companies controlled (directly or indirectly) by him and his immediate family members. "

2) The Loan Agreement shall be amended by replacing the existing definition o f "Change o f Control Event"with the following:

"an event where a shareholder o f the Borrower or a group o f affiliated

shareholders, other than Umoe and/or Jens Ulltveit-Moe, actingjointly in

concert, directly or indirectly acquire (including by purchase, merger etc.)

the right to cast, at a general meeting o f shareholders o f the Borrower, more

than 50% of the votes that may ordinarily be cast in a general meeting of

vhnuphnlf]pvv nfthp R n rrnw p r "
MAILING ADDRESS · P-OlBOX I47O V I K A N - O I l 6 OSLO

LOCATION * HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone » +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no

· NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
3) The Loan Agreement shall be amended to permit and facilitate: a. Intra Group Loans from the Project Company to the Holding Company or to the Borrower, in each case the receivables under the upstream intra group loans shcdl be pledged on first priority infavor o f the Loan Trustee (on behalfo f the Bondholders). b. Intra Group Loansfrom the Holding Company to the Borrower, the receivables under the upstream intra group loans shall be pledged on first priority in favor o f the Loan Trustee (on behalfo f the Bondholders).
4) The Bondholders release the pledge over the approximately 98.6 hectares o f land acquired by the Project Company from, the Jacintho family (the Jacintho Land, as defined in the summons) as the location for Unit 2. The Bondholders also consent to the sale by the Project. Company o f the Jacintho Land..
5) The Loan Trustee is grantedpower o f attorney to make any amendments o f the Loan Agreement and may on behalfo f the Bondholders enter into any agreement necessary to implement the resolution. The Loan Trustee is also granted the authority, on behalf of the Bondholders, to approve any minor adjustment to the resolution needed tofacilitate the implementation.
The Bondholders may obtain a copy of the minutes from the meeting by request to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
-2 -

