NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. Eventuelle henvendelser rettes ti! Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
IS1N: NO 001 036969.7 -10 per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants
Oslo, 9 October 2009
Proposal for Debt Restructuring and Interim Financing - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. Introduction
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") is appointed as loan trustee for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bond") in the amount of US Dollars 85 million, in which Umoe BioEnergy ASA (the "Company") is the borrower.
All capitalized terms used in this notice (the "Summons") and in the Company Update (the "Company Update"), attached hereto as Exhibit I, and not otherwise defined herein shall håve the meaning defined in the loan agreement, dated 6 June 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") between the Company and the Loan Trustee, acting in its own capacity and on behalf of the Bondholders and Warrantholders in the issue of the Bonds.
The Company has engaged Arctic Securities ASA (the "Arranger") to advise the Company and arrange the debt restructuring and interim financing being proposed by the Company for approval in the meeting of Bondholders, as such proposal is further described below.
2. Background and Company Update
The Company has provided a ll Information in the Summons, the Company Update and in respect o f the operational and financial status o f the Company and related matters. The Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any and a ll liability whatsoever in connection with such information.
The Company has provided more detailed information on its prospects, financial condition and operations in its Half-Year Report, dated 27 August 2009 (the "Company Update"), attached hereto as Exhibit 2 and in the Company Update.

MAILING ADDRESS © P.O.BOX I 47O VIKA,

OSLO

LOCATION ® HAAKON V II GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone © +47 22 87 94 00 fax © +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail © mail@trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .rn.istee.no
Page 2 o f 9
The Arranger has prepared an assessment (the "Arranger's Assessment") of the Company and the debt restructuring and interim financing proposal (the "Proposal") set forth in the Summons, such assessment attached hereto as Exhibit 3. The Arranger has recommended to the Company the debt to equity conversion values set forth in the Summons, and these values are more particularly explained in the Arranger's Assessment.
Bondholders are strongly advised to read the Summons, the Half-Year Report, the Company Update and the Arranger's Assessment.
3. Bond Restructuring Proposal
The Company's Board of Directors proposes the following debt restructuring of the Company.
3.1 Bond Restructuring - Early redemption or Conversion to Shares
The Company proposes the following two alternatives to each Bondholder:
A. Bond Conversion
a. Accept to convert Bonds to new Shares to be issued by the Company (the "Bond Conversion") in an amount equal to 53 % of the aggregate amount of the par value of its Bonds plus accrued interest up to and including the Calculation Date (expressed in an amount In NOK calculated at the Exchange Rate), corresponding to an aggregate equity value, after completion of the conversion, of up to approximately NOK 269 million (each $100,000 in par value of Bond will be converted into 608,948 new shares in the Company -at an approximate subscription price of NOK 0.52 per share). For the avoidance of doubt, accrued unpaid interest will also be converted to Shares; AND
b. agree that its Warrants become null and void as of the Shareholders Approval Date (as defined in paragraph 3.2(b) below) and that they will have no right to any further compensation in respect of such Warrants.
OR
B. Cash Redemption
Accept an early redemption of its Bonds for a cash payment of 45 % of the aggregate amount of the par value of its Bonds plus accrued interest up to and including the Calculation Date (expressed in an amount In NOK calculated at the Exchange Rate), corresponding to an aggregate amount of the total Bond Issue of up to approximately NOK 225 million (the "Cash Redemption," and together with the Bond Conversion, the "Bond Restructuring") For the avoidance of doubt, only 45 % of the accrued unpaid interest will be paid.

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w ww.m isree.no
Page 3 of 9
The Cash Redemption at 45 % described in (B) above wii! be decided upon in the Bondholders' meeting and represents the fallback solution for any Bondholder that does not opt for alternative (A).
Bondholders deemed to have elected the Cash Redemption offer wiii also be invited to agree that their Warrants become null and void as of the Shareholders Approval Date (as defined in paragraph 3.2(b) below) and that they wit! have no right to any further compensation in respect of such Warrants.
The Company expects: (i) the Bond Conversion to occur on or about 22 October 2009, but not later than 30 October 2009, and (ii) the cash payment to the Bondholders that eiect, or are deemed to have elected the Cash Redemption to be made on or about 28 October 2009, but not later than 6 November 2009.
3.2 Conditions and Provisions to the Bond Restructuring
The Bond Restructuring is subject to the following additional conditions and provisions:
a. The Company will raise up to approximately NOK 88 million (equivalent to the maximum cash amount needed to complete the Cash Redemption) of paid"in capital through the issuance to Umoe AS ("Umoe") of zero (0) to 201 million new ordinary shares with a nominal value of NOK 0.25 per share (the "Redemption Issue"). Umoe, as bondholder, has undertaken, subject to the approval of its board of directors, to accept the Bond Conversion offer, thereby reducing the amount of cash the Company wiii require to satisfy Bondholders electing the Cash Redemption offer. The price per share to be paid for shares issued in the Redemption Issue will be set when the total subscription amount needed to complete the Cash Redemption is known. Subject to the terms of a final subscription agreement (the "Subscription Agreement"), Umoe has pursuant to an undertaking dated 30 September 2009 (the "Umoe Undertaking") agreed with the Company to subscribe for the Redemption Issue. A copy of the executed Umoe Undertaking signed by Umoe is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.
b. The Bond Conversion, the Shareholder Loans Conversion, as further described below in paragraph 4 {Shareholder Loans Conversion - Conversion o f Shareholder Loans into Shares), and the Redemption issue will occur upon the date of approval (if any) by the Company's shareholders in a duly convened meeting (the date of any such approval, the "Shareholders Approval Date").

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. trustee, no
Page 4 of 9
c. Upon the Sharehofders Approval Date, (i) Umoe (as bondholder and underwriter of the Redemption issue), Umoe invest AS ("Umoe Invest") (as Sender of the Shareholder Loans), and the other Bondholders which elect the Bond Conversion offer are expected to hold, collectively, 90% of the outstanding share capital of the Company regardless of the number of Bondholders which elect Cash Redemption, and (ii) the shareholders of the Company as of the day immediately prior to the Shareholders Approval Date (the "Existing Shareholders") (including Umoe and Umoe Invest to the extent of their then shareholdings in the Company) will hold 10% of the outstanding share capital of the Company.
d. The Company will offer to: (i) the Existing Shareholders that were not included in the Redemption issue, and (ii) those Warrantholders holding the Detached Warrants (as defined below), to subscribe for further shares in the Company in order to maintain their relative ownership in the Company (the "Repair Issue") following the private placement of shares to Umoe in the Redemption Issue. In the Repair Issue, the Company plans to raise from nil to approximately NOK 15 million of paid-in capital through the issuance of zero (0) to 35 million new ordinary shares with a nominal value of NOK 0.25 per share. The actual number of shares to be offered in the Repair Issue and the subscription price for such shares will be determined by the Board of Directors upon the recommendation of the Company's advisors based on the number of shares issued and subscription share price of the Redemption Issue. Upon completion of the Repair Issue, the relative shareholdings in the Company of the Bondholders which elect the Bond Conversion offer wiil depend on the number of the Company's Existing Shareholders and Warrantholders holding Detached Warrants that participate in the Repair Issue.
e. The Bond Restructuring, the Shareholder Loans Conversion, the Redemption Issue and the Repair Issue (collectively, the "Debt Restructuring") are all subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company in a duly convened meeting, which is scheduled to be held no later than 30 October 2009. In addition, (i) the Shareholders Loans Conversion (and related subscription agreement) is subject to the approval of the board of directors of Umoe Invest, and (ii) the acceptance by Umoe of the Bond Conversion offer in respect of its Borrower's Bonds and the Redemption Issue (and related subscription agreement) are subject to the approval of the board of directors of Umoe, such meetings to be held no later than 20 October 2009. in the event that any of: (I) the boards of directors of Umoe Invest or Umoe, or (ii) the meeting of the shareholders of the Company, fail to approve the relevant matters, then none of the Debt Restructuring will be implemented.
g. The Company will enter into an agreement (the "Warrants Agreement") with the Loan Trustee, for itself and on behalf of the Warrantholders that hold Warrants outstanding after the completion of the Debt Restructuring, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of itself and such Warrantholders), setting forth the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement that apply to the such outstanding Warrants.

0

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

WMTW. ITUS tee. 110

Page 5 o f 9

h. Subject to the terms of a final subscription agreement (the "Debt Restructuring Subscription Agreement"), Umoe invest has pursuant to the Umoe Undertaking agreed with the Company to subscribe to up to approximately 375 million new ordinary shares with a nominal value of NOK 0.25 per share. Subject to the terms of the Debt Restructuring Subscription Agreement, Umoe invest will agree to subscribe for such new shares in the Company by assigning its ioan receivables in respect of the Shareholder Loans to the Company plus accrued interest up to and including the Calculation Date (expressed in an amount in NOK calculated at the Exchange Rate) as payment in-kind for such new shares in ah amount equal to 53% of the' nominal value of the Shareholder Loans. This transaction corresponds to an aggregate equity value, after completion of the Debt Restructuring, of approximately NOK 194 million. A copy of the executed Umoe Undertaking signed by Umoe Invest is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.

h. All amounts payable or to be paid in connection with the Debt Restructuring are denominated in Norwegian kroner, notwithstanding the obligations of the Company to the Bondholders under the Loan Agreement are denominated in US dollars. For ail calculations in the Summons, the exchange rates published by the European Central Bank on 29 September 2009 (the "Calculation Date") have been used, giving a USD/NOK exchange rate of USD1 / NOK 5.85264 (the "Exchange Rate"). For all purposes of the Summons and the Proposal, any amounts denominated in US dollars have been converted from US dollars into Norwegian kroner at the Exchange Rate. The Exchange Rate shall be binding on the Company, the Loan Trustee, and the Bondholders for all actions described in the Summons and any subsequent actions required to complete the Proposal.
4. Waivers and Agreements Required for the Interim Financing
4.1 Waiver of Maturity Date Requirement
The Company will borrow interim financing (the "interim Financing") of up to NOK 30 million from its major shareholder, Umoe, in the aggregate amount of NOK 30 million, in one or more advances at an interest rate of 13.56% per annum for a term of six months to finance its on-going operations.
Pursuant to Clause 16.2(h)(ii) of the Loan Agreement, the Company is not entitled to incur additional indebtedness unless such indebtedness shall, among other conditions, mature no earlier than two months after the Maturity Date, or 7 August 2012 (the "Maturity Date Requirement").
The Company proposes that the Bondholders agree to waive the Maturity Date Requirement in respect of the Interim Financing to permit the Borrower to obligate itself to repay the'Interim Financing on or about 9 April 2010.

e © NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA www.tnistree.no
Page 6 o f 9
4.2 Priority Repayment of the Interim Financing
The availability of the Interim Financing will be subject to a condition precedent, among others, that the repayment of the Interim Financing will rank in bankruptcy in priority senior to both the Bond and to certain loans in an aggregate principal amount of NOK 325 million (the "Shareholder Loans'1) previously extended by Umoe Invest to the Company's operating subsidiary in Brazil.
Pursuant to Clause 8.1 of the Loan Agreement, the Bond shall rank pari passu with ail other senior obligations of the Borrower other than obligations mandatorily preferred by law (the "Pari Passu Requirement").
Pursuant to Clause 8.2 of the Loan Agreement, the Bond shall be secured by various mortgages, pledges, and other security interests in and to assets of the Group (the "Security Requirement").
The Company proposes that the Bondholders agree to waive the Pari Passu Requirement and the Security Requirement in respect of the interim Financing to the extent required to: (i) permit the Borrower to enter into an agreement with Umoe to obtain the Interim Financing, and (ii) authorize the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into an intercreditor agreement (the "Intercreditor Agreement") with Umoe (as lender of the interim Financing) and Umoe Invest (as provider of the Shareholder Loans), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Umoe and the Loan Trustee, providing for the Interim Financing to be repaid in full prior to the Bond and the Shareholder Loans in the event of the Company's bankruptcy. The priority in repayment of the interim Financing will terminate upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the date of the meeting of the shareholders of the Company to consider the approval of the Proposat, and (ii) 30 October 2009.
For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid will imply that the Loan and Shareholders Loans will, on a pro rata basis, turn over any proceeds recovered under their relevant loan agreements and security documents until the Interim Financing is repaid in full. Since the interim Financing will be unsecured, this further implies that the Loan will be unsecured for an amount equal to the outstanding under the Interim Financing, or in respect any proceeds from a security document, written off and discharged.
6. Acceptance by Certain Bondholders
The Company has informed the Loan Trustee that it has held detailed discussions and negotiations with Bondholders, representing more than 2/3 of the outstanding voting Bonds (please note, "voting Bonds" does not include the Bonds held by Umoe as bondholder), all of whom have given their commitment to the Company to support the approval of the Proposal as set forth in paragraph 3 {Detailed Proposal}, Certain of these Bondholders, representing approximately 2/3 of the outstanding voting Bonds, have also agreed with the Company that they will elect the Cash Redemption offer.
Please find attached the Conversion Offer as Exhibit 5 hereto, the Acceptance Form as Exhibit 6 heroto, and the Waiver of Warrant Rights as Exhibit 7 hereto.

© NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www, misrec.no
Page 7 o f 9

7. Evaluation of the Financing Plan

7.1 The Company's evaluation

The Company proposes Bondholders approve the Financing Plan, being the best achievable plan to ensure the Company continues as an on-going enterprise and Bondholders ultimately recover the maximum amount of their investment in the Bonds.

Bondholders are referred again to the Arranger's Assessment for a more detailed discussion of the Company's financial condition and an assessment of the Financing Plan. For further questions on the Arranger's Assessment, please kindly contact Tom Hestnes or Kim Galtung Dosvig of Arctic Securities ASA at +47 21 01 31 00.

7.2 The Loan Trustee's evaluation

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable.

It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with their own advisors to evaluate the consequences of the Proposal.

The Loan Trustee also points out that the Company presented the Proposal to the Loan Trustee and the Loan Trustee has not been involved in negotiations or had any influence on the Proposal.

8. Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

19 October at 10:00 a.m. hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gate 1, 01061 Oslo - 71hfloor

The agenda for the Bondholders' meeting is as follows:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request to change the Loan Agreement and approve a debt restructuring and
interim financing as follows:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
The Bondholders ' meeting approves the Proposal as described in paragraph 3.1} subject to the conditions set out in paragraph 3.2, and the waivers and other agreements in respect o f the Interim Financing as set forth in paragraph 4, in the summons to this Bondholders *meeting.

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA www.rru.stce,no
Page 8 of 9
The Bondholders irrevocably grant the Loan Trustee a power o f attorney, to make the amendments to the Loan Agreement necessary to implement the resolutions set out above on their behalfupon satisfaction o f the conditions precedent. The power o f attorney granted to the Loan Trustee includes the entering into o f any agreements, including but not limited to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Warrants Agreement; deemed necessary by the Loan Trustee in connection with implementation o f the decisions made by the Bondholders' meeting, as well as any other action deemed necessary in order to accomplish the intention o f the. Proposal and other matters approved by Bondholders. The Loan Trustee is also granted the authority, on behalf o f the Bondholders, to agree to any minor adjustments to the Proposal and the conditions precedentfo r the Proposal
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the Financing Plan is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondhoiding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting, (if the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorize the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Loan Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Loan Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy,.as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.misi-ee.no
Page 9 o f 9
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders1meeting, either in person or by proxy to a person other than to the Loan Trustee, notify the Loan Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Exhibit 1 - Company Update Exhibit 2 - Half Yearly Report Exhibit 3 - Arranger's Assessment Exhibit 4 - Umoe Undertaking Exhibit 5 - Conversion Offer Exhibit 6 - Acceptance Form Exhibit 7 - Waiver of Warrant Rights
Enclosed: Bondholder Form

Dioenergy.

EXHIBIT 1

Company Update
The Company has provided a ll the following information, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any and a ll liability whatsoever for the accuracy or completeness o f such information.
In t r o d u c t io n
Since the publication of the Company's half-year report on 27 August 2009, the Company has been evaluating the options available to address the Company's challenging financial situation. The Company currently faces severe liquidity problems and expects that it will not be able to meet its ongoing financial obligations beginning in mid-October, 2009. The Company's Board of Directors therefore proposes a plan to restructure the debt financing of the Company and to obtain interim working capital financing.
Given the urgent need to reduce the Company's debt burden and that new equity in the opinion of the Company's board and advisors cannot be raised in the capital markets within an acceptable timeframe, the Company has decided to implement a restructuring of existing debt through a debt write-down combined with a conversion into equity or cash repayment, and with funding of the repayment by new equity subscribed by existing shareholders. The debt restructuring is further described below.
Climatic conditions in Brazil in September of 2009 have resulted in reduced cashflow due to lower operational utilization compared with the expectations that formed the basis for the half-year report. For a further discussion of the Company's financial position and prospects, we refer to the Arranger's Assessment from Arctic Securities ASA dated October 2009. There have been no other material operational or financial developments since the half-year report was issued.
This update refers to the loan agreement, dated 6 June 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") between the Company and the Loan Trustee, acting in its own capacity and on behalf of the Bondholders and Warrantholders in the issue of the Bond.
Background
During the period from November 2008 until August 2009, the Umoe BioEnergy ASA group of companies obtained from Umoe Invest debt financing in addition to the Bond through its indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, Destilaria Paranapanema ("DP"), in the form of shareholder loans (the "Shareholder Loans") in the aggregate principal amount of NOK 325 million. DP used the Shareholder Loans to make capital expenditures and to meet working capital financing requirements incurred during that period of time. These loans constitute Sugar Cane Indebtedness, as that term is defined in the loan agreement, and are secured by liens over DP's sugar cane crop. Umoe Invest has informed the Company that Umoe Invest will no longer provide such loans to DP. The Company has therefore retained Arctic Securities ASA as its advisor to consider restructuring the Company's debt and to pursue alternate means to address the Company's future financing requirements.
As of the date of the Summons, Umoe Invest AS ("Umoe Invest") and its affiliated company, Umoe AS ("Umoe"), control 85.6% of the outstanding share capital of the Company.

h 1U 6308 VI 08.10.09 505936-001

Page 2 o f ^

As of the 29 September 2009, the outstanding amounts and accrued interest of the Bonds and Shareholder Loans were as follows:

Bonds:

NOK 500.5 million (including accrued interest of NOK 3.0 million)

Shareholder Loans: NOK 362.4 million (including accrued interest of NOK 37.4 million)

Total

NOK 862.9 million

Debt Restructuring and interim Financing Proposal

The Company's Board of Directors has approved a proposal that the Company do the following:

a. restructure the Bonds by offering to either convert the Bonds into share capital of the Company or redeem the Bonds early for cash payment, in each case at a discount to par value;

b. restructure the Shareholder Loans by accepting the assignment of the receivables of the Shareholder Loans as payment in-kind for new shares of the Company, at the same discount to nominal loan receivables value as is being offered to Bondholders in respect of the conversion of the Bonds; and

c.

obtain interim debt financing of up to NOK 30 million through a loan to be

extended by Umoe to the Company, such loan to have priority for payment to

the Bonds and the Shareholder Loans in bankruptcy.

For the avoidance of doubt, all creditors of the Company and the Company's subsidiaries (including trade creditors, lessors, Brazilian lenders and contingent creditors) other than Umoe Invest (as lender of the Shareholder Loans) and the Bondholders will be unaffected and unimpaired by the debt restructuring.

The Company recognizes that the debt restructuring could take several weeks, or longer, to complete. The Company expects that it will require additional funds in the amount of up to NOK 30 million to sustain its on-going operations during the time required to complete the debt restructuring. Subject to the terms of a final interim financing agreement, Umoe has pursuant to an undertaking dated 30 September 2009 agreed to extend a loan to the Company to finance its on-going operations, provided such loan will have priority for payment to the Bonds and the Shareholder Loans in bankruptcy. Such loan will be for an aggregate amount of NOK 30 million, to be extended in one or more advances at an interest rate of 13.56% per annum for a term of six months.

Future Financing Requirements of the Company
The Company's Board of Director considers that a substantial amount of capital is needed in the near and mid-term to meet the expected capital expenditures and working capital requirements of the Company. The Arranger estimates that the Company will need approximately NOK 250 million of additional funding through the end of the Company's financial year 2010. The Company anticipates addressing in detail its near to mid-term funding needs following the completion of the debt restructuring. Bondholders electing to convert their Bonds into equity will need to be prepared to participate in any such equity funding raising effort on a pro rata basis. Bondholders are again advised to read the Arranger's Assessment for more information regarding these matters.

L jm 9 3 4 _ V ) 08.10.09 505936-001

EXHIBIT 2
Report First Half 2009
Umoe BioEnergy ASA
umoeibioenergy.

2 UMOE BIOENERGY ASA FIRST HALF 2009
Highlights
« The financial result fo r Umoe BioEnergy ASA and its Brazilian operations after first six months o f 2009 was poor and the company is reporting a negative EBITDA and cash flo w from operation.
· The crop season started 26th o f March. 30 % o f the cane in the field was leftover cane fro m previous season, which were not harvested due to late com pletion and start up o f the industrial units.
« The leftover cane w ith its poor quality represented a challenge fo r harvesting and brought w ith it a large amount o f both vegetal and mineral impurities distorting productivity and conversion efficiency in the industrial process.
» The volume o f ethanol produced so far is ciearly lower than plans and expectations due to a number of factors both on the agricultural and th e industrial side o f the operation.
® Industrial Unit 1 showed stable crushing performance but a few technical incidents occurred w ith negative effects on extraction ratio.
® Industrial Unit 2 continued technical ramp up and tuning during April-June and several technical deficiencies and incidents w ere interrupting and delaying full production. On 18th July the Unit 2 achieved the contractual performance test requirements and production is getting closer to stable design capacity.
« The company has a dispute w ith th e consortium about several issues, including final payment, related to the construction o f Unit 2, Negotiations are ongoing in an a ttem pt to settle these matters.
® Both industrial units have fo r th e tim e being operational licenses and operate in compliance w ith law and regulations. However, an additional operational step up license fo r Unit 2 is needed to utilize th e full capacity for the rest o f 2009.
® In late June and first part o f July, Sao Paulo state and our region experienced record am ount o f rain. The heavy rain and the follow ing dry up period hindered harvesting and caused significant production delays, dilution o f sugar levels in the crop and lower industrial efficiency due to increased impurities.
· The market fo r ethanoi in Brazil was very depressed in the first half year and it seems to continue in to the autumn. The ethanol price is still volatile at a low level.
· The company's liquidity position is stressed and this is expected to continue. In addition the company will require additional financing and/or capital going forward, both for working capital and for mandatory and key investments like a m inim um Cogen facility.
® The debt market is still challenging and Umoe Group as th e main stakeholder in th e company has signalled that no more shareholder loans can be expected. Based on this the Board o f Directors have initiated a process fo r a restructuring o f th e balance sheet o f the company and Arctic Securities has been appointed as advisor.
« Based on the financial performance so fa r and taking the medium term outlook into consideration, a substantial w rite down of the book value o f the company's assets may be expected. This w ill be resolved by the Board of Directors as soon as the inform ation needed is sufficiently analyzed.

3 UMOE BIOENERGY ASA FIRST HALF YEAR 2009

Key Financials (unaudited) The financial result fo r Umoe BioEnergy ASA and its Brazilian operations after first six months o f 2009 is poor. This is mainly due to significantly lower than planned revenues caused by lower volume and lower than expected market price for ethanol. The company also currently has higher costs than industry average.
Umoe BioEnergy ASA reported net revenue o f NOK 118.7 million in the first half 2009.
EBITDA was negative w ith NOK 32.6 m illion and EBIT was negative NOK 109.0 m illion.
Net ordinary result was negative w ith NOK 143.4 m illio n .
The Board o f Directors have initiated a fast track process to develop and execute a concrete improvement program w ith the aim to get to average industry operational performance during the 2010 crop season. In addition the company has started a program to reduce both indirect and direct cost. Finally th e Board o f Directors have initiated a process to restructure the company's balance sheet and Arctic Securities has been appointed as advisor.
Operation The company has secured 33.000 ha o f land of which currently about 29.000 ha is planted w ith sugar cane. Due to liquidity constraints the planting o f 4.000 ha has been w ithheld. For the company to be optim ally positioned to feed 100% o f its industrial capacity, this area should have been planted in first half o f 2009. The company will therefore not be able to supply sugar cane from own plantations to achieve full capacity utilisation in 2010.
The agricultural operations have been challenged w ith around 30 %sugar cane left over from the previous harvest season due to late com pletion and start up o f industrial units. To get rid o f this and to safeguard th e roots o f these canes the units have been fed by a mix of this leftover cane (+80%) w ith normal and good quality cane (20%). The leftover cane is of variable quality and its poor condition has impacted th e operations negatively in several ways. The mechanical harvesting goes slower and to be able to harvest the same tons per day, more than

200 manual cane cutters have been tem porarily employed.
This cane also contains a large am ount o f vegetal im purities and infections, causing need fo r more input o f antibiotics in the industrial process. The harvesting is d ifficu lt due to poor visibility and mineral im purities are brought w ith it, causing significant pollution in the industrial process and equipment. Together the large am ount of im purities has led to slower and reduced conversion results. All th e leftover cane w ill be harvested by early September.
The industrial operation is based on tw o mills in the same area, Unit 1 and Unit 2. Unit 1 has an installed crushing capacity o f 1.0 m illion to n o f cane per harvest year, and Unit 2 has 1.9 m illion tons capacity. Industrial Unit 1 showed stable crushing performance but had a few technical incidents w ith negative effects on extraction ratio.
Industrial Unit 2 continued technical ramp up and tuning during April-June and several technical deficiencies and incidents were interrupting and delaying full production. On 18th July th e Unit achieved the contractual performance test requirements.
The company has a dispute w ith th e consortium about several issues, including final payment, related to the construction o f Unit 2. Negotiations are ongoing in an a ttem pt to settle these matters.
Both industrial units have for the tim e being operational licenses and operate in compliance w ith law and regulations. However, an additional operational step up license fo r Unit 2 is needed to utilize the full capacity for the rest o f 2009.
The company has been selling all its production o f 59.000 m3 of hydrous ethanol and do not currently hold any stock. Deliveries are done according to three delivery contracts w ith Sparanga and Petrobras, which are all based on actual Esalc price index on day o f delivery. The company has so far not been able to deliver the contracted volumes in tim e, and has renegotiated delivery schedules several times, it is expected th a t the company will be able to comply w ith revised schedules in the second half o f this year.
Market
A fter a spike up in price during January, the price started already in February to fall significantly and bottom ed o u t at very low levels in April-June. The

4 UMOE BIOENERGY ASA FIRST HALF YEAR 2009

price net o f tax was as Sow as BRL 550/m 3, while the industry's average cost o f production is BRL 750/m 3 (ref. UNICA). The low price was a consequence of a supply overhang spurred by lower export demand from US, the financial crisis and the liquidity pressure on companies increasingly moving into financial distress from m aturing debt and short term credits. In addition the higher sugar prices created margin calls on sugar forward contract and many producers had to sell all th e ir ethanol stock and production to service such obligations.
increased domestic demand contributed to some tightening during June and the net price climbed back to levels between BRL 700-720/m3. The heavy rain in June and July distorted production and the market tightness in second semester is apparent.
Balance sheet
The company's consolidated balance sheet per 30th June 2009 was NOK 1 996 mill. The to ta l debt was N O K 1 064 mill, including a bond loan o f NOK 548 mill and shareholder loans from the Umoe group totalling NOK 300 mill.
The company's liquidity is stressed. Umoe BioEnergy ASA w ill require additional financing and/or capital going forward, both for working capital and fo r mandatory and key investments like a m inim um Cogen facility.
The debt m arket is still challenging and Umoe Group, the main stakeholder in Umoe BioEnergy ASA, has signalled th a t no more shareholder loans can be expected. Based on this the Board of Directors have initiated a process to restructure the balance sheet o f the company and Arctic Securities has been appointed as advisor.
Based on the financial performance so far and especially taking the medium term outlook into consideration, a substantial w rite down o f the book value o f the company's operating assets may be expected. This w ill be resolved by the Board o f Directors as soon as the inform ation needed is sufficiently analyzed.

Corporate The company employed 2 041 persons per 30th o f June 2009. This is about 200 more than planned and is represented by short term hiring o f manual cane cutters needed to manage the leftover cane. These "extra" employees w ill leave during September.
In February the company relocated the head office from Ribeirao Preto to the city o f Sao Paulo and moved a number o f back office and support functions to a new office in the city of Presidente Prudente.
Outlook After a challenging ramp up o f the company, the produced volume o f ethanol is currently at a disappointing low level. The Board o f Directors expect that it will take tim e to bring the operational performance to industry average. The ethanol price is expected to remain volatile at a low level fo r a period ahead. There is still a need fo r investments in working capital and fo r key mandatory investments in a situation where the company's liquidity is stressed.
AH in all, the short and medium term outlook fo r operational and financial performance of Umoe BioEnergy ASA is not satisfactory. The stressed liquidity position o f the company w ill continue short term and may worsen in the months to come. The Board o f Directors have therefore initiated a fast track operational improvement program and a process to restructure the company's balance sheet. Subject to a successful execution o f these activities, the board believes th a t th a t company longer term gradually can w ork its way o u t o f the present unfavourable situation.
Fornebu, Norway 27st August 2009
Board of Directors

5 UMOE BIOENERGY ASA FIRST HALF YEAR 2009
Umoe BioEnergy ASA
Oslo, Norway office Fornebuveien 84 N-1324 Lysaker Postal adress: PO Box 60 N.1324 Lysaker S io Paulo, Brazil office Rua das Olimpiadas, 242 - 6th. floor Vila Olimpia ~ SSo Paulo / SP ZIP 04551-000
About Umoe BioEnergy Umoe BioEnergy ASA aims to be a producer of low cost, sustainable bioethanol from sugar cane with land and integrated agroindustrial operations in Paranapanema region of the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil. The production environment is unique, with vast available land areas, rich natural resources and a weii established industry. Umoe BioEnergy has 33,000 ha of arable land reserves, state-of-the art, highly mechanized agricultural operations, and two industrial production sites with a capacity to produce 250,000 m3 of hydrous ethanol per year. The company empioys more than 2,000 people and has a management with agroindustrial competence and strong focus on environmental and social responsibility. Umoe BioEnergy's strategy is to become a leading production company for ethanol and clean electricity, and to build a strong position towards major domestic and international buyers, supported by long term and active owners.
umoeiofoenefoy«

umoeidioenergy»
Summons to Bondholders' Meetings - Exhibit 3 Arranger's Assessment

October 2009

# - , ,i
#
. A R C T I C S E C U R IT I ES
##

Important information
& THIS ASSESSMENT (THE "PRESENTATION ") HAS BEEN PREPARED BY ARCTIC SECURITIES ASA ("ARCTIC" OR THE "ADVISOR / MANAGER") IN CONNECTION WITH A POTENTIAL FINANCIAL RESTRUCTURING OF UMOE BIOENERGY ASA ("UBIOE" OR THE "COMPANY"). ARCTIC IS REGULATED BY THE NORWEGIAN FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY ("KREDITTILSYNET"), THIS PRESENTATION HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR REGISTERED WITH ANY PUBLIC AUTHORITY OR STOCK EXCHANGE. RECIPIENTS OF THIS PRESENTATION MAY NOT REPRODUCE, REDISTRIBUTE OR PASS ON, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE PRESENTATION TO ANY OTHER PERSON WHITOUT THE ADVISOR'S EXPLICIT APPROVAL.
· NEITHER UBIOE NOR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS HAS ASSISTED WITH OR OTHERWISE BEEN INVOLVED IN THE PREPARATION OF THE PRESENTATION AND NEITHER UBIOE NOR ANY OF STS DIRECTORS OR OFFICERS ASSUMES ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OF THIS ASSESSMENT OR THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION OR PROJECTIONS INCLUDED HEREIN. UBIOE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO ANY INFORMATION OR PROJECTIONS INCLUDED IN THE PRESENTATION.
· THERE MAY HAVE BEEN CHANGES IN MATTERS WHICH AFFECT THE COMPANY SUBSEQUENT TO THE DATE OF THIS PRESENTATION. NEITHER THE ISSUE NOR DELIVERY OF THIS PRESENTATION SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE CREATE ANY IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF ANY TIME SUBSEQUENT TO THE DATE HEREOF OR THAT THE AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY HAVE NOT SINCE CHANGED, AND THE ADVISOR DOES NOT INTEND, AND DOES NOT ASSUME ANY OBLIGATION, TO UPDATE OR CORRECT ANY INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS PRESENTATION.
ft THIS PRESENTATION INCLUDES AND IS BASED ON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND STATEMENTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WITH RESPECT TO THE FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULT OF OPERATIONS AND BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY. SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON ASSUMPTIONS BASED ON INFORMATION PUBLICLY AVAILABLE TO THE ADVISOR. SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND STATEMENTS REFLECT THE ADVISOR'S CURRENT VIEWS WITH RESPECT TO FUTURE EVENTS AND ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES, ASSUMPTIONS AND OTHER FACTORS WHICH MAY CAUSE THE ACTUAL RESULTS, ACTIONS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COMPANY TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS OR PERFORMANCE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY SUCH FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS. HENCE, THE ADVISOR CANNOT GIVE ANY ASSURANCE AS TO THE CORRECTNESS OF SUCH INFORMATION AND STATEMENTS.
· AN INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY INVOLVES RISK, AND SEVERAL FACTORS COULD CAUSE THE ACTUAL RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS THAT MAY BE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION IN THIS PRESENTATION, INCLUDING, AMONG OTHERS, RISKS OR UNCERTAINTIES ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS, DEVELOPMENT, GROWTH MANAGEMENT, FINANCING, MARKET ACCEPTANCE AND RELATIONS WITH SUPPLIERS, CUSTOMERS AND AUTHORITIES, AND, MORE GENERALLY, GENERAL ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS CONDITIONS, CHANGES IN DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN LAWS AND REGULATIONS, TAXES, CHANGES IN COMPETITION AND PRICING ENVIRONMENTS, FLUCTUATIONS IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES AND INTEREST RATES AS WELL AS OTHER FACTORS. SHOULD ONE OR MORE OF THESE RISKS OR UNCERTAINTIES MATERIALISE, OR SHOULD UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS PROVE INCORRECT, ACTUAL RESULTS MAY VARY MATERIALLY FROM THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT.
© THE CONTENTS OF THIS PRESENTATION ARE NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS LEGAL, BUSINESS, INVESTMENT, AND/OR TAX ADVICE. EACH RECIPIENT SHOULD CONSULT WITH ITS OWN LEGAL, BUSINESS, INVESTMENT, AND TAX ADVISORS FOR LEGAL, BUSINESS, INVESTMENT AND TAX ADVICE RELEVANT TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY,
· ARCTIC IS ACTING AS FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO THE COMPANY. HOWEVER, THE ADVISOR MAKES NO UNDERTAKING, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION (WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL AND WHETHER INCLUDED IN THIS PRESENTATION OR ELSEWHERE), CONCERNING THE COMPANY OR THE OTHER MATTERTS DESCRIBED HEREIN WHETHER SUCH INFORMATION WAS RECEIVED THROUGH THE ADVISOR OR OTHERWISE. THE ADVISOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATTERS DESCRIBED HEREIN.
« THIS PRESENTATION IS SUBJECT TO NORWEGIAN LAW, AND ANY DISPUTE ARISING IN RESPECT OF THIS PRESENTATION IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF NORWEGIAN COURTS WITH OSLO CITY COURT AS EXCLUSIVE VENUE.

Agenda

introduction

3

Umoe Bioenergy trading update

6

Business plan overview

12

Bondholder considerations

21

A R CTI C SECURiTi ES

3

Background

· Arctic Securities {''Arctic" ) has been engaged by the Board of Directors of Umoe Bioenergy ASA (" UBIOE" or the "Company" ) with the purpose of assessing, advising upon and implementing a financial solution that w ill solve the Company's short term liquidity shortfall as well as securing a longer term viable financial platform

ARCTIC SECURITIES

> Arctic's objective is to preserve and protect stakeholder value through:
® A thorough botto m -u p fin a n c ia l analysis # Discussion and negotiation w ith stakeholders (shareholders and lenders) on a lte rn a tive balance sheet
measures to find a financial solution # Restructuring the balance sheet and raising the required capital
« The financial analysis calls for a substantial balance sheet restructuring
# Short term liq u id ity is d e te rio ra tin g - cash position w ill be negative prim o O ctober 2009 m EBITDA expected to be positive in 2010, b u t cash flo w negative through 2012 # UBIOE cannot service d ebt cost, nor d ebt repaym ent as they fa ll due, both short te rm and Long te rm ® Additional funding and working capital needed # An asset sate is not considered an attractive option for stakeholders given the potential low price achieved in
a distressed situation and timeline to closure
® UBIOE lenders at risk are:
# Umoe Invest AS (" Umoe" ) - several short te rm (6 months) shareholder loans. NOK362.4m (USD 61.9m) including accrued in te re s t. Pledge in cro p /ca n e
# Umoe Bioenergy ASA 10% Jun12 bond loan. USD85.5m including accrued interest. Pledge in production fa cilitie s. Coupon paym ent was made on 7 September
4

Situation update
# Despite operational optimisation efforts and initiated efficiency measures, UBIOE's cash position is very limited and is expected to be negative prime October 2009
# We have been informed that Umoe w ill claim payments of the shareholder loans as they fall due, but have as part of finding a viable financial solution for all stakeholders waived the primo September maturity to 14 October 2009
# If the Company moves into an insolvency situation and proceeds into a bankruptcy, our preliminary assessment is that the equity and a substantial part of the debt appears to be lost
® Holding com pany registered in Norway and operating com pany registered in Brazil com plicates this process
# M anagem ent are preparing for Chapter 11 proceedings - costly and takes time
6» The Board of UMOE Bioenergy ASA has received a letter from the Board of Destilaria Paranapanema SA detailing the urgency and seriousness of the current situation
# The company has no debt service capability and there are currently no assets available to be utilized as collateral for any further indebtedness, hence a restructuring, with the purpose of releasing available pledges, is imperative in order for further debt (potentially in combination with equity) to be provided
# Attracting capital from external investors is very challenging given the status of the company and requirement on business and financial due diligence. Additional funding must be raised from current stakeholders
# Umoe has written down its shareholding position in UBIOE to NOK 1 per share (originally NOK 13 per share) to better reflect the true economic value of its position (approx NOK 1bn written down)
m An asset sale process has been assessed but given the timeline, the price in a distressed financial situation and immediate liquidity shortfall it is not an option

A R C T I C SECURITI £S

5

Agenda
Introduction Business plan overview Bondholder considerations
A R C T I C S ECU R fTf ES

Adverse recent market trends/themes

# %,

. ·«*,' A B C n C. SECURiT! ES

Source: Broker notes, Bloomberg, Reuters

7

...negatively effecting UBIOE and putting the company into distress...

# Poor trading update:
# The financial result for Umoe BioEnergy ASA and its Brazilian operations after first six months of 2009 was poor and the company is reporting a negative EBITDA and cash flow from operation
# The volume of ethanol produced so far is dearly lower than plans and expectations due to a number of factors both on the agricultural and the industrial side of the operation
# Both industrial units have for the time being operational licenses and operate in compliance with law and regulations. However, an additional operational step up license for Unit 2 is needed to utilize the full capacity for the rest of 2009
# In late June and first part of July, Sao Paulo state and the region experienced record amount of rain. The heavy rain and the following dry up period hindered harvesting and caused significant production delays, dilution of sugar levels in the crop and lower industrial efficiency due to increased impurities
# Depressed market for ethanol:
# The market for ethanol in Brazil was very depressed in the first half year and it seems to continue into the autumn. The ethanol price is still volatile at a low level
# Liquidity position not satisfactory:
# The company's liquidity position is stressed and this is expected to continue. In addition the company will require additional financing and/or capital going forward, both for working capital and for mandatory and key investments like a minimum Cogen facility
# Restructuring of balance sheet imminent:
# The debt market is still challenging and Umoe Group as the main stakeholder in the company has signalled that no more shareholder loans can be expected. Based on this the Board of Directors have initiated a process for a restructuring of the balance sheet of the company and Arctic Securities has been appointed as advisor
« Based on the financial performance so far and taking the medium term outlook into consideration, a substantial write down of the book value of the company's assets may be expected

Source: Company information

8

...reflecting a declining share price on insignifcant low volumes
Umoe has written down its shareholding position to NOK 1 per share (originally NOK 13 per share)

l l l f W W B W W t t B S iarket data

Share price 09-Sep (NOK) 52-week high 52-week low
Market cap. Net debt Q2G9E

USDm 119 164

S lipfS fiB f illB p li IlilS ttll
7.00
11.00 7.00 NOKm 694 961 . ;

UBIOE OSEBX (Rebased)
Relative co. per/. Bovespa {Rebased)
Relative co. per/. Peergroup (Rebased)
Relative co. per/.

-IV/
6.4% (6.4%)
4 .6% (4.6%) (3.4%)
3.4%

3 .0% (3.0%)
2.8% ( 2. 8% )
6.6% (6.6%)

-3M

-6M

4 .9% (41.3% )
8.9% (45.3%)
13.5% (49.9%)

4 7 .5% (83.8%)
57.6% (94.0% )
100.2% ( 136.6%)

Financials (NOKm)

2003A

Sales

58

% growth

171.9 %

EBiTDA

(167)

% margin

n/m

EBIT

(232)

% margin

n/m

Net income

(564)

% margin

n/m

Trading multiples (last reported net debt)

EV/sales

EV/EBiTDA

EV/EBIT

P/E

(15.2%)
(21.1%)
19.6% (55.9%)
(5.6% ) (30.8%)

2009F 374
549.7% (13) n/m
(277) n/m n/a n/m 2009F 4.4x n/m n/m n/m

201 OF 534
42.9% 128
24.0% (135) n/m n/a n/m 201 OF 3.1x 12.9x n/m n/m

; 2011F 593
10.9% 216
36.5% (98) n/m n/a n/m
-V 2011F 2.8x 7.7x n/m n/m

Source: FactSet as of 9~$ep-D9. Management base case financials for the forecast period

A R C T I C SEC U R I T I ES

Note: Peer index includes; Cosan SA, Sao.Martinho, Acucar Guarani. Accrued interest cut off date 29-Sep-09, USD;NOK 5,8526. BRL:NOK 3.2640 and USD:BRl 1.7931 as of European Central Bank fixing 29-$ep-Q9

9

Balance Sheet overview r<appfoximatfpn) :

USDm

VE

Non-current assets

262.7

Total current assets

38.2

Total Assets

300.9

Total equity Interest bearing debt Other debt {BNDES) Total Equity and Liabilities

136.8 147.4
16.7 300.9

D eb t issued and outstand ing
in te re s t bearing debt Shareholder loans {nom inal + accrued) Bond loan {nom inal + accrued) T o tal in te re s t bearing d eb t O ther d e b t (8NDES) T o ta l d e b t issued and ou tstand ing Cash N e t d e b t (cash)

Comments
Annual report 2008, adjusted for U$D:NOK Annual report 2008, adjusted for U$D:NOK
Annual report 2008, adjusted for balancing item Nominal + accrued Current (provided by UMOE)

ERL.
111.0 153.3 26 4.4
3 0 .0 2 9 4 ,4
0 294A

NOK
3 6 2 .4 500.5 8 6 2 .9
9 7 .9 96 0,8
0 96 0.8

USD
61,9 8 5 .5 14 7.4 1 6 .7 1 6 4 .2
0 1 6 4 .2

37.7% 52.1%
10.2%

Debt 8: Equity USDm

Assets USDm

A R C T I C S E C U R i T i ES

Source: Company information and accounts

10

Note: Accrued interest cut o ff date 29-Sep~09. USD:NOK 5,8526, BRL:NOK 3.2640 and U$D:BRL 1.7931 as of European Central Bank fixing 29-Sep-09

Cash flow and profit and loss overview*1*

Consolidated NOK rn. Y /e 31 -Doc Cash flow s fro m op eratin g activities Profit before taxes Paid taxes D ep red ation o f fix ed - and intangible assets Effect o f currency Changes to working capital Other items N e t cash flo w from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase o f PPE, incl goodwill Net cashflow from purchase/(sate) from investm ent in subsidiary companies N et cash flow from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Issuance o f in terest bearing debt Repayment o f in terest bearing debt Issuance o f equity, net N et cash flo w from financing activities
N et change in cash an d cash equivalen ts Cash and cash eq uivalents, beginning Cash and cash equivalents, ending

2007A
-112.8 0 .0
25.5 -1 9 .7 -46.6 -6 7 .4 -2 2 1 .0
-445.0
0.0 -4 4 5 .0
495.2 -0.6
303.5 798.1
132.1 0.0
132.1

2003A
-505.4 0.0
65.1 143.3 -95.9 105.3 -2 8 7 .5

1-Jc50 tb
30 -Jii W mmUlfMM

Consolidated NOK m, Y /o 31-Dec Revenues Other operating income Total operating income
Cost of goods sold Employee benefit cost Depreciation of f?xed-and intangible cost Other operating cost EBIT

-919.5
-0.6 -9 20.2
82.7 0.0
1,012.8 1 ,0 9 5 .5

M llll

Financial income Financial cost Net financial income (expense)

Profit before tax

Tax



N et income

ittflll

-112.1 132.1 2 0 .0

-5.8 20.0 1 4 .2

2007A 21.2
21.2
-43.3 -22.5 -25.5 -34.1 -104.2
148.7 -157.3
-8 ,6
-112.8 -1.7
-1 1 4 .5

2008A 56.2 1.4 57.6

1-Jan tol 3G*Jui-09
148.6

-147.7 -28.8 -65.1 -47.8
-231.8

-1 9 5 .0

10.2 -283.7 -273,5
-505.4 -58.7
-5 6 4 .0

# Cash generation fn YTD 2009 has been disappointing and significantly below expectations

A* RTMC T I C ^SfcL. li R. I I.I £ d. ,

SNooutrec;e: Company information and accounts

(1)

Financials for 2009 not consolidated and unaudited. Accrued interest cut off date 29-Sep-Q9. USD:NOK 5.8526, 8Rl;NQK 3.2640 and US£>:8RL

1.7931 as of European Central Bank fixing 29-Sep-G9

Agenda

Introduction

3

Umoe Bioenergy trading update

6

' Business plan overview

Bondholder considerations

21

ARCTIC SECURITi £5

12

Background to financial analysis
# Arctic has received a financial model prepared by UBIOE on 4 September 2009 which includes:
m Bottom up operational model (sales, cost and production plan) on a m onthly basis fro m August 2009 to December 2011, annually fo r FY 2012
# Cash flo w p rojections on a w eekly basts fro m September to October 2009, m onthly basis from November 2009 to December 2010
* P&L estim ates on a m onthly basis fro m August 2009 to December 2011, annually fo r FY 2012
» Arctic received several updates/additions and explanatory comments to the financial model from 7 September to 14 September
# We understand that the financial model has been prepared and reviewed jointly by the Agricultural Management, industry Mill Management, Commercial Director, HSEQ. Management, finance and Administration. Several workshops have been held to align market assumptions, agricultural plans and industrial plans
# Arctic has had discussions with key individuals from management, including the CEO, involved in the preparation of the financial model by means of conference calls including questions and answer sessions
» Given tim in g constraints, th e most recent set o f projections and explanatory comm ents w ere received on Saturday 12 September, w ith some fo llo w up inputs received on Monday 14 September
# Prior to receipt of the financial model, Arctic had meetings with the CEO and several calls with management to better understand the dynamics of the company specific situation
«i Arctic has also had access to and received various other documents including, but not limited to, Board minutes, consultancy reports, equity research reports, company filings, public information, information memorandums and loan agreements

® A R C T I C S E C U R l T i ES

13

Background to financial analysis (cont'd)

Outlook/comments released 27-Aug-09 in interim 2009 report:
* Due to liquidity constraints the planting of 4,000 hectare has been withheld. The company will therefore not be able to supply sugar cane from own plantations to achieve full capacity utilisation in 2010
* The Company has a: dispute with the consortium about several issues, including final payment related to the construction of Unit 2
* Expectations that it w ill take time to bring the operational performance to industry average
* The stressed liquidity position of the company w ill continue short term and may worsen in the months to come

# We have focused our analysis on two time periods:
* Short te rm : 1 September 2009 to 31 October 2009 to focus on the im m ediate liq u id ity challenges ® Long te rm : 1 September 2009 to end FY 2012 to focus on the long te rm business plan and cash flo w
generation over tim e
> Management's key assumptions in the financial model include:
© Business plan as is; not including cogeneration # Ethanol price o f BRL 720 (2010), 789 (2011), 804 (2012) / '000 litre # Production rates fo r 2009 o f ca 216,000 cbm in 2010, increasing to 254,000 cbm in 2011, 250,000 in 2012 © Ethanol conversion yield (litre per ton cane crushed): 83 (2010), 85 (2011) and 86 (2012) # Average Ton Recoverable (ATR/TRS) (kilo per to n cane crushed): 138 (2010), 140 (2011) and 142 (2012) © Conversion fa c to r (litre per ATR/TRS) o f 0,6002 (2010), 0.6050 (2011) and 0.6070 (2012) # No p rin cip a l repaym ent to USD 85m nominal bond in June 2012
@ Arctic has performed: sensitivities analysis on key operational drivers:
® Price (ESALQ.net) Production volumes: a t fu ll capacity Conversion fa c to r (litre per kilo) (ethanol conversion yie ld / ATR)

A R C T I C S E C U R I T J ES

Source: Company information, Arctic estimates

14

Inherent risks to ethanol producers and UBIOE
May severely impact and adversely affect the forecasts
Key downside risks
# Commodity price risk
« Substitute products: Reduction in oil price could reduce ethanol competitiveness in the domestic market
® Cost inflation
# Import tariffs
« Regulatory risk: the ethanol market is highly regulated, as most of the global consumption is by means of blending in gasoline
# Foreign exchange risk: Not affecting UBIOE as all sales are to the Brazilian market. However for international producers most costs are denominated in BRL, with ethanol prices being mostly denominated in USD
# Weather issues (" El Nino" ) this year
Key upside risks
# Stronger ethanol price scenario; reached a bottom in May 2009 and may increase led by tighter supply, given the excessive rains in Brazil and higher domestic demand supported by flex fuel vehicles
® Reduction in ethanol import tax in the US or a reduction in subsidies to corn based ethanol producers
# Consolidation

» $ ® A R C T I C S E C U R I T f ES

Source: Broker research, Bloomberg, Reuters, Arctic estimates

15

Business plan -grou p financial figures
Management assumptions - current capital structure

Cash Flow
BRL '000 Cash Flow From Operations Cash Flow From investment Cash Flow From Financing
Opening cash balance Net change for the period Ending cash balance
paL BRL '000 Total gross sales Total taxes Net sales total % growth

1Sep31-Oct
2009 5,090 -6,395 -21,547

1 Sep 31-Dec
2009 -2,205 -16,173 -66,219

2010 60,979 -111,446 -86,620

iiiisi i
.y ,:T FV-:

2011

2012

#

68,535

99,211

-70,435

-85,131

i»

-25,773

-17,489

4,348 -22,853 -18,505

4,348 -84,597 -80,249

-80,249 -137,086 -217,336

-217,336 -27,673
-245,009

-245,009 -3,408
-248,417

#

Actuals Aug-Dec YTD 2009F

FY 2009

FY 2010

18818
2011 ; ; 2012;

56,912 82,813 139,725 197,389 217,322 235,371

#

-11,385 -13,713 -25,097 -33,635 -35,697 -37,781

45,528 69,100 114,628 163,753 181,625 197,590

42.9%

10.9%

8.8%

Comments
Opening cash balance of BRL 4.4m as of 1 September 2009
2009 cash flows negatively affected by, inter alia, poor project execution and associated cost overrun, unfavourable demand/supply balance, weather conditions
2010 management projections negatively affected by 2009 activity levels due to:
® Hot sufficient amount of feedstock available
« Capex backlog into 2010 which should be incurred
Repayment of principal on USD 85m bond is not taken into consideration
2011 and 2012: improving business case, however, cash flow generation not satisfactory on base case assumptions

Gross profit (exd D&A) % margin

3,081 6.8%

24,093 34.9%

27,174 23.7%

58,517 35.7%

85,579 47.1%

97,709 49.5%

EBITDA % margin

-19,078 -41.9%

15,193 22.0%

-3,886 -3.4%

39,312 24.0%

66,226 36.5%

78,381 39.7%

EBIT % margin

-59,735 -25,271 -85,006 -41,294 -30,016 -24,352 -131.2% -36.6% -74.2% -25.2% -16.5% -12.3%

ARCTIC SECURITIES

Source: Company estimates

16

Business plan-group operational figures
Management assumptions - current capital structure

Operational overview
Average net seiiing price Hectar available (unit 1 + unit 2) Ton crushed per ha (TCH) Tons crushed in total Produced ethanol Ethanol deliveries Ethanol conversion yield Average Ton Recoverable (ATR or TRS) Conversion factor

Unit BRL ha ton/ha tons cbm cbm litre / ton cane crushed kilo / ton cane crushed litre / kilo

201 OF 720
27,800 94
2,602,898 215,992 227,370 83 138 0.6002

2011F 789
34,172 88
2,996,241 253,782 230,100 85 140 0.6050

FY 2012F
804 36,150
80 2,901,000
250,066 245,900
86 142 0.6070

Growth

FY

FY

201 OF 2011F

9.6%

22.9%

-6.4%

15.1%

17.5%

1.2%

2,1%

1.3%

0.8%

FY 2012F
1.8% 5.8% -8.5% -3.2% -1.5% 6.9% 1.8% 1.4% 0.3%

C om m ents
® AU financials provided by management given in real values fpre inflation affect) © Potential upside should net ESALQ. price increase by more than the cost of production, on a real basis
® Tons crushed per hectare (TCH) depends on cycle of the planting © 2010 represents the highest TCH at 94 due to the best available sugar cane cycle # Additional investment required to improve the performance in 2011 and 2012
® Management indicates that in order to feed the crushers with an annual capacity of 2.9m tons, ca BRL 80m of agricultural capex is required
® Management's conversion factor {litre of ethanol per ATR/TRS) is slightly higher than industry average by ca 1.5% in 2010 and 1.1% in 2012 (on average)

ARCTIC SECURITIES

Source: Company estimates

17

Short term liquidity overview: Current to end October 2009
Management assumptions - current capital structure_________________________ _

Cat1! Flow
MC 0S0 Cash Flow From Operations Hydrous Hhano! (gross safes) Bagasse Others Revenues (cane) Total Operating Cash Flow Income
Total Operating Cash Flow Expenses Expenses forecast Taxes (sales of goods) Payrool and Benefits Taxes (payrool) Industrial Maintenance Industrial Inputs Agricultural Maintenance Agricultural inputs (fertilazers) Cane (3rd - Parties agricultural and lease (and) Plantation and CIT - Services Oil and lubrificatfons Tyres (pneus e cameras) Another: expenses Total Operating Cash Flow Expenses
Total Operating Cash Flow
Cash Flow From Investment Industrial Consortium (EPC) Agricultural (treats and planting 2010} - OPEX Total Cash Flow From Investment
Cash Flew From Financing Debt Services and Principal Intercompany Loan Services and Principal Bond (Interest) Interest Total Cash Flow From Financing

Wes* 35 Aug/Sep 31/8 t* 4/5
5,156 6 0
5,162

Wiioi. n
3 to 11
3,879 0 0
3,879

Wcri: 3« Sop
14 to 18
6,084 0 0
6,084

WoeL 39
21 to 25
4,092 Q 0
4,092

Week 40 Sep
5,541 0 0
5,541

Week 40
1 TO 2
0 0 0 0

Week 41
5 to 9
7,193 0 0
7,193

MtacS 42
13 to 15
0 0 950 950

0 - lfS96
-320 -m -45
-63 -4 '46 -49 -318 -17 -426 -3,314
1,848
-150 0 0
-150
-81 0
-4,113

0 -554
0 -56 -149 -103 -167 1,300 -1,345 -296
-3 -184 -4,157
-277
-198 0 0
-198
0 0 0
0

-774 -1,163
-88 -70 -123 -82
0 -1,020
-798 0
-483 -4,942
1,142
0 0 0 0
-703 0 0
-703

-1,357 -64 -433 -263 -43 -170 -340 0 0 -986 -20 -382
-4,057
36
-352 0 Q
-352
-6 0 0
-6

0 -136
0 "41 -123 -87 -512 1,004
E> -591
0 -575 -3,070
2,471
-292 0 0
-292
-8 0 0
-8

0

0

-733

-156

-2,134

-45

0

-195

0

-46

-116

'93

0

-138

-138

-82

-206

-165

-340

0

-340

0

G

-4,209

0

-2,919

-59

-164

-410

-328

0

-20

0

-12

-397

-256

-801

-6,535

-6,365

-801

653

-5,415

0

0

-252

0

-3,300

0

0

0

0

0

-3,300

-252

-ai

0

-539

-7,548

0

0

0

0

-81

-7,548

-539

Opening cash balance Net change for the period Ending cash balance

4,348 -2,420 1,928

1,928 -476 1,453

1,453 439
1,892

1,892 -322 1,569

1,569 2,170 3,740

3,740 -8B2 2,858

'

2,858 N

* -10,190 \

\

-7,332 /

^^

-7,332 -6,205 -13,536

Week J3 Oct

WilVVeek;44;

6,347 0 0
6,347

6,347 0 0
6,347

-645 -45 -338 -116 -13S -206 -340
0 0 -82 -20 -550 -2,479
3,868
0 -1,600
0 -1,600
*4 -8,455
0
-8,459
-13,536 -6,191
-19,727

-2,081 -1,703
0 -116 -137 -206 -340
0 0 0 G -205 *4,787
1,559
-252 0 0
-252
-5 0 0 -81 -86
-19,727 1,222
-18,505

# During week 41 (prime October) the Company's cash position is projected to be negative
# Hence, the cash balance is at this point extremely fragile to minor adverse impacts resulting from production delays, adverse weather conditions, etc

A R C T I C SECURI TY ES

18

Source: Company estimates

Cash flow development: Current to end December 2010
Management assumptions - current capital structure______________________
» Cash position as of 1 September of BRL 4.3m
"Intercompany Loan Services and Principal" of BRL 16.0m due in October 2009, BRL 21.4m due in November 2009 and BRL 13.6m due in December 2009, BRL 36.1m due in January 2010 and BRL 23.7m due in February 2010
# Coupon payment on the USD85m bond of BRL 4.0m due quarterly (Dec-09, Mar-10, Jun-10, Sep-10, Dec-10)
» Company projected cash negative primo October 2009
# in addition, cash flow position is expected to deteriorate month-by-month from October 2009 to December 2009, hence an agreement with UBIOE's creditors (in particular Umoe as they have several debt claims towards the Company month-by-month starting October 2009) is imminent to reach an out of Court settlement

BRL '000

A R C T IC SECURITIES

tE E s N e t change for the period -a « -E n d in g cash balance
Source: Company estimates

19

Net price (ESALQ.) sensitivities on net change in cash for 2010, 2011 and 2012
Management assumptions - current capital structure _______ _______ _________________ _____

Net change iti cash y-
ftftilfsiter m r n m m I P P P I FY 2010

Net price 720

0% IgfISIl

756

5% -127,532

792

10% -117,853

828

15% -108,051

864

20% -98,125

900

25% -88,074

936

30% -77,900

972

35% -67,602

1,008

40% -57,179

Net change in cash y-o-y :' :

FY 2011

Net price

789

0% -27,673

829

5% -18,707

868

10% -9,740

908

15%

-774

947

20%

8,192

987

25% 17,159

1,026

30% 26,125

1,066

35% 35,091

1,105

40% 44,058

Net change in cash v-

im $ m §

FY 2012

Net price

804

0% -3,408

844

5%

6,440

884

10% 16,289

924

15% 26,137

964

20% 35,986

1,004

25% 45,835

1,045

30% 55,683

1,085

35% 65,532

1,125

40% 75,380

Management base case assumptions (average prices for the financial yea

m pi

f ill

Com m ents

® Ending cash balance for 2009 expected to be negative BRL 80.2m
» For 2010 a substantial price increase would not bridge the liquidity shortfall
· However, in the longer term for 2011 and 2012, a price increase of ca 20% and 5% respectively would results in positive change in cash year on year

» Downsides to price sensitivities
# Production downside if harvest levels are not obtained as forecasted
® Conversion factor: above industry average currently, if poor project execution continues and expected efficiency improvements do not materialise, this would have adverse consequences to management's base case assumptions

A R C T I C S E C U R I T i ES

Source: Arctic estimates based on management base case price assumptions

20

Agenda
Introduction Umoe Bioenergy trading update Business plan overview
ARCTIC SECURITIES

Debt perspectives

ISIN/Account No Security Name

U1V1600

Umo shareholder Loan 7

UiV1600

Umo shareholder Loan 6

UIV1600

Umo shareholder Loan 1

UIV1601

Umo shareholder Loan 8

UIV1600

Umo shareholder Loan 2

UIV1602

Umo shareholder Loan 9

UIV1600

Umo shareholder Loan 3

UJV1600

Umo shareholder Loan 4

UIV16Q3

Umo shareholder Loan 10

UIV1600

Umo shareholder Loan 5

NO 0010369697 Bioefuel Energy ASA 07/12 10% USD

Total amounts (in NOK)

Loan Amount Crncy

25,000,000

NOK

25,000,000

NOK

60,000,000

NOK

20,000,000

NOK

20,000,000

NOK

25,000,000

NOK

30,000,000

NOK

50,000,000

NOK

20,000,000

NOK

50,000,000

NOK

85,000,000

USD

822,474,053

Origin date AMaturity date Acer jed int.+ fees Am<y jn t due

14/04/2009 17/03/2009 24/11/2008 02/06/2009 19/12/2008 04/07/2009 08/01/2009 2 3 /0 1 /2009 04/08/2009 17/02/2009 07/06/2007

14/10/2009 17/10/2009 24/11/2009 02/12/2009 19/12/2009 02/01/2010 08/01/2010 23/01/2010 03/02/2010 17/02/2010 07/06/2012

*dates in red have been amen

2,082,000 2,429,000 9,383,400 1,296,467 2,939,467 1,319,250 4,183,200 6,689,500
821,867 6,218,667
519,444 40,402,936
(in USD)

r 27^082,00#

/ $£

27,429,000 69,383,400

1 21,296,467

1

22,939,467

I

26,319,250

i

34,183,200

I  56,689,500

!

20,821,867

1

56,218,667

1 500,514,172

1 1 \ 862,876,989 ----------V
J 47,433,909#

\

/

iiliiiiiiif il

Debt Maturity Profile

B illobligations
 i cannot jpe s§t|fi|lll|s!meet with
i-?^&r ??-S JIf^ f 3VOV5E Illill

*T ",,
A R C T I C S E C U R i T ! ES

22
Note: Accrued interest cut off date 2,9-Sep-09, USD:NOK 5,8526, 6RLN0K 3,2640 and USDtBRL 1,7931 as of European Central Bank fixing 29-Sep-09

Corporate Structure

UMOE BIOENERGY ASA

OUTSTANDING LOANS - 31 AUGUST 2009

(ACCORDING TO DATA AND DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE TO WR)

Bridge Loans

8 September 2009

noksom
(24 Nov 08)

NOK 20M (19 Dec 08)

NOK30M (8 Jan 09)

NOK SOM , (23 Jan 09)

NOK 50 M. (1.7 Feb 09)

1 1

NOK25M

1 (17 Mar 09)

NOK25M ; (4 Jui 09)

NOK 25M (14 Apr 09)

NOK 20M

N OK20M

(4 Aug 09) / (2 Jun 0 9 );

Bridge Loans Security

·First priority lien on sugar cane crop

NOTE: Downstream Loans and Upstream Loan are not secured.

'* i v ARCTIC SECURITIES

Chapter 11
: > .Several jurisdictions( · Security preference ;
llllllllllllj
beneficial for all HI lenders.^arid
shareholders
23

Restructuring triggered by an inability to service debt charges (principal and interest)

# Debt service charges from now to mid 2012 of BRL 155,3m, consisting of
® Umoe principal and interest payments of BRL 110.8m
# Bond coupon payments of ca BRL 44,5m (no repayment of bullet nominal amount assumed)
# Net improvement of BRL 14m in 2009 identified as working capital amendments (temporarily stock sale arrangements), subject to a successful restructuring, however this positive effect will reverse upon closing the stock sale arrangement in early 2010
Restructuring of the debt structure is required as the company does not have sufficient cash flow generation to satisfy its obligations as they fall due

:
Cash Flow
Post 100% d e b t to e q u ity swap BRL '000 Opening cash Debt service charges adjustments Entrance Ethanol Working Capital Amortization Working Capital Original net change fo r the period Adjusted net change fo r the period Ending cash

1 Sep -
31-Oct 2009 4,348
16,003 5,385 0
*22,853 -1,466 2,882

1 Sep -
ilSijpa®

N

h

U

3 1 -Dec

2009

2010


wM ni

FY S l i l l M S

2011

l; Li -V'--'V--,- 1

4,348

-11,182

-76,754

-97,785

55,067

76,022

16,150

8,075

14,000

12,031

0

0

-16,538

-9,508

0

-84,597 -137,086

-3,408

-15,530

-65,572 ""-21,031

4,667

-11,182 ( -76,754 y -97,785

-93,118

j The cash shortfall will be

J finance d by equity o r debt

i or a com bination of the

two; shareholders (fncl

1 co n ve rte d debt to e q u ity) « should be prepared to

J contribute on a prorata

i b asis if e q uity financing

i

option is pursued

i

Variance o f net change for the period Variance o f ending cash to mgmt case

21,387 21,387

69,067 69,067

71,515 140,581

6,642 147,224

8,075 155,299

ARCTIC SECURITIES

Source: Company estimates, Arctic estimates

24

Preliminary valuation considerations for UBIOE

PEER MULTIPLE OUTPUT Company Sugar Cosan SA Industrie e C om ercio Sao M a rtin ho SA A cucar Guarani Sa E th a n o l A rcher Daniels M idland Abengoa SA

Mkt cap. USDm

j

4,050

|

1,027

*

885

|

18,427

|

2,487

EV USDm

2009e

EV / EBITDA (x) 2.01Qe 2011e

2012e

2009e

EV / EBIT (x) 201Ce 2011e

2012c

2009e

P / E (x) 2010c 2011c

2012c

5,595 j 1,430 | 1,318 *

7.9x 9.1x 6.5x

5,8x 7.2x 5.1x

5.8x 6.1x 5.4x

5.2x[ 7.5x| 3.4xj

1 5 .1x 2 5 .6x 1 5.l x

8.8x 2 2 .3x
7.9x

10.7x 18.7x
8.5x

11.0xj 32.9x!
6,2x|

33.3x 2 2 .6x 11.4x

12.9x 8 1 .4X 1 1 .1X

n.m_ 58.5x 11.6x

mm. n.m . n.m .

26,172 { 6,466 j

7A x 9.2x

7.1x 9 .Ox

7. Ox 6 .0x

6.1xj 8.4xj

9.7x 13.7x

tO.Ox 13.6x

9.1x 9.1x

7.5x; 13.0x|

10.8x IZ.Ox

11.9x 10,1x

n.m . 7.0x

n*m* n.m .

2009e

2010e

2 0 1 1e

2 0 1 2e ; 2009e

201 Oe

Average

j

8. Ox

6.8x

6. **l

6.1xi

15.8x

12.5x

M e dia n

!

11

Discount to peers (fin a n c ia l s ta b ility , size, prod u ctio n m ix, cogen} e s tim a te d

|

7.9x

7.1x 307

6 .Ox 304

6.1xj i
30% |

15.1x

1 0 .Ox 30%

Median m u ltip le applicable UBIOE budget {pre re s tru c tu rin g ) BRLm

}

5 .Ox

4.2x

4.3x|

7. Ox

S1

t

[

39.3

66.2

78.4;

-41.3

UBIOE b ud g e t {pre re s tru c tu rin g ) USDm

\

21.9

36.9

43.7}1'

-23.0

1

 ---------------^

1

U8IOE im p lie d EV USDm (fro m m e dia n p e e r m u ltip le s )

j

109.5

156.1 1 186.1}

n/m

'* ^

--

« 2011 assessed as a fair year to value UBIOE due to production challenges in 2009 and 2010

2011e 11.2x 9. IX
30% 6.4X
-30.0 -16.7
n/m

2 0 1 2e 14.1x1 11.0x;

20G9e 1 8 .Ox 1 2 .Ox

O **

7,7x| f
t
1 -24.4;
-13.6]
11 n/m j

2010o 2 5.5x 11.9x
n/a n/a n/m

2 0 1 1e 25.7x . 11.6x

70I2C n /m n /m

n /a

n /a

n /a

n/a

n/m

n/m

» 30 %discount to peers applied on the basis of the following factors:

® Financial leverage

® Production mix composition (sugar vs ethanol; UBIOE is a pure play ethanol producer)

f Size (economies of scale) and phase of development stage

# Co-generation capabilities vs non-co-generation capabilities

# Leased vs owned land

Note that the peer group is not fully compatible with the Company's business as the fragmented ethanol/sugar market consists of many small players with different business characteristics (financial and operational)

A R C T f C S E t U R I T I ES

Source-: FactSet as of 9-Sep-09, broker research, Bloomberg, Reuters Mote: Accrued interest cut o ff date 29-Sep~09. USD:NGK 5.8526, BRL:NOK 3.2640 and USD:SRL 1.7931 as of European Central Sank fixing 29-Sep-09

Proposed transaction structure

# Target EV post restructuring based on comparable trading multiples, focussing on 2011 EV/EBITDA
# Net debt I (cash) post restructuring estimated to zero
<t Other bank loans include certain Brazilian bank loans, vendor payables and ongoing obligations of the Company's subsidiaries seen as instrumental in the continued operations of the Company
# Funding requirement to end of FY 2010 of ca NOK 251m based on expected capital expenditure and on-going operations
Implied resulting equity value (existing and converted) of NOK 514,5m
® Existing equity 10%; NOK 51.4m
* Converted debt to equity 90%; NOK 463.0m

iEunding'shortfa1I fin nced by a combination of equity and debt

Interest bearing debt to equity swap

BRLm

NOKm

USDm

",

Target EV post restructuring*11

280.0

913.8

156.1

Net debt / (cash)

0.0

0.0

0.0

Other bank loans

30.0

97.9

16.7

Settlement risk EPC consortium141

15.6

50.9

8.7

Equity value adjusted (post restructuring}

234.4

765.0

130.7

]Funding required; equity and/or debt financed121

76.8

250.5

42.8

Implied resulting equity value (existing and converted) l" l57j6 "* ^514V " ~~ 87V " 100.0%

Breakdown of im plied resulting equity value Existing equity131 Converted debt to equity

15.8 141.9

51.4 463.0

8.8 10.0%

79,1

90.0%

# Arctic's valuation of the equity value over par value of debt imply a recovery on a nominal basis (included accrued interest) of 53%
» Alternatively bondholders may accept 45% of par in the early cash redemption

Source: FactSet as of 9-Sep-G9, broker research, Bloomberg, Reuters. Accrued interest cut o ff date 29-Sep-09. U5D:NOK 5.8526, BRL:NOK 3.2640

and U$D;BRL 1.7931 as of European Central Bank fixing 29-Sep-09

Notes:

(1) Median EWEBFFDA 2011 multiple for peer group with an estimated 30% discount

AR CT I C S E C U R I T I E S (2)
(3)

Estimated BRL 77m negative cash balance per end 2010 as per management assumptions Based on previous transactions with a joint agreement between stakeholders (adjusted proportionally in the ail equity scenario)

26

(4)

Value at risk based on EPC consortium dispute

c:v w i r i t 4

CONFIDENTIAL

EXECUTION COPY

Umoe BioEnergy ASA Fomebuveien 84 N-I324 Lysaker Norway
Attention: Tom Ruud/OIe Kristian Sivertsen

30 September 2009

EE: UNDERTAKING
We refer to our discussions regarding' the proposed financial restructuring (the "Contemplated Restructuring") of Umoe BioEnergy AS ("UBIOE"), which would include the conversion or redemption o f shareholder loans owed to us by UBIOE's indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Destilaria Paranapanema SA (the "Shareholder Loans") and the bonds issued in the following bond issue:
10 per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants" with JSIN NO 001 036969.7 (the "Bonds" and the "Warrants", respectively), issued pursuant to a loan agreement among UBIOE, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (fire "Loan Trustee") and the Bondholders and the Warrantholders (as defined in the Loan Agreement) dated 6 June 2007 (the "Loan Agreement"),
The detailed terms of the Contemplated Restructuring are set out in the Terra Sheet attached as Annex 1.
As a condition for convening the bondholders1 meetings to consider the Contemplated Restructuring, UBIOE has required that we and the major bondholders in the Bonds make certain undertakings in support of the Contemplated Restructuring,
As pf the date hereof, we hold an aggregate o f 84,829,895 shares in the Company (the "Controlled Shares").
We hereby irrevocably undertake to procure that (i) all the Controlled Shares are duly represented at the relevant shareholders1 meeting to approve the Contemplated

Restructuring; and (ii) all die Controlled Shares are voted in support of die Contemplated Restructuring as described in the Term Sheet attached as Annex 1.
We furthermore confirm that:
(a) Umoe Invest AS will convert the Shareholder Loans into new shares in die Company;
(b) Umoe AS will convert all o f its ponds into new shares in the Company;
(c) Umoe Invest AS and Umoe AS will enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement the said conversions;
(d) Umoe AS will subscribe to and pay for a cash settled private placement of new shares in the Company to fund repayments by the Company o f Bonds held by bondholders that do not elect to convert their Bonds into now shares in the Company; and
(e) Umoe AS will make the Interim Financing (as defined in the Term Sheet) available to the Company,
These undertakings are conditional upon (i) that undertakings are obtained from bondholders holding 2/3 or more of the voting Bonds to vote in favour of the Contemplated Restructuring, including that (a) they waive all their rights under any Warrants held by them; and (b) they will vote in favour of a subordination o f the Bonds and die rights of bondholders under the Loan Agreement to the rights of the relevant Umoe entity under the Interim Financing; (ii) that the board of directors of UBIOE approves die Contemplated Restructuring, and (iii) dial die boards of directors o f Umoe AS and Umoe Invest AS approve, as applicable, items (a) through (e) above.
This undertaking shall remain in full force and effect until die earlier of (i) approval of the Contemplated Restructuring by the shareholder meeting o f the Company to approve die debt restructuring; and (ii) 30 October 2009.
We acknowledge and agree that the existence of this undertaking, its terms and pur identity may be made public in connection with the announcement of the Contemplated Restructuring.
Tins undertaking shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Norway, and we for the purpose o f any disagreement or dispute relating to this voting undertaking irrevocably submit to die jurisdiction o f the Courts of Norway, with Oslo District Court as due venue.
C _n05079_V l 01.10.D9 505936-001

Yours sincerely, Umoe AS

Umoe Invest AS

Name: / ijf e T l / t l h S F -

Name:

Title: c e o

Title:

ft*

L,,U05079,,V1 01.10.09 505936-001

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL

UMOE BIOENERGY ASA AGREED TERMS FOR BALANCE SHEET RESTRUCTURING

Parties and definitions

UBIOE: Loan Trustee: Loan Agreement: Bonds:
Warrants:

Umoe BioEnergy ASA
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
A loan agreement among UBIOE, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and the Warrantholders (as defined in the Loan Agreement) dated 6 June 2007
UBIOE's TO per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants"with ISIN NO 001 036969.1, issued pursuant Loan Agreement, with an original total nominal amount of USD 85,000,000
Warrants issued to the original Bondholders pursuant to the Loan Agreement

Bondholders: Warrantholders: UMOE: Umoe Invest: Shareholder Loans:
Shareholders: DP:
CBP:
Cut-off Date:

Holders of Bonds ' Holders of Warrants Umoe AS
Umoe Invest AS Loans in a total amount of NOK 360.8 million (including outstanding interest as of 16 September 2009, and subject to adjustment at Cut off Date) owed by DP to Umoe invest Shareholders in UBiOE
Destiiarla Paranapanema SA, an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of UBiOE
Chfistania Bioenergia Participacoes SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of UBIOE
29 September 2009

B. Debt Restructuring
The obligations and liabilities of UBiOE under the Bonds and the Shareholder Loans will be fully and finally settled by conversion of the Bonds and Shareholder Loans to equity m UBIOE, alternatively by cash repayment to Bondholders. The conversion and, if relevant, repayment shall take place on the following terms;

i_ t i0 5 3 2 4 _ V 'l 01.10.OS 505936-001

pr ivate And c o n fid e n t ia l

Converted Amount:

100% of the outstanding amount under the Bonds arid Shareholder Loans including accrued interest as of the Cut-off Date. Amounts in foreign currency shall be translated into Norwegian kroner at the exchange rates published by the European Central Bank on the Cut off Date. The Converted Amount is estimated to be appr. NOK 862J
m illion
The Bonds and the Shareholder Loans shall be treated on a pari passu basis for the purpose of the conversion and restructuring described in this term sheet.
Loans to DP and CBP, as well as the Senior Bridge Loan (see below) shall not be converted.

Conversion Recovery Rate:

53%, being the percentage of the Converted Amount corresponding to the creditor's share of the post conversion equity value of UBIOE agreed to be appr, MNOK509.1. This recovery rate assumes a 100% debt for share conversion.

Debt to Equity Conversion:

Bondholders and Umoe Invest will be offered to convert their respective parts of the Converted Amount to new shares in UBIOE. The converted Shareholder Loans and Bonds shall be valued at the recovery rate for the purpose of the conversion. The new shares representing Converted Amount shall be subscribed at a subscription price falling within a range to be determined after the Cut-off Date.
After the Debt Restructuring and the Cash Private Placement, shares held by creditors holding debt included in the Converted Amount and shares issued in the Cash Private Placement (see below) shall together represent 90% of the total share capital in UBIOE.
The conversion is subject to shareholder approval and a fair value assessment confirming that the fair value of the Converted Amount is not lower than the subscription price for new shares in UBIOE issued as a result of the conversion.

Cash Settlement Option:

Bondholders will be given the option of electing an early cash repayment as an alternative to conversion to equity, if elected, such repayment wit! be made at 45% pf the Converted Amount represented by the Bonds for which Bondholders have elected to receive early repayment.

Expiry of Warrants:

Warrants held Bondholders will become null and void on conversion of their portion of the Converted Amount without any form of compensation.

LJ10532<1_V1 01.10,09 505930-001'

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL

Cash Private Placement:

Repayment of Bondholders that elect cash repayment shall be funded with a cash private placement subscribed by UMOE, approved and paid in simultaneous with the conversion of the relevant portion of the Converted Amount.The subscription price paid by UMOE shall fall within a range to be determined afterthe Cut-off Date. After the Debt Restructuring and the Cash Private Placement, shares held by creditors holding debt included inthe Converted Amount and shares issued in the Cash Private Placement shall together represent 90% of the total share capital in UBIOE.

Repair issue:
Resolutions required:
Precomntitments:

A Repair Issue directed at the Shareholders of UBIOE Immediately prior to the debt conversion who did not participate in the Cash Private Placement will be approved simultaneously with the Debt Restructuring and the Cash Private Placement. The subscription amount of the Repair Issue shall be sufficient to compensate Shareholders immediately prior to the Debt Restructuring for the dilution caused by the Cash Private Placement. The Repair issue shall be settled approximately 14 days after Shareholder approval of the Debt Restructuring.
The steps described above (as well as the terms of the Senior Bridge Loan described below) will be submitted for approval by the board of UBIOE in a meeting expected to be held on 30 September 2009.
If approved by the board, the Debt Restructuring will be submitted for approval in a meeting of Bondholders, and a subsequent meeting of Shareholders expected to be held on or prior to 31 October 2009.
The Cash Private Placement will be submitted for approval by the board of UMOE in a meeting expected to be held on or about 20 October 2009.
Undertakings to complete the steps of the Debt Restructuring described above, the Repair issue and the Senior Bridge Loan have been have signed by Shareholders representing 85.6 % of the outstanding share capital of UBIOE.

C. Senior Bridge Loan
After the Debt Restructuring has been approved by the board of UBIOE, UMOE will make available a Senior Bridge Loan to cover the immediate cash needs of UBIOE on the following terms:

Borrower:

UBIOE

Amount:

To be determined

interest:

To be determined

Final repayment To be determined date:

L_1105324_V1 01.10.09 605936 001

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL

Ranking:

To rank ahead of the Bonds and the Shareholder Loans in the event of bankruptcy of UBIOE

D. Other Creditors of UBIOE, CBP and DP
For the avoidance of doubt all other creditors of UBIOE and the group other than Umoe Invest and the Bondholders (including trade creditors, lessors, Brazilian lenders and contingent creditors) will be unaffected and unimpaired by the Debt Restructuring.

L J 1 0 5 3 2 4 J / 1 01.10.03 505D3S-001

EXHIBIT 5

To the bondholder In:

C onversion O ffer

(SIM: NO 001 036869,7 -TO per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue :2007/2012 with Warrants

Conversion Offer (this "'Conversion Offer1*} to convert the .Bonds into new equity In Umoe BfoEnergy ASA or redeem the Bonds early før cash payment
Umoe BioEnergy ASA (the ^Company") has engaged Arctic Securities ASA (the "Arranger") as the Comparies financial advisor and arranger for this Conversion Offer. For questions or further information, Bondholders may contact Tom Hestnes or Kim Gaftong Desvig of the Arranger at *47 21 01 31 00.
AH capitalized terms used in this Conversion Offer and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning defined in the loan agreement, dated 8 June 2007 (the "lo a n Agreement") between the Company and the Loan Trustee,, acting in its own capacity and on behalf of the Bondholders and Warranthoiders in the issue of the Bond.
1. Background and Rational©
The Company currently faces severe liquidity problems and expects that if will not be able to meet its ongoing fe n cta ! obligations beginning in the mid-October, 2009, The Company is not generating .sufficient cash to meet either Its ongoing financial, obligations or to sustain the current level of debt financing. Without immediate action to reduce debt and obtain interim financing, the Company's Board of Directors would be required to consider appropriate bankruptcy relief. Bondholders would likely lose a substantial portion of their investment in the Bond in the event the Company liquidated Its assets and wound up its affairs in bankruptcy.
The Company has explored with the Arranger and its other advisors different alternatives to manage Its current financial difficulties. After due consideration of these alternatives, the Company's Board of Directors has decided to invite Bondholders to convert their Bonds into new equity in the Company at a conversion price equal to 53% of par value plus accrued interest up to and Including 29 September 2009 (the '"Calculation Date"), corresponding to .an equity value of up to NOK 289 million after conversion (each US$100,000 par value of Bond would be converted into 508,948 new shares in the Company at an approximate subscnplion price of NOK 0,52 per share).
In order to preserve the interest of Bondholders who cannot, or will not, convert, their Bonds Into new. equity in the Company, Bondholders may instead choose to .accept, an early redemption of their Bonds for cash payment at 45% of par value plus accrued interest up to and including the Calculation Date, corresponding lo an amount of up to NOK 225 million plus accrued interest in the aggregate, The Arranger has recommended to the Company the foregoing debt to equity conversion, values,
UMOfiBPENHkenr.ASA VISITOR ADRESSi FOEKEBUVBSN S3. F0RNE8U POSTAL AUKKSSE- TO 80X60, «JW U'SAKEE, 0RG.NR:

During the period from November 2008 until August-2009, the' Umoe BioEnergy ASA group of companies obtained from Umoe invest AS ("Umoe Invest") debt financing In addition to the Bond through its indirectly; wholly-owned subsidiary, Destilaria Raranapanema ("DP"), in the form of shareholder loans (the "Shareholder Loans11) in the principal amount of NOK 325 million. DP used the Shareholder Loans to make capital expenditures and to meet working capital financing requirements incurred during that period of time, These loans
constitute Sugar Cane indebtedness, as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement, and are
secured by liens over DP's sugar cane crop.

The Company has held detailed discussions and negotiations with Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the outstanding voting Bonds (please note, 'Voting Bonds" does not include the Bonds held by Umoe as bondholder), all of whom have given their
commitment to the Company to accept this Conversion Offer,."Certain1of these Bondholders,' representing: approximately:2/3 of.the outstanding .voting Bonds, have:also agreed with the Company that theywill' elect the Cash'Redemption offer.

2, The Conversion Offer

For all calculations in this Conversion Offer, .the exchange :rates--published, by the European Central Bank on the Calculation Date have been used, giving a UB.D/NOK
exchange rate of USD1/NOK 5.85264 (the "Exchange Rate"). The Exchange Rate shall be
binding ph the Company and the Bondholders for all actions described in this Conversion
Offeh: ii- 

;;;:^ c h .:! ^ d h c ^ f

Invitedto convert its Bonds to new shares to be issuod by

the Company in an amount equal to 53% of the aggregate amount of the par value of its.

Bonds plus accrued interest up to and including the Calculation Date (expressed in an

amount in NOK calculated at the Exchange Rate, corresponding to an aggregate equity

value, after completion of the Debt Restructuring defined in paragraph:3,e below), ofup to

NOK 289 miion (the "Bond C;dri!VBrsion";).

In order to preserve the Interest of Bondholders who cannot* dr will not, convert their Bonds into new equftyrin the Company, any Bondholder .that fails.'to accept the Bond Conversion offer will be deemed.'to have tendered their Bonds for early redemption for .pash payment of 45% of the aggregate amount of the par value of its Bonds- plus accrued interest up -to:apd including the Calculation Date (expressed in m amount in NOK calculated at the Exchange Rate),, corresponding to.an-aggregate amount of up to NOK226 million (the "Cash
Redemption1^ In respect of the Bondholders that are deemed to have elected, the Cash Redemption, the Company will redeem their Bonds and make cash payment m later than five-business days- after the Shareholders Approval Date,

3. . Conditions to this: Conversion Offer

.This Company's-' and the Bondholders' obligation to complete:this Conversion Offer Is subject totoofollowing the conditionsprecedent.:

UhjiptefilOareRGYASA VISITOR ADKES& FO'RNBBlIVHiEH 84* FQKNEBU KJSTA1, ADftESSE: fO BO% 60, 132$ CYSASSfi.ORS.NR: 99MS&73

: Page^of J f

a. The .Company must have received from an Independent appraiser a value assessment confirming the fair value of the Bonds and the Shareholder Loans is not lower than the subscription price for new shares In the Company to' be
 ,. .issued as a result of the. conversion into equity in the Company pursuant to or in connection with this Conversion Offer,

b. ' The Company ;musf;have raised up to approximately NGK 88 million (equivalent to the |maximum cash amount needed to complete the Cash Redemption) of paid-in capital through the issuance to Umoe A S fUm oe") of zero (0) to 201 million new ordinary shares with a nominal value of NOK 0.25 per share ;(the.-Redemption issue*). The price per share to be paid for shares issued in the Redemptlonlssue will be set when the total subscription amount needed to complete the Cash Redemption fsimdwii.

c. The Company must have agreed with .Umoe invest for Umoe Invest To

subscribe to up to approximately 375 million new ordinary:shares with a

nominal value of N O K 025 per share (the ``Shareholder Loan Conversion" and

together with the Bond Conversion, the Cash.'Redemption, the Redemption

Issue and the Repair .Issue (m defined paragraph. 5.e below); the '`Debt

R e s ta fu n n g l, Um oe:invest will subscribe Tor such new; shares; on The

Company;-by /'assigning :te' loan, receivables; in -raspexi. o fT h d :Shareholder

Loans to T h e G o m p a h i^

new shares in an amount

equal to 53% of the nominal value of the Shareholder Loans plus accrued

interest up to and including the Calculation Date (expressed in an amount in

NO K calculated at lh e :£xchang© :RateL This transaction is expected, to

correspond.to .an aggregate equity value, upon the Shareholders Approval

Date, o f NOK1.94 million.

cl. The Company's:shareholders in a dulyconvened meetingmusthave approved the Debt. Restructuring {the date of any such approval, the ``Shaiehofcfem Approval Date"),

5, Covenants' of this Conversion Offer

a. The Bond Conversion, the Shareholder Loans Conversion and the Redemption Issue will occur upon the Shareholders Approval Date.

b. Upon the Shareholders Approval Date, the Company expects:.-{i) Umoe. (as bondholder and. underwriter of the Redemption Issue), Umoe Invest (as lender of the .Shareholder Loans), and the other Bondholders which accept the' Bond
Conversion offer will hold, collectively, 00% of the.outstanding share eapitai of th&bOpmpany* and (ii) the Company's shareholders tbarexisf on the day immediately prior to the Shareholders Approval Date {Including Umoeand Umoe;.1nvesf:to:tfie.extem .of their then shareholdings in the Company)
(collectively, the "`Existing Shareholders'') will hold 10% :of .the outstanding share capital of the Company. Upon completion of the Repair :Issuey tfie relative shareholdings in the Company will depend on the participation by the Company's .Existing Shareholders in the Repair Issue, 

UMOE BIOENEIiCY ASA VISITOR ADR ESS; FORffESUVEta* 84t.fORNEB0 POSTAL ADRHSSE; FO BOX 60,1324 LYSAKBK, m & M & i 990:853673

Page 4 o f £T

c. The Bondholders that holdWarfants onthedateof their;acceptance oftbe

.fiiohii;; OesweiFsIpn/O^^^

and

"

and .void!..as"ofthe Shareholders Approval Date*and p) they will have no

toany further^compensation'in respect of such Warrants.

d. Promptly following the completion of the Debt Restructuring* the Company will offerto:.-(!)the' Existing Shareholders that were noilneiubedfn the Redemption Issue, and (it) the Warrantholders other than Bondholders that have agreed to waive .'their rights to the; Warrants* to subscribe for further shares;m the Company in order to maintain their, relative 'ownership in. the Company {the 'Repair Issue"), in the Repair Issue, the Company .plans to raise from nil to
approximately NOK 15 million of paid-in capital through the issuance .of zero {0) to '35 million new ordinary shares with a nominal value of'NOK:0.25 per share. The actual number of shares to be offered in the Repair Issue and the subscription: price for such, shares will be determined by the Boardof Directors upon the recommendation of the Company's advisors. For the avoidance of doubt, a minority shareholder participating only in the Repair Issue and holding* for example, 1% of the total outstanding share capital prior to the Debt Restructuring, would be offered to subscribe at least a number of shares such that the shareholder would, have 0,1% of the shares after the closing of the Repair Issue,

e. Promptly following the completion of the: Debt Restructuring, the Company will enter into an agreement with' the Loan Trustee* for itself and on behalf of the Warrantholders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the- Loan Trustee (on behalf of itself and such Warrantholders), setting forth the terms and conditions ofthe Loan Agreement that applytothe outstanding Warrants,

4, Bond Conversion Offer Period and Acceptance of the Offer

Please find attached: a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicatingyour bondholding as of the printing date.

Each: Bondholder desiring to accept the Bond Conversion offer in respect of its Bonds must do so- by completing and signing the attached acceptance form (the "Acceptance Form'1} and sending it to the Arranger by fax or email no later than 18:00 hours on 20 October2909

Each Bondholder desiring to accept the Cash Redemption offer, in respect of its Bonds is Invited to complete and sign the attached waiver of rights to Warrants (the "Waiver of Rights to'Warrants") and send it to the Arranger by fax or email no later than 18:00 hours on no later than 18:00 hours on 20 October 2009.

Please fax or email your duly completed and signed Acceptance Form or Waiver of Rights to Warrants to +47 21 01 31 36 orto email address: toffl.hestes@ardlgsec.:ric.

Any Bondholder that foils to return an Acceptance Form duly completed and signed by no later.than 18:00 hours on 20 October 2009 will be conclusively deemed to have elected the Cash Redemption of its Bonds.

UMOH S IO E N E R G Y ASA VISITOR A0RESS: FORNEBOVHEM 34, FQRMHBO POSTAL ADRESS E:. PO BOX 60,1324 i.YSARER, ORG.NK; W0853673

S Page 5 o f ' .
This Conversion Offer and ail acceptances of the Conversion Offer shall be governed by Norwegian law, Any disputes regarding this Agreement which cannot be solved amicably, shall be referred to the ordinary courts of Norwaywith Oslo District Court'as due venue.
UMOE BIOENERGY ASA VPfrrOR AORE5S: FOIHIBUVCIEN H K ) » B U POSTAL. AORESSH: PO BOX W, 024 LY'SAKER. ORCUfOt.9W853673

EXHIBIT 6

Acceptance Form

1.

Introduction

Each Bondholder desiring to accept the Bond Conversion set out in the Conversion Offer dated 8 October 2009 issued by Umoe BioEnergy ASA must also fill out and sign this acceptance form (the "Acceptance Form") and send it to the Arranger by fax or email no later than 18:00 hours on 20 October 2009.

Please fax or email your duly completed and signed Acceptance Form to + 47 21 01 31 36 or to email address tom.hestnes@arcticsec.no

Reference is made to the Bond Conversion set out in the Conversion Offer sent to the Bondholders of ISIN NO 001036969.7 - 10 percent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants.

Terms set out in the Acceptance Form have the same meaning as in the Conversion Offer unless otherwise defined herein.

2. Acceptance of the Bond Conversion of the Conversion Offer

As Bondholder l/we hereby accept to convert the Bonds in ISIN NO 001036969.7, on the terms and conditions as set out in the Conversion Offer and this Acceptance Form, for the number of Bonds set out below.

i/we agree to convert all my/our____________ Bonds to new shares to be issued by the Company in an amount equal to 63% of the par value of my/our Bonds plus accrued interest (as per the Arranger's Assessment) up to and including 29 September 2009 (expressed in an amount in NOK calculated at the Exchange Rate (as defined below)) according to the terms of the Conversion Offer. I/we understand that each US$100,000 par value of Bond will be converted into 608,948 new shares in the Company at an approximate subscription price of NOK 0.52 per share.

I/we also accept that all my/our____________ Warrants shall become null and void as of the completion of the Debt Restructuring, with no rights for me/us to any further compensation in respect of such Warrants.

The undersigned Bondholder hereby irrevocably authorises and instructs the Arranger to take all necessary steps on my/our behalf to convert the number of Bonds specified above as described in the Conversion Offer, including to transfer bonds in ISIN NO 001036969.7 comprised by this acceptance to the Company and to subscribe for the shares to be issued in exchange therefor.

3.

Genera!

For all calculations in the Conversion Offer, I/we acknowledge and agree the exchange rates published by the European Central Bank on 29 September 2009 will be used, giving a USD/NOK exchange rate of USD1/NOK 5.85264 (the "Exchange Rate"). The Exchange Rate shall be binding on the Company and me/us for all actions described in the Conversion Offer and this Acceptance Form.

L 1! 16450 VI 08,10,09 505936*001

2 /2
My/our Bonds comprised by this Acceptance Form are being transferred free from encumbrances of any kind and with ail rights attached, l/we further confirm that all the Warrants held by me/us shall become null and void as of the completion of the Debt Restructuring, with no rights for me/us to any further compensation in respect of such Warrants.
The resolutions to be made by the Company regarding the Conversion Offer, notice of Extraordinary General Meeting with attachments, the Company's Articles of Association, financial report and financial accounts for the last two years are available upon request to the Company.
The Conversion Offer and all acceptances of the Conversion Offer shall be governed by Norwegian law. Any disputes regarding this Agreement which cannot be soived amicably, shall be referred to the ordinary courts of Norway with Oslo District Court as due venue.
Information on the Bondholder (please fill in with capital letters)______________________________ Bank account no. (in case of Cash Redemption)
VPS account no.
Bondholder's full name/ Company name
Name of the contact person with the Bondholder
Telephone (day time)
Telefax
E-mail address
Street name etc.
Postal code and area, country
Company registration no./ Date of birth and national ID no

Date/Piace:

Signature:

L 1116450 V! 08,10.09 505936-001

EXHIBIT 7

Waiver of Warrant Rights Form

1.

Introduction

Each Bondholder desiring to accept the Cash Redemption set out in the Conversion Offer dated 8 October 2009 issued by Umoe BioEnergy ASA is also invited to waive all rights in Warrants held by it by filling out and signing this waiver of Warrant rights form {the "Waiver Form") and sending it to the Arranger by fax or email no later than 18:00 hours on 20 October 2009.

Please fax or email your duly completed and signed Waiver Form to + 47 21 01 31 36 or to email address tom.hestnes@arcticsec.no

Reference is made to the Cash Redemption offer set out in the Conversion Offer sent to the Bondholders of ISIN NO 001036969.7 - 10 per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants.

Terms set out in the Waiver have the same meaning as in the Conversion Offer unless otherwise defined herein.

2.

Waiver of Warrant Rights

i/we hereby accept that ail my/our____________ Warrants shall become null and void as of the completion of the Debt Restructuring, with no rights for me/us to any further compensation in respect of such Warrants.

3.

General

The resolutions to be made by the Company regarding the Conversion Offer, notice of Extraordinary General Meeting with attachments, the Company's Articles of Association, financial report and financial accounts for the last two years are available upon request to the Company.

The Conversion Offer and the Waiver, providing for a waiver of rights in the Warrants, shall be governed by Norwegian law. Any disputes regarding this Agreement which cannot be solved amicably, shall be referred to the ordinary courts of Norway with Oslo District Court as due venue.

Information on the Bondholder (please fill in with capital letters)______________________________ Bank account no. (in case of Cash Redemption)

VPS account no.

Bondholder's full name/ Company name

Name of the contact person with the Bondholder

Telephone (day time)

Telefax

E-mail address

L 1116482 VI 08,10,09 S0S936-001

2 /2
Street hame etc. Posta! code and area, country Company registration no./ Date of birth and national ID no

Date/Place:

Signature:.

L 1116482 VI 08,10.09 505936-001

