IMPORTANT NOTICE
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer applies to the attached offering memorandum (the ``Offering Memorandum''), and you are therefore advised to read this disclaimer page carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached Offering Memorandum. In accessing the attached Offering Memorandum, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them from time to time, each time you receive any information from the Issuers (as defined in the Offering Memorandum) as a result of such access.
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE ``SECURITIES ACT''), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE ATTACHED OFFERING MEMORANDUM WILL BE ACCESSIBLE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU RECEIVED THE ATTACHED OFFERING MEMORANDUM IN A FORMAT THAT MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORIZED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.
Confirmation of Your Representation: In order to be eligible to view the attached Offering Memorandum or make an investment decision with respect to the securities described therein, you must: (i) not be a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ``U.S. Securities Act'')), and be outside the United States; provided that investors resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area must be a qualified investor (within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of Directive 2003/71/EC and any relevant implementing measure in each Member State of the European Economic Area) or (ii) be a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act)) that is also a Qualified Purchaser (``QP'') (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the ``U.S. Investment Company Act'')). You have accessed the attached Offering Memorandum on the basis that you have confirmed to each of the initial purchasers set forth in the attached Offering Memorandum (collectively, the ``Initial Purchasers''), being the sender or senders of the attached, that either: (A)(i) you and any customers you represent are not U.S. persons; and (ii) you have not accessed the attached Offering Memorandumin the United States, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia; ``possessions'' include Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands, (and if you are resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area, you are a qualified investor) or (B) you and any customers you represent are qualified institutional buyers that are also qualified purchasers and, in either case, that you consent to delivery by electronic transmission.
The attached Offering Memorandum has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of transmission and, consequently, none of the Initial Purchasers, any person who controls any Initial Purchaser, the Issuers or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, nor any director, officer, employer, employee or agent of theirs, or affiliate of any such person, accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Offering Memorandum distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Initial Purchasers.
You are reminded that the attached Offering Memorandumhas been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession the attached Offering Memorandum may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not nor are you authorized to deliver this Offering Memorandum to any other person. You will not transmit the attached Offering Memorandum (or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to any other person except with the consent of the Initial Purchasers.
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Initial Purchasers or any affiliate of the Initial Purchasers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Initial Purchasers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuers in such jurisdiction.

Offering Memorandum

Not for general distribution in the United States

12AUG201407190498
g252,500,000 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020
NOK 1,680,000,000 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020
g550,000,000 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2021
issued by
LOCK AS
g250,000,000 9.500% Senior Notes due 2022
SEK 1,850,000,000 Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2022
issued by
LOCK LOWER HOLDING AS
Lock AS, incorporated as a private limited company under the laws of Norway (the ``Senior Secured Notes Issuer''), is offering e252,500,000 aggregate principal amount of its euro-denominated Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020 (the ``Euro Floating Rate Notes''), NOK 1.68 billion aggregate principal amount of its NOK-denominated Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020 (the ``NOK Floating Rate Notes'' and, together with the Euro Floating Rate Notes, the ``Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes'') and e550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2021 (the ``Euro Fixed Rate Notes'' and, together with the Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, the ``Senior Secured Notes''). Lock Lower Holding AS, incorporated as a private limited company under the laws of Norway (the ``Senior Notes Issuer'' and, together with the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the ``Issuers''), is offering e250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 9.500% Senior Notes due 2022 (the ``Euro Senior Notes'') and SEK 1.85 billion aggregate principal amount of its SEK-denominated Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2022 (the ``SEK Floating Rate Notes'' and, together with the Euro Senior Notes, the ``Senior Notes''). The Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes are collectively referred to as the ``Floating Rate Notes''. The Senior Notes and the Senior Secured Notes are collectively referred to as the ``Notes''. The Notes are being issued as part of the financing for the proposed acquisition (the ``Acquisition'') of the Target Group (as defined herein) by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer. The Issuers are entities owned directly or indirectly by Cidron 2013 Ltd., which as of the Completion Date (as defined herein) is expected to be 70.1% controlled by Nordic Capital Fund VIII, 12.5% controlled by the Altor Funds (as defined herein) and 17.3% controlled by Investor (as defined herein).
The Senior Secured Notes Issuer will pay interest on the Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes quarterly on each February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, commencing February 15, 2015. The Euro Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of: (i) three-month EURIBOR; and (ii) 5.5000% per annum, reset quarterly. The NOK Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of: (i) three-month NIBOR; and (ii) 5.7500% per annum, reset quarterly. The Senior Secured Notes Issuer will pay interest on the Euro Fixed Rate Notes semi-annually on each February 15 and August 15, commencing February 15, 2015.
The Euro Floating Rate Notes will mature on August 15, 2020. Prior to August 15, 2015, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem all or a portion of the Euro Floating Rate Notes by paying the relevant ``make-whole'' premium. At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2015, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Euro Floating Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth herein.
The NOK Floating Rate Notes will mature on August 15, 2020. Prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem all or a portion of the NOK Floating Rate Notes by paying the relevant ``make-whole'' premium. At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the NOK Floating Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth herein. In addition, prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem up to 40% of the NOK Floating Rate Notes with the net proceeds from certain equity offerings.
The Euro Fixed Rate Notes will mature on August 15, 2021. Prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem all or a portion of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes by paying the relevant ``make-whole'' premium. At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth herein. In addition, prior to August 15 , 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem up to 40% of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes with the net proceeds from certain equity offerings. Prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem during each 12-month period commencing on the Issue Date up to 10% of the aggregate principal outstanding amount of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes at its option, from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 103% of the principal amount of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any.
The Senior Notes Issuer will pay interest on the Euro Senior Notes semi-annually on each February 15 and August 15, commencing February 15, 2015. The Senior Notes Issuer will pay interest on the SEK Floating Rate Notes quarterly on each February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, commencing February 15, 2015. The SEK Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of: (i) three-month STIBOR; and (ii) 8.7750% per annum, reset quarterly. The Euro Senior Notes will mature on August 15, 2022. Prior to August 15, 2018, the Senior Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem all or a portion of the Euro Senior Notes by paying the relevant ``make-whole'' premium. At any time on or after August 15, 2018, the Senior Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Euro Senior Notes at the redemption prices set forth herein. In addition, prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem up to 40% of the Euro Senior Notes with the net proceeds from certain equity offerings.
The SEK Floating Rate Notes will mature on August 15, 2022. Prior to August 15, 2018, the Senior Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem all or a portion of the SEK Floating Rate Notes by paying the relevant ``make-whole'' premium. At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2018, the Senior Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the SEK Floating Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth herein. In addition, prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Notes Issuer may, at its option, redeem up to 40% of the SEK Floating Rate Notes with the net proceeds from certain equity offerings.
Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control, or if the Issuers sell certain of their assets, the Issuers may be required to make an offer to purchase the Notes. In the event of certain developments affecting taxation, the Issuers may redeem all, but not less than all, of the Notes.
Pending consummation of the Acquisition, the Initial Purchasers (as defined herein) will, concurrently with the issuance of the Notes on the Issue Date (as defined herein), deposit the gross proceeds of the offerings of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes into segregated escrow accounts, each in the name of the relevant Issuer. The release of the escrowed proceeds will be subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. If the conditions to the release of the escrowed proceeds have not been satisfied on or prior to February 10, 2015, the Notes will be subject to a special mandatory redemption at a redemption price of each series of Notes equal to 100% of the aggregate initial issue price of such series of Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest from the Issue Date to such special mandatory redemption date and additional amounts, if any. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption.''
The Senior Secured Notes will be senior secured obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer. On the Issue Date, the Senior Secured Notes will not benefit from any guarantees. The Senior Secured Notes will be guaranteed on a senior secured basis, within 90 days of the Completion Date, by the Post-Completion Date Guarantors (as defined herein). The guarantees will be joint and several and full and unconditional. In addition, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will agree to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL (the ``Additional Spanish Guarantors'' and, together with the Post-Completion Date Guarantors, the ``Senior Secured Notes Guarantors'') to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes on a senior secured basis within six months of the Completion Date. As of the Issue Date, each series of the Senior Secured Notes will be secured only by a first-ranking charge over the deposit in the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Accounts and the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's rights in the agreement governing such accounts. On the Completion Date, the Senior Secured Notes will be secured, subject to agreed security principles, over the Senior Secured Notes Completion Date Collateral (as defined herein). In addition, following the Completion Date, the Senior Secured Notes will be secured by certain additional assets as described herein. Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined herein), in the event of enforcement of the Senior Secured Notes Collateral (as defined herein), holders of the Senior Secured Notes will receive proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes Collateral only after creditors that are entitled to receive such proceeds on a superpriority basis, including lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein) and certain hedging counterparties, have been repaid in full.
The Senior Notes will be senior obligations of the Senior Notes Issuer. The Senior Notes will be guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis (the ``Senior Notes Guarantees'' and, together with the Senior Secured Notes Guarantees, the ``Guarantees''), as of the Completion Date, by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and, within 90 days of the Completion Date, by the Post-Completion Date Guarantors. The guarantees will be joint and several and full and unconditional. In addition, the Senior Notes Issuer has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to guarantee the Senior Notes on a senior subordinated basis within six months of the Completion Date (such guarantors, collectively, the ``Senior Notes Guarantors'' and together with the Senior Secured Notes Guarantors, the ``Guarantors''). As of the Issue Date, the Senior Notes will be secured by a first-ranking charge over the deposit in the Senior Notes Escrow Accounts and the Senior Notes Issuer's rights in the agreement governing such accounts. On the Completion Date, subject to agreed security principles, the Senior Notes will be secured by the Senior Notes Completion Date Collateral (as defined herein).
On October 6, 2014, the Acquisition was consummated and the other conditions to release of the escrowed proceeds were satisfied. Accordingly, the proceeds from the offering of the Notes were released from their respective escrow accounts. On or around the same date, the 10 Business Day Senior Notes Collateral and the 10 Business Day Senior Secured Notes Collateral were put into place. Additionally, the Issuers utilized g50 million under the Revolving Credit Facility to partially fund the Acquisition and utilised an additional g25 million for general corporate purposes on October 7, 2014. The Issuers are now entities owned directly or indirectly by Cidron 2013 Ltd., which is 84.6% controlled by Nordic Capital Fund VIII, 65% controlled by the Altor Funds and 8.9% controlled by Investor and excluding any impact of the Shareholder Notes on the ownership percentages for the shareholders. The information in this Offering Memorandum has not been updated to reflect these events. Any information mentioned in relation thereto should be understood in the context of this update. All other information in the Listing Particulars is up to date.
There is currently no public market for the Notes. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc for the approval of this document as Listing Particulars (``Listing Particulars''). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Euro Floating Rate Notes, the Euro Fixed Rate Notes and the Euro Senior Notes (together, the ``Euro-denominated Notes'') and the SEK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Global Exchange Market which is the exchange regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange. There can be no assurance that any such application will be successful or that any such listing will be granted or maintained. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC. Application has been made for the NOK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Børs (the ``Oslo Børs''). There can be no assurances that the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo Børs.
The Notes will be issued in the form of one or more global notes in book-entry form. The Issuers expect that the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes will be deposited and registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (``Euroclear'') and Clearstream Banking, socie´te´ anonyme (``Clearstream'') on or about the Issue Date and, in the case of the NOK Floating Rate Notes, the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA) on or about the Issue Date.
See ``Risk Factors'' beginning on page 32 for a discussion of certain risks that you should consider in connection with an investment in the Notes.
Price for the Euro Floating Rate Notes: 99.000% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date
Price for the NOK Floating Rate Notes: 100.000% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date
Price for the Euro Fixed Rate Notes: 100.000% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date
Price for the Euro Senior Notes: 100.000% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date
Price for the SEK Floating Rate Notes: 100.000% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ``U.S. Securities Act''), or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. The Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account of U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. In the United States, this offering is being made only to ``Qualified Institutional Buyers'' (as defined under Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act (``Rule 144A'') that are also Qualified Purchasers (``QP'') (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the ``U.S. Investment Company Act'')). Outside of the United States, this offering is being made to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act (``Regulation S''). The NOK Floating Rate Notes are not being offered, and will not be sold, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. You are hereby notified that sellers of the Euro Floating Rate Notes, Euro Fixed Rate Notes and the Senior Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. See ``Transfer Restrictions'' for additional information about eligible offerees and resale restrictions.
Offering of the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes

Goldman Sachs International
Global Coordinator and Physical Bookrunner
Goldman Sachs International
Global Coordinator and Joint Physical Bookrunner

Deutsche Bank
Joint Bookrunners
Offering of the NOK Floating Rate Notes
Nordea
Joint Physical Bookrunner

Nordea
Deutsche Bank
Joint Bookrunner

The date of this offering memorandum is December 2, 2014.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM
We have prepared this offering memorandum (the ``Offering Memorandum'') based on information we have or have obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. Summaries of documents contained in this Offering Memorandum may not be complete. None of us or any of the Initial Purchasers represent that the information herein is complete. The information in this Offering Memorandum is current only as at the date on the cover, and our business or financial condition and other information in this Offering Memorandum may change after that date. Neither the delivery of this Offering Memorandum nor any sale made hereunder shall under any circumstances imply that the information herein is correct as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover of this Offering Memorandum. Information in this Offering Memorandum is not legal, tax or business advice; accordingly, you should consult your own legal, tax and business advisors regarding an investment in the Notes.
You should base your decision to invest in the Notes solely on information contained in this Offering Memorandum. Neither we nor the Initial Purchasers have authorized anyone to provide you with any different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it.
We are offering the Notes, and the Guarantors (as defined herein) are issuing the Guarantees, in reliance on an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act for an offer and sale of securities that does not involve a public offering. The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. Neither of the Issuers has registered, and neither of the Issuers intends to register, as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act, in reliance on the exemption provided in Section 3(c)(7) thereof. The Notes (other than the NOK Floating Rate Notes) may be offered, sold or delivered in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A only to persons that are both ``qualified institutional buyers'' within the meaning of Rule 144A and ``qualified purchasers'' within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (each a ``Qualified Purchaser'' or ``QP'') acting for their own account or for the account of another QIB that is a QP. If you purchase the Notes, you will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments, representations and warranties as detailed under ``Transfer Restrictions.'' The NOK Floating Rate Notes are not being offered, and will not be sold, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act). You may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period. Neither we nor the Initial Purchasers are making an offer to sell the Notes in any jurisdiction where the offer and sale of the Notes is prohibited. Neither we nor any of the Initial Purchasers make any representation to you that the Notes are a legal investment for you. No action has been, or will be, taken to permit a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose.
Each prospective purchaser of the Notes must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells the Notes and must obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of the Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or sales, and neither we nor the Initial Purchasers shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any U.S. state securities commission or any non-U.S. securities authority or other authority has approved or disapproved of the Notes and/or Guarantees or determined if this Offering Memorandum is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
We have prepared this Offering Memorandum solely for use in connection with this offering. You may not distribute this Offering Memorandum or make photocopies of it without our prior written consent other than to people you have retained to advise you in connection with this offering of the Notes.
We accept responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Memorandum. To our best knowledge, the information contained in this Offering Memorandum is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of this Offering Memorandum. No person is authorized in connection with the offering made pursuant to this Offering Memorandum to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Offering Memorandum, and, if given or made, any other information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us or the Initial Purchasers. This Offering Memorandum may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by the Initial Purchasers the
i

Trustee, Registrars, Security Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Norwegian Paying Agent or Transfer Agent as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information set out in this Offering Memorandum, and nothing contained in this Offering Memorandum is or shall be relied upon as a promise or representation by the Initial Purchasers, whether as to the past or as to the future.
We have prepared this Offering Memorandum solely for use in connection with the offer of the Notes to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A that are also QPs and to non-U.S. persons (within the meaning of Regulation S) outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S as described in this Offering Memorandum. You agree that you will hold the information contained in this Offering Memorandum and the transactions contemplated hereby in confidence. You may not distribute this Offering Memorandum to any person, other than a person retained to advise you in connection with the purchase of the Notes.
We and the Initial Purchasers may reject any offer to purchase the Notes in whole or in part, sell less than the entire principal amount of the Notes offered hereby or allocate to any purchaser less than all of the Notes for which it has subscribed.
The information set out in relation to sections of this Offering Memorandum describing clearing and settlement arrangements, including the section entitled ``Book-Entry, Delivery and Form,'' is subject to change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and in the case of the NOK Floating Rate Notes, the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA) (the ``VPS''), currently in effect. While we accept responsibility for accurately summarizing the information concerning Euroclear, Clearstream and the VPS, we accept no further responsibility in respect of such information.
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market and for the NOK Floating Rate Notes to be listed on the Oslo Børs, and we intend to submit this Offering Memorandum to the competent authorities in connection with the listing applications. In the course of any review by the competent authority, the Issuers may be requested to make changes to the financial and other information included in this Offering Memorandum. Comments by the competent authority may require significant modification or reformulation of information contained in this Offering Memorandum or may require the inclusion of additional information, including financial information in respect of the Guarantors. The Issuers may also be required to update the information in this Offering Memorandum to reflect changes in our business, financial condition or results of operations and prospects. We cannot guarantee that either our application for the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and to trading on the Global Exchange Market thereof, or our application for the NOK Floating Rate Notes to be listed on the Oslo Børs, will be approved as of the settlement date for the Notes or any date thereafter, and settlement of the Notes is not conditioned on obtaining this listing.
The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the U.S. Securities Act and applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. Prospective purchasers should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. See ``Transfer Restrictions.''
Stabilization
IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING OF THE NOTES, GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL (THE ``STABILIZING MANAGER'') (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILIZING MANAGER) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THE STABILIZING MANAGER (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILIZING MANAGER) WILL UNDERTAKE STABILIZATION ACTION. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE FINAL TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY BE ENDED AT ANY TIME, BUT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 CALENDAR DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES AND 60 CALENDAR DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE NOTES.
ii

Notice to New Hampshire Residents
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE HAS BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES ANNOTATED, 1995, AS AMENDED (``RSA 421-B''), WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES A FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS TRUE, COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS THAT THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR QUALIFICATIONS OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON, SECURITY OR TRANSACTION. IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER, CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH.
Notice to Certain Other Investors
European Economic Area. Each of the Initial Purchasers has represented and agreed that, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus Directive (as defined below) (each, a ``Relevant Member State''), with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the ``Relevant Implementation Date''), it has not made and will not make an offer of the Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of the Notes to the public in the Relevant Member State at any time:
(a) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive;
(b) to fewer than 100 or, if the Relevant Member State has implemented the relevant provision of the 2010 PD Amending Directive (as defined below), 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant dealer or dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive;
provided that no such offer of the Notes shall require the publication by any of the Issuer, or the Initial Purchasers of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive.
For the purposes of this restriction, the expression an ``offer of the Notes to the public'' in relation to any Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Member State, the expression ``Prospectus Directive'' means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the Relevant Member State), and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Relevant Member State and the expression ``2010 PD Amending Directive'' means Directive 2010/73/EU.
Belgium. The Notes are not offered, directly or indirectly, to the public in Belgium. The Notes are being offered in Belgium to qualified investors only, within the meaning of Article 3, §2, a) and 10 of the Belgian law of June 16, 2006 on the public offering of securities and admission of securities to trading on a regulated market (``Belgian Prospectus Law'') and/or on the basis of the other exemptions set out in Article 3, §2 of the Belgian Prospectus Law. Accordingly, these Listing Particulars has not been and will not be notified to, or approved by, the Belgian banking, finance and insurance commission (Commissie voor het bank-, financie- en assurantiewezen/Commission bancaire, financie´re et des assurances). This offering can not be advertised and these Listing Particulars and any other information, circular, brochure or similar documents may not be distributed, directly or indirectly, in Belgium other than to said qualified investors or, as the case may be, other than on the basis of the other exemptions set out in Article 3, §2 of the Belgian Prospectus Law.
France. This Offering Memorandum has not been prepared in the context of a public offering of financial securities in France within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code mone´taire et
iii

financier and Title I of Book II of the Re`glement Ge´ne´ral of the Autorite´ des marche´s financiers (the French financial markets authority, or ``AMF''). Consequently, the Notes have not been and will not be, directly or indirectly, offered or sold to the public in France (``offre au public de titres financiers''), and neither this Offering Memorandum nor any offering or marketing materials relating to the Notes have been distributed or caused to be distributed and must be distributed or caused to be distributed to the public in France.
The Notes have only and will only be offered, sold or distributed in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifie´s) and/or to persons providing investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour le compte de tiers), all as defined in and in accordance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code mone´taire et financier.
Germany. The offering is not a public offering in the Federal Republic of Germany. The Notes may only be offered, sold and acquired in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Prospectus Act of the Federal Republic of Germany (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (the ``Securities Prospectus Act''), as amended, the Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 of April 29, 2004, as amended, and any other applicable German law. No application will be made under German law to permit a public offer of Notes in the Federal Republic of Germany. This Offering Memorandum has not been approved for purposes of a public offer of the Notes and accordingly the Notes may not be, and are not being, offered or advertised publicly or by public promotion in the Federal Republic of Germany. Therefore, this Offering Memorandum is strictly for private use and the offer is only being made to recipients to whom the document is personally addressed and does not constitute an offer or advertisement to the public. The Notes will only be available to and this Offering Memorandum and any other offering material in relation to the Notes is directed only at persons who are qualified investors (qualifizierte Anleger) within the meaning of Section 2 No. 6 of the German Securities Prospectus Act. Any resale of the Notes in the Federal Republic of Germany may only be made in accordance with the German Securities Prospectus Act and other applicable laws. The Issuer has not, and does not intend to, file a securities prospectus with the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt fu¨r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) (``BaFin'') or obtain a notification to the BaFin from another competent authority of a member state of the European Economic Area, with which a securities prospectus may have been filed and approved, pursuant to Section 17 Para. 3 of the Securities Prospectus Act.
The Netherlands. The Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Memorandum are not and may not be offered in the Netherlands other than to persons or entities which are qualified investors as defined in article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht or the ``AFS''). Each purchaser of Notes described in this Offering Memorandum located in the Netherlands will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a qualified investor (gekwalificeerde beleggers) as defined in section 1:1 of the AFS. For the purposes of this provision, the expression an ``offer of Notes to the public'' in relation to any Notes in the Netherlands means to make a sufficiently specific offer addressed to more than one person as referred to in section 217(1) of Book 6 of the Dutch Civil Code to conclude a contract to purchase or otherwise acquire the notes, or to issue an invitation to make an offer of the notes.
Norway. This Offering Memorandum has not been and will not be registered with the Norwegian prospectus authority. Accordingly, this Offering Memorandum may not be made available, nor may Notes otherwise be marketed or offered for sale, in Norway other than in circumstances that are exempted from the prospectus requirements under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (2007) chapter 7.
Spain. The Notes may not be offered or sold in Spain except in accordance with the requirements of the Spanish Securities Market Law 24/1988, of July 28 (Ley 24/1988, de 28 de Julio, del Mercado de Valores), as amended and restated, and Royal Decree 1310/2005, of November 4, on the listing of securities, public offers and applicable prospectus, as amended (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores en materia de admisio´n a negociacio´n de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas pu´blicas de venta o suscripcio´n y del folleto exigible a tales efectos) (the ``Spanish Securities Market Law''). The Notes may not be sold, offered or distributed to persons in Spain, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer (oferta pu´blica) of securities in Spain, within the meaning of the Spanish Securities Market Law. Neither the Notes, this offering nor this Offering Memorandum and its contents have been approved or registered with the Spanish Securities and Exchange Commission (Comisio´n
iv

Nacional del Mercado de Valores), and therefore it is not intended for the public offering or sale of Notes in Spain.
Sweden. This Offering Memorandum is not a prospectus and has not been prepared in accordance with the prospectus requirements provided for in the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (lagen (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) nor any other Swedish enactment. Neither the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) nor any other Swedish public body has examined, approved or registered this Offering Memorandum or will examine, approve or register this Offering Memorandum. Accordingly, this Offering Memorandum may not be made available, nor may the Notes otherwise be marketed and offered for sale, in Sweden other than in circumstances that constitute an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act.
United Kingdom. The issue and distribution of this Offering Memorandum is restricted by law. This Offering Memorandum is not being distributed by, nor has it been approved for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ``FSMA'') by, a person authorized under the FSMA. This Offering Memorandum is for distribution only to persons who: (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments (being investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended, (the ``Financial Promotion Order'')); (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (``high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.'') of the Financial Promotion Order; (iii) are outside the United Kingdom; or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes may otherwise lawfully be communicated or cause to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ``relevant persons''). This Offering Memorandum is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. No part of this Offering Memorandum should be published, reproduced, distributed or otherwise made available in whole or in part to any other person without the prior written consent of the Issuers. The Notes are not being offered or sold to any person in the United Kingdom, except in circumstances that will not result in an offer of securities to the public in the United Kingdom within the meaning of Part VI of the FSMA.
Notice to U.S. Investors
The offering of the Notes (other than the NOK Floating Rate Notes) is being made in the United States in reliance upon an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act for an offer and sale of the Notes that does not involve a public offering. In making your purchase, you will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments, representations and agreements. See ``Transfer Restrictions.''
This Offering Memorandum is being provided: (1) to a limited number of U.S. investors that the Issuers reasonably believe to be ``qualified institutional buyers'' under Rule 144A of the U.S. Securities Act, as amended (``Rule 144A'') that are also ``qualifed purchasers'' within the meaning of section (2)(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the ``Investment Company Act'') for informational use solely in connection with their consideration of the purchase of the Notes (other than the NOK Floating Rate Notes); and (2) to non-U.S. investors outside the United States in connection with offshore transactions complying with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act, as amended (``Regulation S''). The Notes described in this Offering Memorandum have not been registered with, recommended by or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ``SEC''), any state securities commission in the United States or any other securities commission or regulatory authority, nor has the SEC, any state securities commission in the United States or any such securities commission or authority passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Offering Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. The NOK Floating Rate Notes will not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT YOU SHOULD READ BEFORE YOU MAKE ANY DECISION WITH RESPECT TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES.
v

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Offering Memorandum contains various ``forward-looking statements'' that reflect management's current view with respect to future events and anticipated financial and operational performance. Forward-looking statements as a general matter are all statements other than statements as to historical fact or present facts or circumstances. The words ``believe,'' ``expect,'' ``anticipate,'' ``intend,'' ``may,'' ``plan,'' ``estimate,'' ``will,'' ``should,'' ``could,'' ``aim'' or ``might'' and similar expressions or the negatives of these expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Other forward-looking statements can be identified in the context in which the statements are made. Forward-looking statements occur in a number of places in this Offering Memorandum, including, without limitation, in the sections entitled ``Summary,'' ``Risk Factors,'' ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,'' ``Industry Overview'' and ``Our Business'' and include, among other things, statements relating to: · our strategy, outlook and growth prospects; · our operational and financial targets and dividend policy; · our liquidity, capital resources and capital expenditure; · our planned investments, acquisitions and/or divestments; · the expectations as to future growth in demand for our products and services; · the impact of regulations on us and our operations; · the impact of changes in tax regulations that we are subject to; · the competitive environment in which we operate; and · the outcome of legal proceedings. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can provide no assurances that such expectations will prove to be correct and that such statements are not guarantees of future performance because they are based on numerous assumptions. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date on which it is made and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Important risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: · changes in the economic conditions in the markets in which we operate; · insufficient supply of portfolios to purchase and willingness of clients to outsource debt collection to
us; · inability to compete with businesses that may offer more attractive prices or have greater financing
resources; · reliance on clients in the financial services industry; · inability to manage our international operations and expansion plans; · deterioration in the value of our existing portfolios; · inability to purchase portfolios at sufficient levels, appropriate prices or of sufficient quality due to a
lack of supply or lack of funding; · inability to replace terminated or expired forward flow agreements; · inability to maintain and develop our IT or data analysis systems or anticipate, manage or adopt
technological advances within our industry; · failure to maintain IT security or protect our data analysis system; · breach of data protection laws; · negative attention relating to the CMS industry in general, or to us in particular; · reliance on our senior management team and trained employees;
vi

· failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and codes of practice or changes to the regulatory environment in which we operate;
· failure to apply for, possess or maintain the required licenses as prescribed by the applicable laws, rules and regulations; and
· failure of our statistical models and data analysis tools to accurately project remaining cash flows from our portfolios.
Additional factors that could cause our actual results or performance to differ materially, include, but are not limited to, those discussed under ``Risk Factors.'' These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Offering Memorandum. We expressly undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law or regulation. You should interpret all subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf as being qualified by the cautionary statements in this Offering Memorandum. Accordingly, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of the forward-looking statements herein.
vii

PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Financial Information
The Issuers are holding companies formed for the purpose of facilitating the Acquisition and are not expected to engage in any activities other than those related to their formation, the Acquisition and the financing of the Acquisition and the incurrence of indebtedness in the future to the extent permitted by the indentures governing the Notes. The Issuers' only material assets and liabilities are currently, and are expected in the future to be, their interests in the issued and outstanding shares of their respective subsidiaries and their outstanding indebtedness and inter-company balances incurred in connection with the Acquisition and the other transactions described in the Offering Memorandum. We do not present in this Offering Memorandum any financial information or financial statements of the Issuers.
This Offering Memorandum contains the following financial information:
· the audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto of the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, which have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (``IFRS'') as adopted by the European Union and audited by our independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, as set forth in their audit report included elsewhere herein; and
· the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto of the Company as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and reviewed by our independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, as set forth in their review report included elsewhere herein.
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented in this Offering Memorandum is the historical consolidated financial information of the Company.
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. These standards also require management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.
The pro forma financial information and the audited financial statements includes both Guarantor information and information for the subsidiaries of Lindorff that are not Guarantors.
Non-IFRS Financial Measures
In this Offering Memorandum, we present EBITDA, EBITDA Margin and Adjusted EBITDA and certain related leverage and coverage ratios, as we believe they are helpful to investors as measures of our operating performance and ability to service our debt. These measures are not measures of financial performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to other indicators of our operating performance, cash flows or any other measure of performance derived in accordance with IFRS, and they may not accurately reflect our performance, liquidity or our ability to incur debt. EBITDA, EBITDA Margin and Adjusted EBITDA are used by management as an indicator of our operating performance.
· EBITDA means profit and loss for the period before income tax expense, net financial costs and depreciation and amortization of non-financial assets.
· EBITDA margin represents EBITDA as a percentage of revenue.
· Adjusted EBITDA means profit and loss for the period before income tax expense, net financial costs and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back portfolio amortization and revaluations of purchased loans and receivables to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA does not include any adjustments for non-recurring or extraordinary expenses.
For a reconciliation of our profit and loss for the period and net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, see ``Summary Historical Consolidated Financial and Other Data.''
The non-IFRS financial measures presented herein are not recognized measures of financial performance under IFRS, but measures used by management to monitor the underlying performance of
viii

our business and operations. In particular, the non-IFRS financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for revenue, other income, results from operating activities (EBIT), profit/(loss) for the period, cash flows from operating activities at period end or other income statement or cash flow items computed in accordance with IFRS. The non-IFRS financial measures do not necessarily indicate whether cash flow will be sufficient or available to meet our cash requirements and may not be indicative of our historical operating results, nor are such measures meant to be predictive of our future results. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a substitute for, an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS. Some of these limitations are:
· they do not reflect cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;
· they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital needs;
· they do not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments; and
· although depreciation, amortization and impairment are non cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will generally need to be replaced in the future and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements that would be required for such replacements.
We have presented these non-IFRS measures in this Offering Memorandum because we consider them to be important supplemental measures of our performance and believe that they are widely used by investors comparing performance between companies. Since not all companies compute these or other non-IFRS financial measures in the same way, the manner in which our management has chosen to compute the non-IFRS financial measures presented herein may not be comparable with similarly defined terms used by other companies.
These measures as presented in this Offering Memorandum are not measures of financial performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to other indicators of our operating performance, cash flows or any other measure of performance derived in accordance with IFRS. The definitions of these measures may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies. They have not been prepared in accordance with SEC requirements, IFRS or the accounting standards of any other jurisdiction. The financial information included in this Offering Memorandum is not intended to comply with the reporting requirements of the SEC and will not be subject to review by the SEC. In making an investment decision, investors should rely upon their own examination of the terms of the offering of the Notes and the financial information contained in this Offering Memorandum.
Key Operating Metrics
In this Offering Memorandum, we present various key operating metrics. We believe that these metrics are helpful in understanding our performance from period to period and facilitate comparison with our peers. The key operating metrics included in this Offering Memorandum are defined as follows:
· Collection Cost ratio: Collection cost ratio means, in relation to debt purchase, cost to collect relative to gross collections.
· Gross Contribution: Gross contribution is calculated on a segment basis and means the total operating revenue of the segment less the direct operating expenses attributable to the respective segment.
· Gross Contribution Margin: Gross contribution margin is calculated on a segment basis and means the gross contribution of the segment as a percentage of total operating revenue of the respective segment.
· Effective Interest Rate (``EIR''): EIR means under IFRS the effective interest rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or financial liability. For us, this means that the EIR is set based on the ERC at the date of purchase and the portfolio's purchase price. If appropriate, the EIR is reassessed and adjusted up to 12 months after the purchase of the portfolio to reflect refinements made to our estimates of future cash flows based on enhanced data and analysis considered during that time period.
ix

· Estimated Remaining Collections (``ERC''): ERC means our estimated remaining collections on our portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables. ERC is calculated as at a point in time, assuming no additional purchases are made thereafter. These expectations are based on historical and current portfolio collection performance data, and trends and assumptions about future debt collection rates. We can provide no assurances that we will achieve such collections within the specified time periods, or at all. ERC is a measure that is also often used by other companies in the Credit Management Services (``CMS'') industry. However, it may be calculated differently by other companies. We present ERC because it represents an estimate of the anticipated future cash collections on our purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables at any point in time, which is an important supplemental measure used by our management to assess our performance, and underscores the cash generation capacity of the assets backing our business. We use ERC as the business case forecast horizon when purchasing portfolios. We also use it for accounting purposes and because it is used under our credit facilities to monitor our performance when the lenders are providing funding of portfolio purchases. In this Offering Memorandum we present ERC, which is our estimated remaining debt collections on our purchased portfolios over an 180 month period.
· Gross cash-on-cash multiple: Gross cash-on-cash multiple means the actual gross collections to date, plus the ERC divided by the total amount paid for the portfolio at the date of purchase.
· Return on purchased debt: Return on purchased debt means revenue less direct operating expenses divided by the average book value of purchased loans and receivables.
Other Information
In this Offering Memorandum, all references to: (i) ``EUR'' or ``e'' are to euro, the single currency of the member states (the ``Member States'') of the European Union participating in the European Monetary Union having adopted the euro as its lawful currency; (ii) ``NOK'' are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway; (iii) ``SEK'' are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden; and (iv) ``USD'' and ``U.S. dollar'' are to the lawful currency of the United States. For certain information regarding rates of exchange between euro and NOK and euro and SEK, see ``Exchange Rates.'' No representation is made that the EUR, NOK or SEK amounts referred to herein could have been or could be covered into EUR, NOK or SEK, as the case may be, at the rates referred to in ``Exchange Rates,'' at any particular rate, or at all.
Certain numerical information and other amounts and percentages presented in this Offering Memorandum may not sum due to rounding. In addition, certain figures in this document have been rounded to the nearest whole number.
Trademarks
We own or have rights to certain trademarks, trade names or service marks that we use in connection with the operation of our business. We assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our trademarks, trade names and service marks.
Each trademark, trade name or service mark of any other company appearing in this Offering Memorandum belongs to its holder. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names and copyrights referred to in this Offering Memorandum are listed without the ,  and  symbols.
Rounding
Certain numerical figures set out in this Offering Memorandum, including financial data presented in millions or thousands and percentages describing market shares, have been subject to rounding adjustments and, as a result, the totals of the data in this Offering Memorandum may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such information. Percentages and amounts reflecting changes over time periods relating to financial and other data set forth in ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' are calculated using the numerical data in our consolidated financial statements or the tabular presentation of other data (subject to rounding) contained in this Offering Memorandum, as applicable, and not using the numerical data in the narrative description thereof.
x

PRESENTATION OF INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA
This Offering Memorandum contains statistics, data and other information relating to markets, market sizes, market shares, market positions and other industry data pertaining to our business and markets. Unless otherwise indicated, such information is based on our analysis of multiple sources, including a market study (the ``Company Market Study'') we commissioned from a leading international third party consultancy firm (the ``Market Consultancy Firm'') and information otherwise obtained. Such information has been accurately reproduced, and, as far as we are aware from such information, no facts have been omitted which would render the information provided inaccurate or misleading. The Company Market Study is based on primary interviews and field visits conducted with industry experts and participants, secondary market research and internal financial and operational information supplied by, or on behalf of, us.
We also provide information from our European Credit Outlook Report 2014 (the ``European Credit Outlook Report''), which includes or is otherwise based on information obtained from publicly available sources in the markets in which we operate and primary interviews with industry experts and participants. For the avoidance of doubt, our European Credit Outlook Report is not incorporated by reference into this Offering Memorandum.
Industry publications or reports generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. We have not independently verified and cannot give any assurance as to the accuracy of market data contained in this Offering Memorandum that were extracted or derived from these industry publications or reports. Market data and statistics are inherently predictive and subject to uncertainty and not necessarily reflective of actual market conditions. Such statistics are based on market research, which itself is based on sampling and subjective judgments by both the researchers and the respondents, including judgments about what types of products and transactions should be included in the relevant market.
This Offering Memorandum also contains estimates of market data and information derived therefrom that cannot be gathered from publications by market research institutions or any other independent sources. Such information is prepared by us based on third-party sources and our own internal estimates, including studies of the market that we have commissioned. In many cases there is no publicly available information on such market data, for example from industry associations, public authorities or other organizations and institutions. We believe that our estimates of market data and information derived therefrom are helpful in order to give investors a better understanding of the industry in which we operate as well as our position within the industry. Although we believe that our internal market observations are reliable, our own estimates are not reviewed or verified by any external sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the industry or similar data presented herein, such data involves risks and uncertainties and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the headings ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information'' and ``Risk Factors'' in this Offering Memorandum.
Exchange Rates
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain information concerning the exchange rates for Swedish kronor (``SEK''), expressed in SEK per e1.00, and NOK, expressed in NOK per e1.00, in each case based upon the Bloomberg Composite Rate and rounded to four decimal places. The Bloomberg Composite Rate is a ``best market'' calculation, in which, at any point in time, the bid rate is equal to the highest bid rate of all contributing bank indications and the ask rate is set to the lowest ask rate offered by these banks. The Bloomberg Composite Rate is a mid-value rate between the applied highest bid rate and the lowest ask rate. The rates may differ from the actual rates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and other financial information appearing in this Offering Memorandum. ``Average'' means the average of the exchange rates on the last business day of each month for annual averages and the average of the exchange rates on each business day during the relevant period for monthly averages. These exchange rates are provided only for the convenience of the reader. No representation is made that amounts in SEK or NOK have been, could have been, or could be
xi

converted into euro, or vice versa. As of July 30, 2014, the Bloomberg Composite rates were 9.2321 SEK per e1.00 and 8.4225 NOK per e1.00.

Year
2009 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2010 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2011 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2014 (through July 30) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Period End
10.2520 8.9655 8.9120 8.5820 8.8591 9.2321

Month in 2014 January . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . May . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . July (through July 30) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8.8509 8.8525 8.9205 9.0172 9.1224 9.1577 9.2321

SEK per g1.00

Average

High

10.6191 9.5373 9.0298 8.7041 8.6515 8.9979

11.7135 10.2723
9.3127 9.1356 9.0604 9.3027

8.8339 8.8721 8.8646 9.0445 9.0313 9.0919 9.2315

8.9260 8.9953 8.9364 9.1285 9.1224 9.1828 9.3027

Low
10.0778 8.9630 8.7090 8.2077 8.2931 8.7589
8.7661 8.7718 8.8203 8.8990 8.9765 8.9924 9.1548

Year
2009 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2010 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2011 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2014 (through July 30) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Period End
8.3005 7.7976 7.7457 7.3357 8.3590 8.4225

NOK per g1.00

Average

High

8.7401 8.0072 7.7980 7.4786 7.8117 8.2963

9.7350 8.3050 7.9427 7.7432 8.5357 8.5009

Low
8.2950 7.7383 7.5326 7.2606 7.2908 8.1054

Month in 2014 January . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . May . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . July (through July 30) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8.4746 8.2787 8.2455 8.2455 8.1567 8.3956 8.4225

8.3916 8.3559 8.2915 8.2590 8.1595 8.2176 8.3918

8.4746 8.5009 8.3563 8.3255 8.2636 8.3956 8.4381

8.3216 8.2787 8.2342 8.2209 8.1176 8.1054 8.3362

The above rates differ from the actual rates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and other financial information appearing in this Offering Memorandum. The euro equivalent amount of the SEK Floating Rate Notes has been calculated based on an exchange rate of 9.2350 SEK per e1.00. The euro equivalent amount of the NOK Floating Rate Notes has been calculated based on an exchange rate of 8.4150 NOK per e1.00. Our inclusion of the exchange rate information set forth above is not meant to suggest that the euro amounts actually represent SEK or NOK amounts or that these amounts could have been converted into SEK or NOK at any particular rate, if at all.

xii

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY
The following terms used in this Offering Memorandum have the meanings assigned to them below (unless the context requires otherwise):

Definitions Related to the Offering of the Notes

``10 Business Day Senior Notes Collateral'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
``10 Business Day Senior Secured Notes Collateral'' . . . . . . . . . . . .

the second ranking pledge over the intercompany receivables owed by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer to the Senior Notes Issuer.
(a) the first ranking pledge over the intercompany receivables owed by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer to the Senior Notes Issuer;

(b) the first ranking pledge over certain bank accounts of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer; and

(c) the first ranking pledge over the intercompany receivables owed by each Target Company to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.

``Acquisition'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the direct or indirect, as applicable, acquisition by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer of all of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Target Companies pursuant to the terms of the Acquisition Agreement.

``Acquisition Agreement'' . . . . . . . . the sale and purchase agreement with respect to shares in the Target Companies dated July 18, 2014 between the Sellers and the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.

``Additional Spanish Guarantors'' . . Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL.

``Additional Spanish Collateral'' . . . any collateral granted by an Additional Spanish Guarantor.

``Altor 2003 Fund'' . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Altor 2003 GP Limited, a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of Jersey, having its principal office at 11-15 Seaton Place, St Helier, Jersey JE4 0QH Channel Islands, as general partner of Altor 2003 Fund (No. 1) Limited Partnership, Altor 2003 Fund (No. 2) Limited Partnership, Altor 2003 Fund (Dutch No. 1) Limited Partnership, Altor 2003 Fund (No. 4) Limited Partnership and as investment manager for Altor 2003 Fund (No. 5) Limited.

``Altor 2003 Limited'' . . . . . . . . . . .

Altor 2003 Lindorff Holdings Limited, a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of Jersey, having its principal office at 11-15 Seaton Place, St Helier, Jersey JE4 0QH Channel Islands, and wholly-owned by Altor 2003 Fund.

``Altor II Limited'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Altor II Lindorff Holdings Limited, a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of Jersey, having its principal office at 11-15 Seaton Place, St Helier, Jersey JE4 0QH Channel Islands, and wholly-owned by Altor Fund II.

``Altor Fund II'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Altor Fund II GP Limited, a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of Jersey, having its principal office at 11-15 Seaton Place, St Helier, Jersey JE4 0QH Channel Islands, as general partner of Altor Fund II (No. 1) Limited Partnership, Altor Fund II (No. 2) Limited Partnership, Altor Fund II (No. 3) Limited Partnership and as investment manager to Altor Fund II (No. 4) Limited.

xiii

``Altor Funds'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Altor 2003 Limited and Altor II Limited.

``Articles of Association'' . . . . . . . . the articles of association of the Company.

``Board'' and ``Board of Directors'' . the Board of directors of the Company.

``Brussels I'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . European Council Regulation (EC) No 44/2001 of 22 December 2000 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.

``CAGR'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the compound annual growth rate, which is the average annual growth rate calculated over a given period.

``CMS'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Credit Management Services, see ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information--Key Operating Metrics.''

``Collateral'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Senior Secured Notes Collateral and the Senior Notes Collateral.

``Collection Platforms'' . . . . . . . . . . see ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and results of Operations--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations.''

``Companies Act'' and ``Swedish Companies Act'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Swedish Companies Act of 2005 (aktiebolagslagen 2005:551).

``Company'' or ``Lindorff'' . . . . . . . . refers to Lindorff AB.

``Completion Date'' . . . . . . . . . . . . the date on which the Acquisition is consummated.

``Convertible Loans'' . . . . . . . . . . . the total of five convertible loans held by Investor and Lindorff Coinvest AB, which are expected to become intercompany loans following the Transactions.

``DPA'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . a data protection authority.

``ECB'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . European Central Bank.

``EIR'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Effective Interest Rate, see ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information--Key Operating Metrics.''

``ERC'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Estimated Remaining Collections, see ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information--Key Operating Metrics.''

``Escrow Accounts'' . . . . . . . . . . . .

the Euro Floating Rate Notes Escrow Account, NOK Escrow Account, Euro Fixed Rate Notes Escrow Account, Euro Senior Notes Escrow Account and the SEK Escrow Account, collectively.

``Escrow Agent'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.

``Escrow Deeds'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Deed and the Senior Notes Escrow Deed, collectively.

``EU'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the European Union.

``EURIBOR'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . has the meaning ascribed to it under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes.''

``Euro Fixed Rate Notes'' . . . . . . . . the e550 million aggregate principal amount of 7.000% Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2021 offered hereby by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.

``Euro Fixed Rate Notes Escrow Account'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the escrow account into which the gross proceeds of the offering of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes will be deposited on the Issue Date.

xiv

``Euro Floating Rate Notes'' . . . . . . the e252.5 million aggregate principal amount of eurodenominated Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020 offered hereby by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.

``Euro Floating Rate Notes Escrow Account'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the escrow account into which the gross proceeds of the offering of the Euro Floating Rate Notes will be deposited on the Issue Date.

``Euro Senior Notes'' . . . . . . . . . . . the e250 million aggregate principal amount of 9.500% Senior Notes due 2022 of the Senior Notes Issuer.

``Euro Senior Notes Escrow Account'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the escrow account into which the gross proceeds of the offering of the Euro Senior Notes will be deposited on the Issue Date.

``European Economic Area'' or ``EEA'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the trading area established by the European Economic Area Agreement of January 1, 1994, comprising the member states of the European Union (currently, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom) and Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.

``Existing Credit Facilities'' . . . . . . .

the syndicated multicurrency loan facilities made available to the Target Group pursuant to the senior facilities agreement dated June 30, 2011, between, among others, Lindorff Group AB as Company and DnB NOR Bank ASA as facility agent, security agent and issuing bank, which will be repaid in full on or about the Completion Date.

``Existing Vendor Loan'' . . . . . . . . .

the vendor loan notes and the vendor loans issued thereunder by the Company on July 18, 2008 to sellers of shares and warrants in connection with the investment in the Group by our previous majority shareholders Investor and the Altor Funds, which will be repaid in full on or about the Completion Date.

``Floating Rate Notes'' . . . . . . . . . . the Euro Floating Rate Notes, the NOK Floating Rate Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes.

``FSMA'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended.

``GAAP'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . generally accepted accounting principles.

``GDP'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . gross domestic product.

``Group,'' ``we,'' ``our'' and ``us'' . . . collectively, the Company and its subsidiaries, including the Issuers, as the context requires.

``Group Management'' . . . . . . . . . . the management of the Group.

``Guarantors'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Senior Secured Notes Guarantors and Senior Notes Guarantors.

``Indentures'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and the Senior Notes Indenture.

``Initial Purchasers'' . . . . . . . . . . . . collectively, Goldman Sachs International, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Nordea Bank Danmark A/S.

``Intercreditor Agreement'' . . . . . . . the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date among, inter alios, Lock AS, Lower Lock Holding AS and any other entity which accedes to the intercreditor agreement

xv

as a debtor, the Security Agent, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the senior agent under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Trustee, which is described in more detail under ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.''

``Investor'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Investor AB (publ), Reg. No. 556013-8298, a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of Sweden, with business address: Arsenalsgatan 8 C, 103 22 Stockholm, Sweden.

``ISIN'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . International Security Identification Number.

``Issuers'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the Senior Notes Issuer.

``KPI'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . key performance indicator.

``Lugano II'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters.

``Mezzanine Facility'' . . . . . . . . . . .

the facilities made available pursuant to the mezzanine facilities agreement dated July 5, 2011, between, inter alios, Lindorff Second Holding AB as original borrower and DnB NOR Bank ASA as mezzanine facility agent and security agent, which are expected to become an intercompany loan following the Completion Date.

``NIBOR'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . has the meaning ascribed to it under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes.''

``NOK Escrow Account'' . . . . . . . . . the escrow account into which the gross proceeds of the offering of the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be deposited on the Issue Date.

``NOK Floating Rate Notes'' . . . . . . the NOK 1.68 billion aggregate principal amount of NOK-denominated Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020 offered hereby by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.

``Nordic'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Nordic CMS market includes CMS companies operating in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden.

``Nordic Capital Fund VIII'' . . . . . . . Nordic Capital VIII Limited, acting in its capacity as general partner of Nordic Capital VIII Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VIII Beta, L.P.

``Nordic Capital Funds'' . . . . . . . . .

each of: (i) Nordic Capital V Limited, acting in its capacity as general partner to Nordic Capital V, L.P. (``Nordic Capital Fund V''); (ii) Nordic Capital VI Limited, acting in its capacity as general partner to Nordic Capital VI Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VI Beta, L.P. (``Nordic Capital Fund VI''); (iii) Nordic Capital VII Limited, acting in its capacity as general partner to Nordic Capital VII Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VII Beta, L.P. (``Nordic Capital Fund VII''); (iv) Nordic Capital Fund VIII; and (v) any other funds launched as a ``Nordic Capital Fund'' from time to time.

``NPL'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . non-performing loan, what we define as a loan that has been in default for at least 90 days.

``Post-Completion Date Collateral''

the security interests/liens over the material assets of the Post-Completion Date Guarantors including certain of their bank accounts, insurance policies, intercompany and trade receivables and the shares in certain of their subsidiaries.

``Post-Completion Date Guarantors'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff

xvi

Co-Invest AB, Lindorff AB, Lindorff Second Holding AB, Lindorff Group AB, Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH, Lindorff Holding GmbH, Lindorff Deutschland GmbH, Lindorff Sverige Holding AB, Lindorff Capital AS, Lindorff Sverige AB, Lindorff Finland Oy, Lindorff Oy, Lindorff Invest Oy, Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V., Lindorff Netherlands B.V., Lindorff B.V., Lindorff Holding Norway AS, Lindorff Norge AS, Lindorff AS and Lindorff Danmark A/S.

``PPA'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . a portfolio purchase agreement.

``QP'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . a Qualified Purchaser as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act.

``Regulation S'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.

``Revolving Credit Facility'' . . . . . .

the e225 million revolving credit facility established under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, which is described in more detail under ``Description of Other Indebtedness-- Revolving Credit Facility Agreement.''

``Revolving Credit Facility Agreement'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the revolving credit facility agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date among, inter alios, Lock Lower Holding AS, Lock AS, Nordea Bank AB (publ), as facility agent, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as security agent, and Nordea Bank Norge ASA, as arranger, which is described in more detail under ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility.''

``Refinancing'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the transactions described herein under ``Summary--The Refinancing.''

``RFPs'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . a request for proposal.

``Rule 144A'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act.

``SEC'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

``Sellers'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Altor Funds, Investor and certain minority shareholders, including members of management, who hold an interest in one or more of the Target Companies.

``SEK Escrow Account'' . . . . . . . . . the escrow account into which the gross proceeds of the offering of the SEK Floating Rate Notes will be deposited on the Issue Date.

``SEK Floating Rate Notes'' . . . . . . the SEK 1.85 billion aggregate principal amount of SEKdenominated Senior Notes due 2022 offered by the Senior Notes Issuer.

``Senior Notes'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Euro Senior Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes.

``Senior Notes Collateral'' . . . . . . .
``Senior Notes Completion Date Collateral'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the Senior Notes Completion Date Collateral and the 10 Business Day Senior Notes Collateral.
(a) the first ranking pledge over the shares of the Senior Notes Issuer; and

(b) the second ranking share pledge over the shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.

``Senior Notes Escrow Accounts'' . the escrow accounts into which the gross proceeds of the offering of the Senior Notes will be deposited on the Issue Date.

xvii

``Senior Notes Escrow Deed'' . . . . the escrow deed dated on or about the Issue Date, among the Senior Notes Issuer, the Trustee and the Escrow Agent.

``Senior Notes Guarantors'' . . . . . . the Senior Secured Notes Guarantors and the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.

``Senior Notes Indenture'' . . . . . . . the indenture governing the Senior Notes, dated on or about the Issue Date, between, inter alios, the Company, the Senior Notes Issuer, the Trustee and the Security Agent.

``Senior Notes Issue Date Collateral'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

a first-ranking charge over the Senior Notes Escrow Account and the Senior Notes Issuer's rights under the Senior Notes Escrow Deed.

``Senior Notes Issuer'' . . . . . . . . . . Lock Lower Holding AS.

``Senior Notes Only Collateral'' . . . means the first ranking pledge over the shares of the Senior Notes Issuer.

``Senior Secured Notes'' . . . . . . . . the Floating Rate Notes and the Euro Fixed Rate Notes.

``Senior Secured Notes Collateral''
``Senior Secured Notes Completion Date Collateral'' . . . .

the Senior Secured Notes Completion Date Collateral, the 10 Business Day Senior Secured Notes Collateral, the Additional Spanish Collateral and the Post-Completion Date Collateral.
(a) the first ranking pledge over the shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer;

(b) the first ranking pledge over the shares of each Target Company; and

(c) the first ranking pledge over the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's rights under the Acquisition Agreement.

``Senior Secured Notes Escrow Accounts'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the escrow accounts into which the gross proceeds of the offering of the Senior Secured Notes will be deposited on the Issue Date.

``Senior Secured Notes Escrow Deed'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the escrow deed dated on or about the Issue Date, among the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the Trustee and the Escrow Agent.

``Senior Secured Notes Guarantees'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the guarantees of the Senior Secured Notes by the Senior Secured Notes Guarantors.

``Senior Secured Notes Guarantors'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the Post-Completion Date Guarantors and, upon accession to the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Additional Spanish Guarantors.

``Senior Secured Notes Indenture''

the indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes, dated on or about the Issue Date, among, inter alios, the Company, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the Trustee and the Security Agent.

``Senior Secured Notes Issue Date Collateral'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

a first-ranking charge over the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Accounts and the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's rights under the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Deed.

``Senior Secured Notes Issuer'' . . . Lock AS.

xviii

``SFSA'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ``Shared Collateral'' . . . . . . . . . . . .

the Swedish Financial (Finansinspektionen).

Supervisory

Authority

(a) the pledge over the share capital of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer; and

(b) the pledge over the intercompany receivables owed by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer to the Senior Notes Issuer.

``Shareholder Notes'' . . . . . . . . . . .

consists of (i) the shareholder loans between Altor Funds as lender and the Senior Secured Notes Issuer as borrower and (ii) the shareholder and reinvestment loans between Investor as lender and the Senior Secured Notes Issuer as borrower, in a total amount of e200 million to be entered into on the Completion Date. On the Completion Date, the rights and obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer under the Shareholder Notes will be assumed by Cidron 2013 Ltd.

``Subordinated Loans'' . . . . . . . . . .

consists of: (i) certain shareholder loans granted to us by our previous majority shareholders, Investor and the Altor Funds in 2008 and 2010, that were set off in their entirety (in a total amount of e532,927,925.90) on July 1, 2013 in connection with a new issue of shares; (ii) the Mezzanine Facility; and (iii) the Existing Vendor Loan.

``Target Companies'' . . . . . . . . . . . Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-Invest AB and Lindorff AB.

``Target Group'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the Target Companies and their respective subsidiaries.

``Topco'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lock TopCo AS.

``Transactions'' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Refers to the Acquisition, the financing of the Acquisition and the repayment of the Existing Credit Facilities and the Existing Vendor Loan.

``U.K.'' or ``United Kingdom'' . . . . . the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

``U.S.'' or ``United States'' . . . . . . . the United States of America.

``U.S. Exchange Act'' . . . . . . . . . . . the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

``U.S. Investment Company Act'' . . the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

``U.S. Securities Act'' . . . . . . . . . . . the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

xix

SUMMARY
This summary highlights certain information about us and the offering of the Notes described elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. This summary is not complete and does not contain all the information you should consider before investing in the Notes. The summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum, including the consolidated financial statements (and related notes). You should read carefully the entire Offering Memorandum to understand our business, the nature and terms of the Notes and the tax and other considerations which are important to your decision to invest in the Notes, including, without limitation, the risks discussed under the caption ``Risk Factors.''
Overview
We are a leading pan-European credit management services (``CMS'') provider by revenues (Source: Company Market Study), focusing on overdue unsecured consumer debt, and have a market leading position in the financial institutions sector. We provide debt collection services to, and acquire portfolios of overdue debt and other overdue receivables from our clients, who include financial institutions, telecommunications companies, utilities providers, public sector entities and retail stores. For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, we generated revenue of e447 million. For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, we had Adjusted EBITDA of e256 million.
We are active along the entire CMS value chain:
· Debt collection. We engineer and implement tailored debt collection strategies and solutions to maximize cash flow streams from overdue debt and other overdue receivables for clients who have decided to outsource their debt collection function. For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, we generated external revenue of e224 million from debt collection, excluding revenue generated from portfolios that we own.
· Debt Purchasing. We purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables from our clients, which we then typically service using our in-house debt collection function. As of December 31, 2013, 87% of the face value of the overdue receivables portfolios we own across our geographic markets consisted of non-performing loans (``NPLs'') originated by financial institutions. For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, we generated revenue of e204 million from debt purchasing.
· Other Services. We provide our clients with a wide range of services before debt and receivables are overdue, including customer and credit information and analysis, data extraction and modelling, selection and scoring of potential customers, invoicing and web invoicing, reminder services, factoring solutions and turn-key solutions for web shops. For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, we generated revenue of e18 million from other services.
We have built a flexible and balanced business by performing both debt collection and debt purchasing, which we believe allows us to maximize revenue by offering solutions to clients along the entire CMS value chain. As a result of our business model, we believe that we are able to efficiently allocate resources to the opportunities that we find most attractive. Additionally, we believe that our comprehensive databases, which consist of data gathered through our collections, experience and pan-European presence, allow us to accurately price portfolios that we purchase and to design effective and efficient debt collection strategies for individual debtors. From our origins in Norway, we have expanded our geographic footprint to serve clients in key markets across Europe, with local operations in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia.
Illustrative Economics
The illustration below gives a high-level overview of our business model and economics:
· In the debt collection segment, we collect overdue debt on behalf of our customers. As of June 30, 2014, we had e14.5 billion of third party debt under management. For the year ended December 31, 2013 we generated e228 million of revenue through fees and commissions.
· In the debt purchasing segment, as of June 30, 2014, the face value of purchased debt was e17.3 billion (calculated as principal including accrued fees and interest at the time of acquisition of debt portfolios). The average purchase price was 8.7% of the face value or e1.5 billion. On average, we expect to collect 2.6 times the purchase price over 15 years, which translates into e4 billion of
1

gross collections. Typically, three years after the date of acquisition we have recovered the purchase price paid based on gross collections.
· We also perform a wide range of services before debt and receivables are overdue, including credit information and invoicing services, where we earn a fee for the services provided.

Business Model

Debt Collection
· Activity: Manage portfolio of overdue claims for clients
· Objective: Maximise cash flows for clients who have decided to outsource debt collection
· Various remuneration structures for Lindorff · Contingent fee as a percentage of collections · Profit sharing mechanism

Debt Purchasing

Other Services

· Activity: Acquire portfolios of overdue claims from our · Activity: Services before debt

clients (primarily from financial institutions)

and receivables are overdue,

· Objective: Maximise cash flows by using our in-house

including customer and credit information and analysis,

collection operations and maximise all return on

invoicing and reminder services

investment

Illustrative Economics

3rd Party Debt under Mgnt Revenue Fees and Commissions (%)

14.5 bn 228 m 1.6 %

Face Value of Purchased Debt2 Average Purchase Price (%) Portfolio Purchase Price Gross Cash on Cash Multiple Gross Collections Years to Breakeven from Purchase

17.3 bn 8.7%
1.5 bn 2.6x
4.0 bn c. 3.0 Yrs

· Lindorff receives a fee for the services provided
Of which 2.1bn collected to date

In a Given Year

Over 15+ Years Portfolio Life

Revenue1

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

2013

204 m

216 m

228 m

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

2013

146 m

179 m

200 m

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

2013

51 m 2912mAUG201410971m45766

(1) Debt collection excluding debt collection revenues on own portfolios. (2) Defined as principal including accrued fees and interest at the time of acquisition of debt portfolios.

Our Strengths We believe our business benefits from a number of strengths, including:

Balanced and diversified business model with full service offering
· A balanced business model. Our operations span 11 countries, where we provide our clients with services along the entire CMS value chain and our largest customer represented 5.3% of revenue in 2013. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our debt collection business and debt purchasing business generated 51% and 45% of Group Revenue, respectively.

Product Mix¹ Other 4%

Debt Purchasing 45%

Debt 51% Collection

Geographic Mix¹

8% 4% 10%
12%

34%

13%

19%

12AUG201407150570
(1) Revenue for the year ending December 31, 2013. Countries in clockwise order: Norway, Finland, Lithuania, Russia, Latvia, Estonia, Germany, Sweden, Spain, Netherlands and Denmark.
· Unique ``one-stop shop'' with significant benefits for clients. When selecting us as a CMS provider, our clients have access to a flexible range of solutions along the entire CMS value chain, including credit information and invoicing services, debt collection and debt purchasing.
· Business model resilient to economic cycles. We believe that our business model, covering debt collection and debt purchasing, increases our strategic flexibility across the economic cycle. We are

2

able to efficiently allocate resources to the opportunities that we find most attractive, for example, focusing on third-party debt collection during competitive pricing cycles and on debt purchasing when attractive opportunities are abundant.
· A source of operational synergies. We believe there are significant operational synergies among our business segments. First, debt collection serves as an origination source for debt purchasing. Second, an efficient debt collection service maximizes the return on purchased debt on portfolios that we purchase. Third, debt purchasing increases the size of our database. Finally, our credit information services are enhanced as our databases increase in size.

Strong and long term market growth outlook
· Positive underlying market trends. We have identified four main market trends that we believe are particularly important to the further development of the CMS industry, and in particular the financial institutions segment:
· banks' large build-up of NPLs in recent years;
· high sales volumes of NPLs as banks are under pressure to delever;
· clear industry value proposition resulting in increased volume of outsourcing; and
· macroeconomic recovery typically improving collection rates.
· Strong market growth momentum. According to the Company Market Study, the volume of unsecured consumer NPLs in Europe has grown from approximately e51 billion in 2008 to e98 billion in 2013. During the same period, sales of unsecured consumer debt in Europe originated by financial institutions increased from e1.3 billion to e7.1 billion. As a consequence and according to the same study, we believe that revenues will grow approximately 8-10% in the financial institutions sector and 3-5% in the trade sector from 2013 to 2018.

 billion

European FI Consumer Unsecured NPL Stock (Originated by Financial Institutions)
98 85
51

NPL Ratio +1.9x

4.4 2008

7.8 2010

8.3 2013

 billion

European Unsecured Consumer Debt Sales (Originated by Financial Institutions)

+40%

7.1

+5x 2.2 1.3

2008

2010

122A0U1G3 201407145375

Europe's leading CMS provider for financial institutions
· Financial institutions is the most attractive business segment. Based on our experience financial institution assets typically have higher cash-on-cash multiples, longer duration and more stable cashflows.
· Europe's leading specialist in the financial institutions sector. Our core strategy is to serve the financial institutions sector, in which we hold a market leading position by revenue (Source: Company Market Study). We believe that we have a unique business model as we are currently the only large pan-European full service provider focused on the financial institutions sector.
· Preferred partner for European banks. Our market leading position was established through long-standing relationships with major Nordic financial institutions. Historically, we have entered new markets through a combination of organic growth, portfolio purchases and acquisitions of banks' Collection Platforms. As a result, we now believe that we are the CMS provider of choice to our financial institutions clients.
· Our clients recognize our strong reputation for ethical and fair treatment of debtors. We believe that compliance and fair treatment of debtors are at the forefront of our financial institutions clients' priorities when selling portfolios. In recent auctions, our reputation for ethical and fair treatment of debtors has played an important part in securing additional contracts from financial institutions.

3

· Strong organizational focus on ethical and fair treatment of debtors. We do our utmost to minimize reputational risk, and in order to do so we have developed robust practices and procedures to ensure the fair and ethical treatment of debtors. Our debt collectors go through rigorous screening and assessments before interacting with debtors, and receive formal training on how to manage the debt collection process in a fair manner.
Strong pricing discipline and an established pricing advantage over our competitors
· Established pricing advantage and discipline. Based on our significant experience, extensive database and long track record, we believe that we have a clear pricing advantage compared to most of our competitors. Our policy is to maintain strict pricing discipline through an institutionalized investment process in order to maintain high portfolio returns and avoid overbidding for portfolios. We take a centralized approach to pricing, coupled with appropriate local input in each specific case, which we believe provides strong cross-organizational pricing discipline.
· Extensive databases and sophisticated data analysis tools provide high forecasting accuracy. Our comprehensive databases of purchased debt, including 8.5 million individual claims as at June 30, 2014, and our sophisticated data analysis capabilities serve as integral parts in the process of pricing portfolios ahead of acquisitions and allow us to establish more efficient debt collection strategies. Additionally, we have depersonalized details in our databases on approximately 19 million claims and recent contact information for debtors we have worked with in the past.
· Track record of achieving collections against original investment projections. From January 1, 2011 to June 30, 2014, we collected 106% of our original investment projections. Our disciplined portfolio acquisition process, robust database and forecast model underpin this result.

Collection on Own Portfolios vs. Original Business Case

Average:106%

113% 112% 107% 112% 103% 110% 104% 109%

99%

110% 102% 104% 100% 106%

1Q11 2Q11 3Q11 4Q11 1Q12 2Q12 3Q12 4Q12 1Q13 2Q13 3Q13 4Q13 11Q2A1U4G201420Q711445502
Strong cash flow generation embedded in our business model
· Long-term client relationships. Our debt collection business generates consistent cash flows at limited investment requirements, underpinned by long-term client relationships. As of June 30, 2014, we manage debt under 20,600 service contracts with an average duration of 3 years. In the Nordic region, some of our largest contributors to revenue and longest dated relationships go back to the 1980's. Outside of the Nordic region, we have entered into long-term servicing agreements, including with Santander in Spain and ABN AMRO in the Netherlands. We tend to experience strong client loyalty and limited attrition through protective contractual terms (e.g., break fees) and systems integration between Lindorff and clients, which can make it operationally and financially unattractive to switch CMS provider.
· Significant cash flows embedded in purchased debt portfolios. As of June 30, 2014, we expect to collect e1.9 billion of cash over the next 15 years from our existing backbook of purchased debt portfolios, with e310 million expected in the next year. Financial services assets account for 87% of our ERC and have a higher average balance and longer weighted average life than our retail and telecommunications assets, generating long-term annuity like payments. Portfolio assets are typically repaid through repayment plans set up with customers, with average monthly payments of e136.

4

Significant Cash Flows Embedded In Our Existing Portfolios

Estimated Remaining Collections ( million)

310 320
256

240

217 186

160 80

161 139 119 102

88

74

63

53

46

40

36

0

1-12 13-14 25-36 37-48 49-60 61-72 73-84 85-96 97-108 109-120 121-132 133-144 145-156 157-168 169-180

Number of Months

12AUG201407145219

· Track record of extending payments beyond 15 years. This is driven by continuous improvement of collection strategies and data analysis. As an example, we have collected 5.3x the purchase price for our 2000 vintage and still expect to collect e6.3 million, which is 0.6x the purchase price, over the next 15 years, resulting in a total expected multiple of 5.8x. For pre-2006 vintages, we estimated at the time of portfolio acquisition that we would be able to collect 2.6x times the aggregate purchase price. As of June 30, 2014, we have collected 2.5x times the aggregate purchase price of the pre-2006 vintages, and as of that date expected to collect 3.2x times the aggregate purchase price over the life of the portfolios purchased prior to 2006.

· Efficient conversion of profit into cash flow. From 2011 to 2013, 91-95% of Adjusted EBITDA was converted into operating cash flow (before income tax expense and net financial items), resulting in aggregate operating cash flow (before income tax expense and net financial items) over this period of e650 million. Total debt purchases over this period totaled e506 million.

Experienced executive management team with strong support from operational and market specialists
· Strong leadership of experienced senior management. We are managed by a strong executive team comprising individuals with many years of relevant experience and providing leadership across all functional areas of the business. Endre Rangnes, our CEO, held various managerial roles at IBM in Europe and was the Country Manager of Norway from 2000 to 2003. Between 2003 and 2010 Endre was the CEO of EDB Business Partner, a publicly listed information technology company. Our CFO, Scott Danielsen, is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and was formerly CFO of publicly listed European debt purchaser, Aktiv Kapital, after spending 21 years at Ernst & Young and PricewaterhouseCoopers.
· Supported by a strong team in our group central functions and local markets. Our senior management team is supported by a skilled team of managers operating our central functions and assisting in the execution of our strategy at group level. In addition, our expert regional and country managers are responsible for the local execution of our strategy in the various countries where we operate. Our regional and country managers have significant experience and knowledge of the specificities of our local markets.

Our Strategy
We believe that we have a well-developed strategy for pursuing growth within our existing regions and through geographical expansion. Our strategy includes:

Building on our strong relationships with originators
Over the coming years, we expect significant opportunities in the CMS market. We will strive to maintain our leading market position by establishing new bank partnerships, acquiring new portfolios and by entering into service agreements with new clients.
We believe that we are in a strong position to successfully enter into new partnerships, conclude future acquisitions of portfolios and collection platforms and maintain and expand our existing client

5

relationships, in particular with financial institutions, due to our strong reputation for ethical, fair and efficient debt collection as well as our track record of successful acquisitions. In addition to our strategy of capturing market growth opportunities, we plan to continue to emphasize our high level of underwriting discipline in order to maintain forecast accuracy and to ensure that we only acquire portfolios that generate attractive returns.
Continuing to drive operational scale and excellence across countries to capture full value potential
To maintain our market position and extract further value from our large and scalable platform, we are continuously looking for improvements across the organization to strengthen our client offering and operate more efficiently. We have developed and introduced a ``Global Operating Model'' to set one common operational blueprint and consolidate our general IT infrastructure platform across countries. We will focus on further optimizing our cost structure by continuing to streamline our operating platform, centralizing internal procedures and functions and by improving our IT efficiency through the consolidation of our collection systems. These efficiency improvements strengthen our client offering by extracting further value from portfolios and optimizing cash flows over time. We believe there are still meaningful variations in performance across geographies and we intend to increase portfolio yields and profit margins in the future through the full realization of multinational synergies.
Maintaining a disciplined portfolio acquisition process
Our strict pricing discipline and institutionalized investment process has allowed us to collect 106% of our original investment case cash flow forecasts from January 1, 2011 to June 30, 2014. We plan to continue to emphasize our high level of underwriting discipline in order to maintain forecast accuracy and to ensure that we only acquire portfolios that generate attractive returns. We will continue to build and leverage our extensive databases and sophisticated data analysis tools in the processes of pricing portfolios ahead of acquisitions, and to establish more efficient debt collection strategies.
Selectively considering expansion into selected new geographies
We have a strong track record of selective expansion into new markets and we have established operations in 11 countries. This expansion has been driven by a combination of strategic acquisitions and our ability to leverage strong client relationships. We believe that our strong relationships with international clients will lead to attractive opportunities to enter new markets by following our clients to other markets in which they operate as we have done in the past. We also foresee the potential for attractive portfolio acquisitions and carve-out opportunities for debt collection platforms and may enter selected European countries in the coming years. Our potential for expansion is evidenced by our recent entrance into the Italian market through a purchase of a portfolio in Italy which was part of the approximately e50 million of debt that we purchased in July and August. In addition to our strategy of capturing market growth opportunities, we plan to continue to emphasize our high level of underwriting discipline in order to maintain forecast accuracy and to ensure that we only acquire portfolios that generate attractive returns.
Certain statements in the section titled ``--Our Strategy'' constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future financial performance and our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those described under ``Forward-Looking Statements'' and ``Risk Factors.'' Investors are urged not to place undue reliance on any of the statements set forth above.
Recent Developments
On July 28, 2014, we agreed to acquire a collection unit from Banco Sabadell in Spain for a purchase price of e162,000,000 (the ``Spanish Acquisition''). As part of the proposed transaction, the acquired unit will enter into a service agreement with an expected initial term of 10 years with the seller to perform debt collection services on the seller's entire portfolio of existing overdue debt and receivables, the seller's entire portfolio of overdue debt and receivables generated in the next two years (subject to the seller's right to retain up to 5% of overdue debt and receivables collection for itself) and 80% of the seller's portfolio of overdue debt and receivables generated thereafter (subject to potential adjustments based on certain performance benchmarks set out in the service agreement). Based on publicly available
6

information made available by Banco Sabadell, the total amount of Banco Sabadell's non-performing loans was e24.9 billion as of December 31, 2013, e24.6 billion as of March 31, 2014 and e 24.1 billion as of June 30, 2014. Closing of the acquisition is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2014 and will be subject to regulatory clearance (if applicable) and certain other customary closing conditions. The potential transaction is fully in line with our European strategy executed to date.
For the twelve months ended April 30, 2014, we estimate that the pro forma adjusted EBITDA of the acquired unit, adjusted to include the entry into the service agreement as if had occurred on May 1, 2013, would have been approximately e38 million (the ``Spanish Acquisition EBITDA Estimate''). We derived the estimated pro forma adjusted EBITDA by (A) multiplying (i) the debt under management for the period by (ii) an estimated solution rate; (B) applying the fee structure set out in the 10-year service agreement referred to above; and (C) adjusting the historical cost structure provided by the seller for certain synergies we expect to achieve. We believe that the transaction will be accretive to our profile and our operating cash generation. The Spanish Acquisition EBITDA Estimate has been derived from information made available to us by the seller during the acquisition process and our own and our external consultants' analysis of such information and is based on certain assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on our expertise and experience in the industry. The Spanish Acquisition EBITDA Estimate has been prepared by and is the responsibility of management and has not been audited, reviewed or verified by any accounting firm. Such estimate may not be indicative of the actual results we would have achieved if the Spanish Acquisition had occurred on May 1, 2013 or of any future results. Actual results of the Spanish Acquisition could vary from these estimates and these differences could be material. The EBITDA generated by the acquired collection unit over the life of the service agreement will depend on a number of factors, including the evolution of the stock of overdue debt and receivables we are entitled to collect on and in turn on the level of Banco Sabadell's loan origination and non-performing loans in the future. As a consequence, the EBITDA generated by the acquired collection unit may decrease over the life of the service agreement. In addition, the Initial Purchasers have not independently reviewed the accuracy or completeness of the Spanish Acquisition EBITDA Estimate and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by any Initial Purchaser as to the accuracy or completeness of the Spanish Acquisition EBITDA Estimate and nothing contained in this or the preceding paragraph shall be relied upon as a promise or representation by any Initial Purchaser as to the past or the future performance of the Spanish Acquisition. For certain risks relating to the Spanish Acquisition and the Spanish Acquisition EBITDA Estimate, see ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Transactions.''
Trading Update
Based on preliminary results, our group revenue for the three-month period ended September 30, 2014 was e119 million, an increase of 11% from the e107 million for the three-month period ended September 30, 2013. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2014, our group revenue increased to e345 million, or by 4%, from e333 million for the comparable period in 2013. The increase in group revenue was mainly driven by the acquisition of a collection contract in Spain in December 2013 and a high level of portfolio capital expenditure in the first half of 2014, with contracted portfolio purchases growing from e26 million in the three months ended September 30, 2013 to e56 million in the three months ended September 30, 2014 and growing from e110 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2013 to e200 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2014. We also have a pipeline of e18 million of committed forward flow volumes from existing clients for the remainder of 2014. Due to the increase in portfolio purchases, our ERC increased from e1,685 million at September 30, 2013 to e1,930 million at September 30, 2014.
Based on preliminary results, our Adjusted EBITDA for the three-month period ended September 30, 2014 was e70 million, an increase of 13% from the e62 million for the three-month period ended September 30, 2013. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2014, our Adjusted EBITDA increased to e199 million, or by 4%, from e191 million for the comparable period in 2013. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was mainly due to a favourable change in our business mix driven by growth in our Debt Purchasing segment, and continued improvements in our Collection segment.
The above information is based solely on preliminary results and estimates and is not intended to be a comprehensive statement of our financial or operational results for the three-month or nine-month periods ended September 30, 2014. Our preliminary results in relation to the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2014 are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. While we believe these estimates to be reasonable, the
7

above information may be subject to modification during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and review thereof by our independent auditors. Accordingly, our actual results for the threemonth and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2014 may vary from our preliminary results and estimates above, and such variations could be material. As such, you should not place undue reliance on them. See ``Forward-Looking Statements'' and ``Risk Factors'' for a more complete discussion of certain of the factors that could affect our future performance and results of operations.
The above preliminary financial information has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, our management. PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to such preliminary financial information. Accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.
Changes to the Senior Management
Endre Rangnes has resigned his position as our CEO and Oddgeir Hansen has resigned his position as our COO. The existing management team will be augmented by Peter Sjunnesson as interim CEO and member of the Board of Directors. The recruitment of a permanent CEO is underway.
The Transactions
On July 18, 2014, Senior Secured Notes Issuer, as purchaser, and Altor Funds, Investor and certain minority shareholders, including members of management who hold an interest in one or more of the Target Companies, as sellers (the ``Sellers''), entered into the Acquisition Agreement regarding the direct or indirect, as applicable, acquisition of all the shares of the Target Group (the ``Acquisition''). Under the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will directly or indirectly, as applicable, acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Target Companies as of the consummation of the Acquisition (the ``Completion Date''). The consummation of the Acquisition pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement will be subject to the clearance of (i) the EU Commission, (ii) the Russian Federation and (iii) the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (together, the ``Acquisition Conditions''). If the Acquisition is not consummated by the one-hundred-fortieth (140th) business day after the signing of the Acquisition Agreement, the Acquisition Agreement may be terminated by either party. In connection with obtaining the approvals of the applicable regulatory and competition authorities, we may agree to divest certain of our assets or operations. We currently do not expect that we will be required to divest assets or operations that generate a significant portion of our revenue. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Transaction.''
Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Target Companies for e1,352 million (the ``Purchase Price''), subject to certain purchase price adjustments. The interest on the Purchase Price shall be calculated on the basis of an agreed rate at eleven and a half (11.5) per cent per annum, and shall be calculated for the period between May 1, 2014 and the Completion Date (the ``Interest Payment Adjustment''). Further, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted upwards with respect to certain other components, such as the net cash amounts in some of the Target Companies and compensation due to certain intra-group loans. In addition, the Purchase Price will be reduced by the amount of any dividends or similar payment, asset transfers or certain other transfers of value from the Target Group to the Sellers that occur prior to the Completion Date that are not permitted under the Acquisition Agreement and certain payments to employees or directors or finding fee arrangements triggered as a result of the Acquisition.
The Acquisition Agreement includes customary restrictions on the activities of the Target Group prior to the Completion Date, including restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, as well as limited representations, warranties and covenants that are subject to limitations and exclusions. The Acquisition Agreement does not prohibit the Company from incurring additional debt under its existing revolving credit facility. Any such additional debt borrowed will be refinanced on the Completion Date as part of the Transactions. See ``The Transactions.''
8

Principal Shareholders Nordic Capital Funds The Nordic Capital Funds are a leader within private equity investments in Northern Europe. Since inception in 1989, the Nordic Capital Funds have successfully raised close to e12.5 billion and in total made more than 80 platform investments and 130 material add-on acquisitions. The Nordic Capital Funds invest in medium and large sized companies and support value creation in their investments through committed ownership and by targeting strategic development and operational improvements. The Nordic Capital Funds have a long track record of making successful investments supported by close to 60 investment professional advisory team members spread out over 6 offices. The team also has an extensive experience in the financial services space through its investments in Point International, Resurs Group and Euroline. The Lindorff investment will be made from Nordic Capital Fund VIII, which closed in December 2013 with total commitments of e3.5 billion. To date one investment has been closed in Nordic Capital Fund VIII, with five additional investments pending (including Lindorff). Altor Funds The Altor Funds are private equity funds focused on investing in and developing medium sized companies with a Nordic origin. The investment strategy is based on identifying and realising sustainable performance improvements in areas such as revenue growth, margin expansion and capital efficiency. The Altor Funds control a broad portfolio of businesses that operate in a wide range of sectors. The Altor Funds do not actively carry on any other business activities. Investor Founded by the Wallenberg family a hundred years ago, Investor is a leading owner of high quality Nordic-based international companies. Through board participation, its industrial experience, network and financial strength, Investor strives to make its companies best-in-class. Investor's objective is to build the net asset value, operate efficiently and pay out a steadily rising dividend. Over time, this should allow Investor to generate an attractive total shareholder return.
9

Corporate Structure and Certain Financing Arrangements
The following chart shows a simplified summary of our corporate and financing structure, as adjusted to give effect to the Transactions. The chart does not include all of our subsidiaries, nor all of the debt obligations thereof. For a summary of the debt obligations identified in this diagram, please refer to ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes,'' ``Description of the Senior Notes,'' ``Description of Other Indebtedness'' and ``Capitalization.''
Shareholders(1)

Cidron 2013 Ltd.

Key: Guarantors of Senior Secured Notes Guarantors of Senior Notes
250 million Euro Senior Notes(3)(4) SEK 1.85 billion Floating
Rate Notes(11)
252.5 million Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes
NOK 1.68 billion Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes(4)(5)(9)
550 million Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes(4)(5)
225 million Revolving Credit Facility(5)(6)

Cidron 1748 S.à r.l
Lock Topco AS
Lock Upper Holding AS
Lock Lower Holding AS
(the "Senior Notes Issuer") Lock AS
(the "Senior Secured Notes Issuer")(10)
Lindorff AB(8)
Lindorff Second Holding AB
Lindorff Group AB

Minority shareholder (including
Management)(2)
Guarantors(7)(10)

Guarantors(7)(10)

Non-Guarantors

Senior Secured Notes Restricted Group Senior Notes Restricted Group

12AUG201407145630

(1) The Issuers are entities owned directly or indirectly by Cidron 2013 Ltd.
(2) Certain minority shareholders, including members of management, who will hold in the aggregate less than 5% of the shares of Lock Upper Holding AS.

10

(3) Prior to the Completion Date, the Senior Notes will not be guaranteed. On the Completion Date, the Senior Notes will be senior obligations of the Senior Notes Issuer, guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, and secured by the Senior Notes Completion Date Collateral. Within 10 business days of the Completion Date, the Senior Notes will also be secured by the 10 Business Day Senior Notes Collateral. Within 90 days of the Completion Date, the Senior Notes will also be guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by the Post-Completion Date Guarantors. In addition, the Senior Notes Issuer will agree to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to guarantee the Senior Notes on a senior subordinated basis within six months of the Completion Date. See ``Description of the Senior Notes--Guarantees'' and ``--Security''. Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement the Senior Notes will be subject to payment blockage, standstill and turnover provisions. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement''.
(4) On or about the Completion Date, the Senior Notes Issuer will lend the proceeds of the Senior Notes to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer (the ``Senior Notes Proceeds Loan''). Together with the proceeds of the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Notes Proceeds Loan, the equity contribution from Nordic Capital Fund VIII, the Altor Funds, Investor and certain co-investors and the proceeds from the Shareholder Notes, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will pay the purchase price under the Acquisition Agreement, pay fees and expenses related to the Transactions and on-lend the remaining proceeds to the Target Group to repay, together with certain cash on hand, the Existing Credit Facility and the Existing Vendor Loan. To the extent additional sources are required on completion of the Acquisition, the Issuers may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (in an amount up to e50 million) and/or proceeds from additional equity contributions.
(5) Prior to the Completion Date, the Senior Secured Notes will not be guaranteed. On the Completion Date, the Senior Secured Notes will be senior obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and secured by the Senior Secured Notes Completion Date Collateral. Within 10 business days of the Completion Date, the Senior Secured Notes will be secured by the 10 Business Day Senior Secured Notes Collateral. Within 90 days of the Completion Date, the Senior Secured Notes will also be guaranteed on a senior basis by the Post-Completion Date Guarantors and secured by the Post-Completion Date Collateral. In addition, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will agree to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes on a senior basis and to grant the Additional Spanish Collateral within six months of the Completion Date. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security''. Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, in the event of the enforcement of the security, the holders of the Senior Secured Notes will receive proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes Collateral and certain distressed disposals only after super-senior obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations have been repaid. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.''
(6) On or about the Issue Date, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, as original borrower, will enter into the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement which provides for the e225 million Revolving Credit Facility. To the extent additional sources are required on closing, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (in an amount up to e50 million) and/or proceeds from additional equity contributions. The Revolving Credit Facility will be guaranteed on a senior basis together with certain hedging obligations by the same entities that guarantee the Senior Secured Notes and will be secured on a firstpriority basis over the same collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness-- Revolving Credit Facility Agreement.''
(7) Represents Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB. Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB are expected to merge following the Completion Date. Regardless of whether they merge, they will become guarantors of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes within 90 days following the Completion Date.
(8) Indif AB and Lindorff AB are expected to merge following the Completion Date. Regardless of whether they merge, they will become guarantors of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes within 90 days following the Completion Date.
(9) NOK 1.68 billion NOK Floating Rate Notes is equal to approximately e199.6 million equivalent (based on the exchange rate of e1.00 = 8.4150 NOK).
(10) The Company and the Guarantors (including the Additional Spanish Guarantors) represented more than 80% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and more than 90% of consolidated assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. Excluding the Additional Spanish Guarantors, the Company and the Guarantors represented more than 75% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and more than 80% of consolidated assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. All of the Guarantors will be, following the Transactions, wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Issuers.
(11) SEK 1.85 billion SEK Floating Rate Notes is equal to approximately e200.3 million equivalent (based on the exchange rate of e1.00 = 9.2350 SEK).
11

THE OFFERING
The following is a brief summary of certain terms of the offering of the Notes. It may not contain all the information that is important to you. For additional information regarding the Notes and the Guarantees, see ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes,'' ``Description of the Senior Notes'' and ``Description of Other Indebtedness.''

Issuers:

Senior Secured Notes Issuer . . . . Lock AS, incorporated as a private limited company under the laws of Norway (the ``Senior Secured Notes Issuer'').

Senior Notes Issuer . . . . . . . . . . .

Lock Lower Holding AS, incorporated as a private limited company under the laws of Norway (the ``Senior Notes Issuer'' and, together with the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the ``Issuers'').

Notes Offered:

Senior Secured Notes . . . . . . . . . e252.5 million aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the ``Euro Floating Rate Notes'').

NOK 1.68 billion aggregate principal amount of NOK-denominated Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the ``NOK Floating Rate Notes'').

e550 million aggregate principal amount of 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2021 (the ``Euro Fixed Rate Notes'').

Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . e250 million aggregate principal amount of 9.500% Senior Notes due 2022 (the ``Euro Senior Notes'').

SEK 1.85 billion aggregate principal amount of SEK denominated Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2022 (the ``SEK Floating Rate Notes'' and, together with the Euro Senior Notes, the ``Senior Notes'').

Issue Date . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . August 6, 2014.

Issue Price:

Euro Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . 99.000%.

NOK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . 100.000%.

Euro Fixed Rate Notes . . . . . . . . . 100.000%.

Euro Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . 100.000%.

SEK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . 100.000%.

Maturity Date:

Euro Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . August 15, 2020.

NOK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . August 15, 2020.

Euro Fixed Rate Notes . . . . . . . . . August 15, 2021.

Euro Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . August 15, 2022.

SEK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . August 15, 2022.

Interest Payment Dates:

Euro Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . Quarterly in arrears on each February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, commencing on February 15, 2015.

NOK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . Quarterly in arrears on each February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, commencing on February 15, 2015.

12

Euro Fixed Rate Notes . . . . . . . . . Semi-annually in arrears on each February 15 and August 15, commencing on February 15, 2015.

Euro Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . Semi-annually in arrears on each February 15 and August 15, commencing on February 15, 2015.

SEK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . Quarterly in arrears on each February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, commencing on February 15, 2015.

Denomination . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Each Euro Floating Rate Note and Euro Fixed Rate Note will have a minimum denomination of e100,000 and be in integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof. Euro Floating Rate Notes and Euro Fixed Rate Notes in denominations less than e100,000 will not be available.

Each NOK Floating Rate Note will have a minimum denomination of NOK 1,000,000 and be in integral multiples of NOK 10,000 in excess thereof. NOK Floating Rate Note in denominations less than NOK 1,000,000 will not be available.

Each Euro Senior Note will have a minimum denomination of e100,000 and be in integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof. Senior Notes in denominations less than e100,000 will not be available.

Each SEK Floating Rate Note will have a minimum denomination of SEK 1,000,000 and be in integral multiples of SEK 10,000 in excess thereof. SEK Floating Rate Note in denominations less than SEK 1,000,000 will not be available.

Ranking:

Senior Secured Notes . . . . . . . . . The Senior Secured Notes will:

· be senior obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and will rank equal in right of payment with all of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's existing and future obligations that are not subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes, including obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations;

· be senior in right of payment to any subordinated indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, including its guarantee of the Senior Notes;

· be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future unsecured obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, to the extent of the value of the Senior Secured Notes Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes;

· be guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the Senior Secured Notes Guarantors, subject to the guarantee limitations described herein;

· be effectively subordinated to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's existing and future secured indebtedness that is secured by property or assets that do not secure the Senior Secured Notes, to the extent of the value of such property and assets securing such indebtedness; and

· be structurally subordinated to all obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's subsidiaries that are not Senior Secured Notes Guarantors.

13

The Senior Secured Notes will be secured by the Senior Secured Notes Collateral as described under ``--Security''; but will receive proceeds from enforcement of security over the Senior Secured Notes Collateral only after any creditors that are entitled to receive such proceeds on a super-priority basis, including lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging counterparties, have been paid in full.

Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The Senior Notes will:

· be senior obligations of the Senior Notes Issuer and will rank equal in right of payment with all of the Senior Notes Issuer's existing and future obligations that are not subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Notes;

· be senior in right of payment to any subordinated indebtedness of the Senior Notes Issuer;

· be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future unsecured obligations of the Senior Notes Issuer, to the extent of the value of the Shared Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the Senior Notes after all prior-ranking claims have been paid and discharged in full;

· be guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by the Senior Notes Guarantors, subject to the guarantee limitations described herein;

· be effectively subordinated to the Senior Notes Issuer's existing and future secured indebtedness that is secured by property or assets that do not secure the Senior Notes, to the extent of the value of such property and assets securing such indebtedness; and

· be structurally subordinated to all obligations of the Senior Notes Issuer's subsidiaries that are not Senior Notes Guarantors.

Guarantors:

Senior Secured Notes . . . . . . . . .

On the Issue Date, the Senior Secured Notes will not be guaranteed. Within 90 days of the Completion Date, the Senior Secured Notes will be guaranteed on a senior basis by the Post-Completion Date Guarantors, which include Lindorff AB, Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-Invest AB, Lindorff Second Holding AB, Lindorff Group AB, Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH, Lindorff Holding GmbH, Lindorff Deutschland GmbH, Lindorff Sverige Holding AB, Lindorff Capital AS, Lindorff Sverige AB, Lindorff Finland Oy, Lindorff Oy, Lindorff Invest Oy, Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V., Lindorff Netherlands B.V., Lindorff B.V., Lindorff Holding Norway AS, Lindorff Norge AS, Lindorff AS and Lindorff Danmark A/S.

In addition, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes on a senior basis within six months of the Completion Date.

Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

On the Issue Date, the Senior Notes will not be guaranteed. On the Completion Date, the Senior Notes will be guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer. Within 90 days of the Completion Date, the Senior Notes will be

14

guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by the Post-Completion Date Guarantors.

In addition, the Senior Notes Issuer has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to guarantee the Senior Notes on a senior subordinated basis within six months of the Completion Date.

General . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The Company and certain of the Guarantors (including the Additional Spanish Guarantors, but excluding Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB) represented approximately e136.3 million or approximately 97% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and approximately e3.5 billion or approximately 100% of total net assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. Non-guarantors represented approximately e12.8 million or approximately 9% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and e(3.9) million or approximately 0% of total net assets. The Company and all of the Guarantors (including the Additional Spanish Guarantors Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB) represented approximately e136.3 million or approximately 97% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and approximately e3.9 billion or approximately 111%1 of total net assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. Non-guarantors represented approximately e4.4 million or approximately 3% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and e765,000 or approximately 0% of total net assets. Excluding the Additional Spanish Guarantors, the Company and the Guarantors represented more than 75% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and more than 80% of consolidated assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. See ``Summary-- Corporate Structure and Certain Financing Arrangements.''

Ranking of the Guarantees

The Guarantees will be subject to release under certain circumstances. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Guarantees'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes-- Guarantees.'' The Guarantees will be subject to significant contractual and legal limitations, including under applicable law. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests.''

Ranking of the Senior Secured Notes Guarantees . . . . . . . . . . Each Senior Secured Notes Guarantee will:

· be the senior obligation of the relevant Senior Secured Notes Guarantor and will rank equal in right of payment with all of such Senior Secured Notes Guarantor's existing and future obligations that are not subordinated in right of payment to the relevant Senior Secured Notes Guarantee, including obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations;

1 As the consolidated financials exclude Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB, but such entities are guarantors, the percentage is greater than 100%.
15

· be senior in right of payment to any subordinated indebtedness of the relevant Senior Secured Notes Guarantor, including that Guarantor's Senior Notes Guarantee;
· be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future unsecured obligations of the relevant Senior Secured Notes Guarantor, to the extent of the value of the Senior Secured Notes Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the applicable Senior Secured Notes Guarantee;
· be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future obligations of the relevant Senior Secured Notes Guarantor secured on the Senior Secured Notes Collateral on a basis junior to the Senior Secured Notes, to the extent of the value of the Senior Secured Notes Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the applicable Senior Secured Notes Guarantee;
· be subject to limitations described herein, including those set forth in ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests''; and
· be effectively subordinated to such Senior Secured Notes Guarantor's existing and future secured indebtedness that is secured by property or assets that do not secure the Senior Secured Notes Guarantee of such Senior Secured Notes Guarantor, to the extent of the value of such property and assets securing such indebtedness.
Each Senior Secured Notes Guarantee will be secured by the Senior Secured Notes Collateral as described under ``--Security''; but will receive proceeds from enforcement of security over the Senior Secured Notes Collateral only after any creditors that are entitled to receive such proceeds on a super-priority basis, including lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging counterparties, have been paid in full.
Ranking of the Senior Notes Guarantees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Each Senior Notes Guarantee will:
· be a general senior subordinated obligation of that Senior Notes Guarantor;
· be subordinated in right of payment to any existing and future senior indebtedness of the relevant Senior Notes Guarantor, including that Senior Notes Guarantor's guarantee of the Senior Secured Notes, and the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations;
· rank pari passu in right of payment with any future senior subordinated indebtedness of that Senior Notes Guarantor;
· rank senior in right of payment to all existing and future indebtedness of that Senior Notes Guarantor that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to such Senior Notes Guarantee;
· be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future unsecured obligations of the relevant Senior Notes Guarantor, to the extent of the value of the Senior Notes
16

Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the applicable Senior Secured Notes Guarantee;

· be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future obligations of the relevant Senior Notes Guarantor secured on the Senior Notes Collateral on a basis junior to the Senior Notes, to the extent of the value of the Senior Notes Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the applicable Senior Notes Guarantee;

· be subject to limitations described herein, including those set forth in ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests''; and

· be effectively subordinated to such Senior Notes Guarantor's existing and future secured indebtedness, including the Senior Secured Notes, certain hedging obligations and indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility, that is secured by the Senior Secured Notes Collateral and by other property or assets that do not secure the Senior Notes Guarantee of such Senior Notes Guarantor, to the extent of the value of such property and assets securing such indebtedness.

Security . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Each holder of a Note, by accepting such Note, will be deemed to have agreed to and be bound by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the liens securing the Senior Secured Notes will be senior liens over the Senior Secured Notes Collateral that rank equally with the liens that secure: (i) on a super-priority basis (A) obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and (B) obligations under certain super-priority hedging arrangements; and (ii) on an equal and ratable basis, (A) certain other future debt permitted to be incurred under the Senior Secured Indenture, including certain acquisition indebtedness and (B) obligations under certain hedging arrangements. The Senior Notes will be secured by the Shared Collateral on a second-ranking basis and by the Senior Notes Only Collateral on a first-ranking basis. Following a Senior Distress Event (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or a Senior Payment Default (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement, and subject to a monetary threshold specified therein), no debtor may make any payment on the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Notes and certain other obligations, except to the Security Agent. Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, amounts received or recovered in respect of enforcement of the Collateral (other than in respect of the Senior Notes Only Collateral) are required to be turned over to the Security Agent. Subject to the payment of fees and expenses of the agent under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the Trustee, certain other creditor representatives and the Security Agent, amounts received by the Security Agent are paid by it first to the repayment in full of the obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain super-priority hedging arrangements, second to the repayment in full of the Senior Secured Notes, certain other hedging arrangements and other indebtedness sharing in the first-ranking security interest including certain acquisition indebtedness and, to the extent that such amounts represent proceeds of enforcement of the Shared Collateral, third to the repayment of the Senior Notes. Subject to the

17

payment of fees and expenses of the Senior Notes Trustee and the Security Agent, amounts received by the Security Agent in respect of enforcement of the Senior Notes Only Collateral will be paid by it to the holders of Senior Notes.

In addition, the Intercreditor Agreement contains provisions regarding subordination, standstills on enforcement, payment blockages, release of Collateral and Guarantees, turnover of receipts, application of proceeds and other terms in respect of the Senior Notes.

The Security Agent may refrain from enforcing the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral) unless instructed by the requisite majority of creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and certain hedging obligations or the Trustee for the Senior Secured Notes (as instructed by the requisite majority under the Senior Secured Notes) and the requisite majority of creditors under certain pari passu debt and certain hedging obligations, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Security Agent may refrain enforcing the Senior Notes Only Collateral unless instructed by the Trustee for the Senior Notes (as instructed by the requisite majority under the Senior Notes), and the requisite majority of creditors under certain pari passu debt obligations, in accordance with the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of conflicting instructions, the Intercreditor Agreement specifies which set of instructions will prevail. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness-- Intercreditor Agreement.''

Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption . . . . . . .

Pending consummation of the Acquisition, the Initial Purchasers will, concurrently with the issuance of the Notes on the Issue Date, deposit the gross proceeds of the offerings of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes into segregated escrow accounts (the ``Escrow Accounts'') pursuant to the terms of the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement and the Senior Escrow Agreement, respectively (the ``Escrow Agreements''), each in the name of the relevant Issuer. If the conditions to the release of the escrowed proceeds have not been satisfied on or prior to February 10, 2015, the Notes will be subject to a special mandatory redemption at a redemption price of each series of Notes equal to 100% of the aggregate initial issue price of such series of Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest from the Issue Date to such special mandatory redemption date and additional amounts, if any, from the Issue Date. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption.''

Optional Redemption:

Euro Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . .

At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2015, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Euro Floating Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth under the heading ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Optional Redemption--Optional Redemption of the Euro Floating Rate Notes.''

18

At any time prior to August 15, 2015, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Euro Floating Rate Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, plus a ``make-whole'' premium, as described under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption--Optional Redemption of the Euro Floating Rate Notes.''

NOK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . .

At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the NOK Floating Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth under the heading ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Optional Redemption--Optional Redemption of the NOK Floating Rate Notes.''

At any time prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the NOK Floating Rate Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, plus a ``make-whole'' premium, as described under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption--Optional Redemption of the NOK Floating Rate Notes.''

At any time and from time to time prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem up to 40% of the original principal amount of the NOK Floating Rate Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 107.9500% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date provided that at least 60% of the original principal amount of the NOK Floating Rate Notes remain outstanding after the redemption.

Euro Fixed Rate Notes . . . . . . . . .

At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may also redeem all or part of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth under the caption ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Optional Redemption--Optional Redemption of the Fixed Rate Notes.''

At any time prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes redeemed plus the applicable ``make-whole'' premium set forth under the heading ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption--Optional Redemption of the Fixed Rate Notes.''

At any time and from time to time prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem up to 40% of the original principal amount of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 107.0000% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the redemption date provided that at least 60% of the original principal amount of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes remain outstanding after the redemption.

Prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may redeem during each 12-month period commencing with the

19

Issue Date up to 10% of the aggregate principal outstanding amount of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes at its option, from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 103% of the principal amount of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the redemption date.

Euro Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . .

At any time prior to August 15, 2018, the Senior Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes redeemed plus the applicable ``make-whole'' premium set forth under the caption ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption.''

At any time prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Notes Issuer may redeem up to 40% of the original principal amount of the Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds from specified public equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 109.5000% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date provided that at least 60% of the original principal amount of the Senior Notes remain outstanding after the redemption.

At any time on or after August 15, 2018, the Senior Notes Issuer may also redeem all or part of the Senior Notes at the redemption prices set forth under the caption ``Description of the Senior Notes--Optional Redemption'' plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.

SEK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . . .

At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2018, the Senior Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the SEK Floating Rate Notes at the redemption prices set forth under the heading ``Description of the Senior Notes--Optional Redemption--Optional Redemption of the SEK Floating Rate Notes.''

At any time prior to August 15, 2018, the Senior Notes Issuer may redeem all or part of the SEK Floating Rate Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, plus a ``make-whole'' premium, as described under ``Description of the Senior Notes--Optional Redemption--Optional Redemption of the SEK Floating Rate Notes.''

At any time and from time to time prior to August 15, 2017, the Senior Notes Issuer may redeem up to 40% of the original principal amount of the SEK Floating Rate Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 110.4550% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date provided that at least 60% of the original principal amount of the SEK Floating Rate Notes remain outstanding after the redemption.

Use of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The gross proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be deposited into the applicable Escrow Accounts for the benefit of the relevant holders of the Notes, pending satisfaction of the conditions to release such proceeds. Upon release of the escrow proceeds, the Escrow Agents will transfer to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the Senior Notes Issuer, as applicable, the proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes and

20

the Senior Notes, respectively. See ``Description of Senior Secured Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'' and ``Description of Senior Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redmeption''. Subject to the conditions to the release of the escrow proceeds as set forth in ``Description of Senior Secured Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'' and ``Description of Senior Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'', the Issuers are expected to use the proceeds of the Notes as set out under ``Use of Proceeds''.

Additional Amounts . . . . . . . . . . . .

Any payments made by the Issuers or any Guarantor with respect to the Notes or any Guarantees will be made without withholding or deduction for taxes in any taxing jurisdiction unless required by law. If we are required by law to withhold or deduct for taxes of a relevant tax jurisdiction with respect to a payment to the holders of the Notes or any Guarantee, we will pay the additional amounts necessary so that the net amount received by the holders of the Notes or any Guarantees after the withholding is not less than the amount that they would have received in the absence of the withholding, subject to certain exceptions. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Withholding Taxes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Withholding Taxes.''

Optional Redemption for Tax Reasons . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

In the event of certain developments affecting taxation, the Issuers may redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Redemption for Taxation Reasons'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Redemption for Taxation Reasons.''

Asset Sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The Issuers will be required to offer to purchase the Notes with excess proceeds, if any, following certain asset sales at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount, and accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock.''

Change of Control . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control event, or if the Issuers sell all or substantially all of the assets, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will be required to offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes Issuer will be required to offer to repurchase the Senior Notes, in each case, at a purchase price equal to 101% of their aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of the purchase. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Change of Control'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Change of Control.''

Certain Covenants . . . . . . . . . . . . The Indentures will limit, among other things, our ability to:

· incur or guarantee additional indebtedness and issue certain preferred stock;

· pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock;

21

· make certain restricted payments (including dividends and distribution with respect to shares of the Issuers) and investments;

· prepay or redeem subordinated debt or equity and, in the case of the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, to make payments of principal of the Senior Notes;

· create or incur certain liens;

· impose restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or other payments to the Company;

· transfer, lease or sell assets;

· merge or consolidate with other entities;

· enter into certain transactions with affiliates;

· impair the security interests in the Collateral; and

· change the nature of the business of the Group.

Each of the covenants is subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Certain Covenants'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Certain Covenants.''

Transfer Restrictions . . . . . . . . . . .

The Notes and the Guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction except that an application will be made to list the NOK Floating Rate Notes on the Oslo Børs. Neither of the Issuers has registered, and neither of the Issuers intends to register, as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act, in reliance on the exemption provided in Section 3(c)(7) thereof. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale. See ``Transfer Restrictions.'' Holders of the Notes will not have the benefit of any exchange or registration rights.

No Prior Market . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The Notes will be new securities for which there is no market. Although the Initial Purchasers have informed us that they intend to make a market in the Notes, they are not obligated to do so and they may discontinue market-making at any time without notice. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or be maintained.

Listing and Trading . . . . . . . . . . . .

Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc for the approval of this document as Listing Particulars (``Listing Particulars''). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Euro Floating Rate Notes, the Euro Fixed Rate Notes and the Senior Notes (together, the ``Euro-denominated Notes'') and the SEK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Global Exchange Market which is the exchange regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange. There can be no assurance that any such application will be successful or that any such listing will be granted or maintained. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC. In addition, application has been made to the Oslo Børs for the NOK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Børs. However, there can be no assurances that the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo Børs.

22

Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The Notes and the Indentures will be governed by New York law. The Intercreditor Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Escrow Agreements will be governed by English law. The security documents will be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the collateral that is the subject of such security documents is located.

Trustee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . · Senior Secured Notes: Deutsche Trustee Company Limited

· Senior Notes: Deutsche Trustee Company Limited

Security Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . · Senior Secured Notes: Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

· Senior Notes: Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

Principal Paying Agent . . . . . . . . . · Euro Fixed Rate Notes, Euro Floating Rate Notes and the Senior Notes: Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

· NOK Floating Rate Notes: Nordea Bank Norge ASA

Registrars . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ·

Senior Secured Notes (except for NOK Floating Rate Notes): Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the ``Euro Senior Secured Notes Registrar'')

· NOK Floating Rate Notes: Nordea Bank Norge ASA (the ``NOK Registrar'')

· Senior Notes: Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the ``Senior Notes Registrar'' and, together with the Euro Senior Secured Notes Registrar and NOK Registrar, the ``Registrars'' and each a ``Registrar'')

Transfer Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . · Senior Secured Notes: Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

· Senior Notes: Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

ISINs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Common Codes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Euro Floating Rate Notes . . . . NOK Floating Rate Notes . . . . Euro Fixed Rate Notes . . . . . . Euro Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . SEK Floating Rate Notes . . . .

Rule 144A Global Note
XS1094672430 N/A
XS1094668321 XS1094675706 XS1095534415

Regulation S Global Note
XS1094672273 NO0010715808 XS1094612378 XS1094674642 XS1095534175

Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Euro Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . . . Euro Fixed Rate Notes . . . . . . . . . . . Euro Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . SEK Floating Rate Notes . . . . . . . . .

Rule 144A Global Note
109467243 109466832 109467570 109553441

Regulation S Global Note
109467227 109461237 109467464 109553417

Investing in the Notes involves substantial risks. Please see ``Risk Factors'' for a description of certain of the risks you should carefully consider before investing in the Notes.

23

SUMMARY HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA This Offering Memorandum contains the following financial information: · the audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto of the Company
as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, which have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (``IFRS'') as adopted by the European Union and audited by our independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, as set forth in their audit report included elsewhere herein; and · the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto of the Company as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and reviewed by our independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, as set forth in their review report included elsewhere herein. Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented in this Offering Memorandum is the historical consolidated financial information of the Company. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. These standards also require management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. The following tables should also be read in conjunction with ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information--Non-GAAP Financial Measures,'' ``Capitalization,'' ``Use of Proceeds'' and ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.'' The summary unaudited consolidated financial information for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2014 has been calculated by adding the unaudited consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2014, derived from the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Company for the six months ended June 30, 2014, and the historical financial information for the year ended December 31, 2013, derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013, and subtracting the unaudited consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2013, derived from the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Company for the six months ended June 30, 2013. This data has been prepared solely for the purpose of this Offering Memorandum, is not prepared in the ordinary course of our financial reporting and has not been audited or reviewed.
24

Summary Income Statement Data

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee benefit expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013

2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

386 425 447 226

226

15 -- -- --

--

401 425 447 226

226

(156) (167) (170) (85) (82)

(35) (34) (35) (18) (17)

(18) (19) (19) (9)

(9)

(67) (79) (83) (39) (41)

(9) (9) (10) (4)

(7)

115 117 130 71

70

1

2

10

0

(148) (153) (128) (88) (43)

(146) (151) (127) (88) (43)

(31) (34) 3 (17)

27

7 15 (21) 3

(7)

(24) (19) (18) (14)

20

For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014
(unaudited)
447 --
447 (167)
(34) (19) (85) (13)
129 1
(83)
(82)
47 (31)
16

(1) Finance costs consist of interest on loans from financial institutions, fair value gains and losses on financial derivatives (interest swaps), interest expense on the Subordinated Loans, net financial exchange gains/(losses) on financing activities, write down of investments in associated companies and other financial expenses. Our previous majority shareholders Investor and Altor Funds converted e533 million of the Subordinated Loans to equity with effect from July 1, 2013, resulting in a carrying amount of the Subordinated Loans of e146 million and e137 million as of June 30, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. See ``Note 24'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.

25

Summary Statement of Financial Position Data

Fixtures and furnitures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Financial derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other-short term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

8

6

6

5

10

17

23

69

23

77

784 825 782 804 780

525 658 675 674 760

6

17

9

21

10

6

3

3

2

4

1,347 19 2 29 22 49

1,532 17 13 31 28 60

1,544 17 5 35 45 52

1,531 20 5 34 29 53

1,641 15 -- 33 35 60

120 150 154 140 144

1,467 1,682 1,697 1,671 1,785

39

37 524

20 539

514 587 563 544 588

540 619 137 663 146

121 140 161 151 173

1

11

2

4

1

19

12

9

9

10

13

14

9

20

9

9

6

3

5

4

1,218 1,390 885 1,396 932

29

33

23

24

22

116 125 130 152 182

22

28

45

29

35

2

6

22

2

9

42

64

69

49

66

211 256 289 256 314

1,428 1,645 1,174 1,651 1,246

1,467 1,682 1,697 1,671 1,785

Summary Cash Flow Statement Data

Net cash generated from operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net cash from/(used in) financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at period end . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

89 186 222 90 92

(119) (237) (224) (99) (163)

(14) 65

1

3 78

(44) 14 (2) (6) 8

49 60 52 53 60

26

Summary Other Financial Information and Operating Data

Total cash revenue(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revenue from continuing operations(2) Adjusted EBITDA(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Gross collections on purchased
debt(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Third-party debt under management . Face value of purchased debt(7) . . . . . Carrying value of purchased debt(4) . . ERC(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchases of purchased loan
portfolios . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Average number of full time
employees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

As of and for the year ended December 31,

As of and for the six
months ended June 30,

2011

2012

2013

2013

2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

477

537

562

281

279

362

410

447

226

226

215(3)(c) 239

256

130

130

237 --
10,071 525
1,292

290 11,461 12,576
658 1,659

313 14,709 14,311
675 1,698

154 12,781 13,252
674 1,696

157 14,520 17,286
760 1,891

117

235

154

84

144

2,805 3,153 3,040 2,753 2,722

As of and for the twelve months ended June 30, 2014 (unaudited)
560 447 256
316 14,520 17,286
760 1,891
214
2,741

(1) We define cash revenue as revenue for the period adding back amortization of purchased debt and revaluation of purchased debt.
(2) We define revenue from continuing operations as revenue for the period, excluding revenue from sold companies (which, during the periods under review, included Mirror Accounting Group, Match AS, Lindorff Decision AS and Lindorff Customer Services AB) and the one-off gain from the sale of subsidiaries in 2011. The reconciliation of total income to revenue from continuing operations is as follows:

Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revenue sold companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . Gain from sale of subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . .
Revenue from continuing operations . . . .

For the year ended December 31,
2011 2012 2013

401 425 447

24

15

--

15

--

--

362 410 447

For the six months ended June 30,

2013

2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

226

226

--

--

--

--

226

226

For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014
(unaudited)
447 -- --
447

(3) We define Adjusted EBITDA as profit and loss for the period before income tax expense, net financial costs and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back portfolio amortization and revaluations of purchased loans and receivables to EBITDA. We use Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of our operating cash flow generation and the liquidity of our business. Neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA is measure of financial performance calculated in accordance with IFRS and should each be viewed as a supplement to, not a substitute for, our results of operations presented in accordance with

27

IFRS. See ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information.'' The reconciliation of net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is as follows:

Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjustment for other non-cash items . . . . . . Corporate income tax paid . . . . . . . . . . . . Net financial items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Gain/(loss) from sale of subsidiaries . . . . . . Amortization and revaluation of purchased
debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net changes in working capital . . . . . . . . .
EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortization of purchased debt(a) . . . . . . . . Revaluation of purchased debt . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,
2011 2012 2013

For the six months ended June 30,

2013

2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

89 186 222 91

92

3

--

2

1

--

8

3

(5) (5)

15

48

50

41

21

20

15

--

--

--

--

(91) (112)

53

(1)

125 93 (2)

126 113
(1)

215(c) 239

(115) (4)
141 116
(1)
256

(54) 22
75 55 --
130

(53) 3
76 55 (2)
130

For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014
(unaudited)
223 -- 15(b) 40 --
(114) (23)
142 116
(2)
256

(a) Amortization of purchased debt is the difference between forecasted collections and EIR (yield) recognized on purchased portfolios.
(b) Includes the payment of a e13 million settlement reached with the Norwegian tax authorities related to the interpretation of historic tax deductions of interest on internal group loans.
(c) Includes a gain from the sale of subsidiaries amounting to e15 million.
Below is a reconciliation of profit/(loss) on ordinary activities to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA:

Profit/(loss) for the financial period . . . . . Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . .
EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortization of purchased debt(a) . . . . . . . . Revaluation of purchased debt . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,
2011 2012 2013

(24) (7)
146 9
125 93 (2)
215(b)

(19) (15) 151
9
126 113
(1)
239

(18) 21 127 10
141 116
(1)
256

For the six months ended June 30,

2013

2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

(14)

20

(3)

7

88

43

4

7

75

76

55

55

--

(2)

130

130

For the twelve months ended June 30,
2014
(unaudited)
16 31 82 13
142 116
(2)
256

(a) Amortization of purchased debt is the difference between forecasted collections and EIR (yield) recognized on purchased portfolios.
(b) Includes a gain from the sale of subsidiaries amounting to e15 million.

28

Below is a reconciliation of income from portfolios of purchased debt to Adjusted EBITDA.

Revenue from purchased loans . . . . . . . . . Amortization and revaluation of purchased
debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Collections and other revenue on
purchased loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revenue from Debt Collection and Other
Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee benefit expense . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,
2011 2012 2013
146 179 200

For the six months ended June 30,

2013

2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

100

104

91 112 115 54

53

237 291 315 154

157

240 15
(156) (35) (18) (67)

245 --
(167) (34) (19) (79)

215(a) 239

248 --
(170) (35) (19) (83)
256

126 -- (85) (18) (9) (39)
130

121 -- (82) (17) (9) (41)
130

For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014
(unaudited)
204
114
318
243 --
(167) (34) (19) (85)
256

(a) Includes a gain from the sale of subsidiaries amounting to e15 million.
(4) The carrying value of each portfolio corresponds to the present value of estimated gross future cash flows discounted by an initial EIR. The carrying value of purchased debt represents the aggregate carrying value of our portfolios of purchased debt as of the dates presented.
(5) Gross collection on purchased debt means the total principal, interest, collection fees and legal fees received on portfolios that we own.
(6) ERC means our estimated remaining collections on our portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables over an 180-month period, which represents the expected future gross cash collections of our portfolios over an 180-month period. See ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information.''
(7) Face value of purchase debt is calculated as the principal amount plus accrued fees and interest at the time of acquisition of debt portfolios.
Pro Forma and Other Information

ERC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . LTM Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Adjusted cash and cash equivalents(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . As adjusted Total Secured Debt(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . As adjusted Total Debt(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . As adjusted Total Net Debt(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ratio of as adjusted Total Secured Debt to LTM Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ratio of as adjusted Total Net Debt to LTM Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . As adjusted LTM Interest Expense(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ratio of LTM Adjusted EBITDA to as adjusted LTM Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ratio of ERC to as adjusted Total Net Debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Twelve-month period ended June 30, 2014
(unaudited) (g in millions
unless otherwise indicated)
1,891
256.0
5.0
1,002.1
1,452.5
1,447.5
3.9x
5.7x
110.1
2.3x
1.3x

(1) Adjusted cash and cash equivalents represents cash and cash equivalents as adjusted to give effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred on June 30, 2014. See ``Use of Proceeds'' and ``Capitalization.''
(2) As adjusted Total Secured Debt represents our total outstanding third-party secured indebtedness, as adjusted to give effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred on June 30, 2014. Excludes any debt that may be drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility on the Completion Date. See ``Use of Proceeds'' and ``Capitalization.''
(3) As adjusted Total Debt represents our total outstanding third-party indebtedness, as adjusted to give effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred on June 30, 2014. Excludes any debt that may be drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility on the Completion Date. See ``Use of Proceeds'' and ``Capitalization.''

29

(4) As adjusted Total Net Debt represents as adjusted Total Debt less as adjusted cash and cash equivalents. (5) As adjusted LTM Interest Expense represents interest expense in respect of the Notes, as if the Transactions had occurred on
July 1, 2013 and assuming, with respect to the Euro Floating Rate Notes, a constant EURIBOR rate for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2014 based on a three-month EURIBOR of 0.208 per cent, with respect to the NOK Floating Rate Notes, a constant NIBOR rate for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2014 based on a spot three-month NIBOR of 1.690 per cent, and with respect to the SEK Floating Rate Notes, a constant STIBOR rate for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2014 based on a three-month STIBOR rate of 0.511 per cent. As adjusted LTM Interest Expense has been presented for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to represent what our interest payments would have actually been had the issue of the Notes occurred on the date assumed, nor does it purport to project our interest payments for any future period or our financial condition at any future date.
30

TABLE OF CONTENTS

IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

i

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . vi

PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . viii

PRESENTATION OF INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . xi

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . xiii

SUMMARY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

THE OFFERING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12

SUMMARY HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24

RISK FACTORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32

THE TRANSACTIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68

USE OF PROCEEDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70

CAPITALIZATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS

OF OPERATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 113

OUR BUSINESS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 121

REGULATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 140

MANAGEMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 143

PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 147

DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 148

DESCRIPTION OF THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 185

DESCRIPTION OF THE SENIOR NOTES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 275

BOOK-ENTRY, DELIVERY AND FORM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 359

TAX CONSIDERATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 365

CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 373

LIMITATIONS ON VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THE GUARANTEES AND SECURITY

INTERESTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 375

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 411

TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 414

LEGAL MATTERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 418

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 419

ENFORCEMENT OF FOREIGN JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 420

THE ISSUERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 425

AVAILABLE INFORMATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 426

LISTING AND GENERAL INFORMATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 427

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-1

31

RISK FACTORS
An investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information in this Offering Memorandum, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before purchasing the Notes. The occurrence of any of the events discussed below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks described below are not the only ones we believe we are exposed to. Additional risks that are not currently known to us, or that we currently, based on our regular risk assessment, consider to be immaterial, could significantly impair our business activities and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any one of these events occurs, the trading price of the Notes could decline and we may not be able to pay interest or principal on Notes when due, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The order in which these risks are presented is not intended to provide an indication of the likelihood of their occurrence or of their severity or significance.
This Offering Memorandum also contains forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions and estimates and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, the risks described below and elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.
Risks Related to Our Industry and Business
The economic conditions in the markets in which we operate affect our business.
We are exposed to the economic, market and fiscal conditions in the markets in which we operate and any positive or negative developments regarding these conditions. If the economy suffers a material and adverse downturn for a prolonged period of time that, in turn, increases the unemployment rate and/or impacts interest rates and the availability of credit, we may not be able to perform debt collection services in connection with our debt collection business or on the debt portfolios we have purchased in a manner consistent with our past practice due to the inability of debtors to make payments, at the same levels or at all, as was the case during the recent economic downturn.
While leading indicators suggest that economic conditions may be improving in the markets in which we operate, with GDP growth in 2014, there can be no assurances that this will occur or that the net effect of any change in economic conditions will be positive. An improvement in the economic conditions in the markets in which we operate could impact our business and performance in various ways, including reducing the number of attractive portfolio opportunities that are available for purchase and increasing the competitiveness of the pricing for portfolios that we purchase and debt collection services that we offer. There can be no assurances that our business and results of operations will develop positively in this environment. Accordingly, any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We are active in competitive markets and may be unable to continue to successfully compete with businesses that may offer more attractive prices or have greater financial resources, less expensive funding or lower return requirements than we have.
The European CMS industry is fragmented and consists of several thousand companies with varying profiles. We face competition from new and existing debt collection providers, other purchasers of portfolios of overdue debt and other overdue receivables and debt originators that manage their own portfolios rather than outsourcing or selling them. This competition includes, but is not limited to, competition on the basis of price. New market entrants and existing competitors may offer more attractive pricing levels, both for debt collection contracts and for debt portfolio purchases, and accept lower returns in order to gain or increase market share. There can be no assurances that this price competition will not result in us paying higher prices for portfolios that we purchase or charging less for our debt collection services, both of which could decrease our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We face bidding competition in our acquisition of debt portfolios. We believe that successful bids are awarded based on price and a range of other factors, including service, compliance, reputation and relationships with the sellers of debt portfolios. Some of our current competitors, and potential new competitors, may have more effective pricing and collection models, greater adaptability to changing market needs and more established relationships in our industry and geographic markets than we do. Moreover, our competitors may elect to pay prices for debt portfolios that we determine are not
32

economically sustainable and, in that event, our volume of debt portfolio purchases may be diminished. There can be no assurances that our existing or potential sources of debt portfolios will continue to sell their portfolios at recent levels or at all, or that we will continue to offer competitive bids for debt portfolios.
Some of our current competitors, and potential new competitors, may have substantially greater financial resources, less expensive funding or lower return requirements than we currently have. Additionally, in the future we may not have the financial resources to offer competitive bids for portfolio purchases and debt collection contracts, especially when competing with competitors who have greater financial resources than we have. There can be no assurances that we will be able to develop and expand our business or adapt to changing market needs as well as our current or future competitors. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
There may not be a sufficient supply of debt, or appropriately priced debt, available for purchase, and a decrease in our ability to purchase portfolios of debt could materially and adversely affect our business.
The availability of debt portfolios at prices that generate profits depends on a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control, including:
· the level of consumer spending;
· the availability of credit to consumers, which is driven by a number of factors, including heightened regulation of the credit card and consumer lending industry, changing credit origination strategies, tighter lending criteria introduced by consumer credit providers and general economic conditions;
· the level of non-performance on consumer debt portfolios and the proportion of such portfolios that are written off by originators, which also in turn may affect the availability of credit to consumers identified above;
· sales of debt portfolios by originators, which could be jeopardized by a change in accounting policies or practices, the consolidation of credit card issuers or increased sophistication in internal collection efforts;
· potential concerns that the small value received for defaulted debt portfolios as a percentage of their face value may not outweigh the potential reputational risks or required management attention associated with selling defaulted debt portfolios;
· negative publicity or a loss of trust in our industry, whether due to the failure of one or more of our competitors to meet their legal or regulatory obligations or otherwise;
· increased government regulation of the circumstances in which originators, especially FSA-regulated entities, have a right to collect on debt; and
· the macro economic environments of the countries in which we operate.
Originators may develop technological tools that could override the advantages we believe we currently possess in terms of tracing technology and customer profile development. If originators choose to perform more of their debt collections internally as a result of these data quality improvements, the volume of debt portfolio sales or the quality of underlying debt sold could decrease and, consequently, we may not be able to buy the type and quantity of receivables at prices consistent with our historical return targets. In addition, there could be a reduction in the availability of debt portfolios sold early in the financial difficulty cycle and have had little or no exposure to collections activity. This ``fresh'' debt typically has higher collection expectations, because less work has been applied to the assets to obtain customer payments.
If we are unable to purchase portfolios from originators at appropriate prices, or if one or more originators stop or decrease their sales of portfolios due to one of the factors listed above or any other factors, we could lose a potential source of income and our business may be materially and adversely affected. If we do not replace the debt portfolios that we service with additional portfolios, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
33

A significant amount of our revenue is generated from clients active within the financial services industry.
We have derived, and believe that we will continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenue from clients active within the financial services industry. Financial institutions accounted for 68%, 64% and 60% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The departure, or potential risk of departure, from the euro by one or more Eurozone countries could lead to a reduction in market confidence and a weakening of European financial institutions. Adverse economic conditions and uncertainties, and any potential resulting failures or consolidations of financial institutions, may adversely affect us by significantly reducing our client engagements. Additionally, adverse economic conditions could lead to a reduction in the propensity of financial institutions to lend to debtors in the markets in which we operate, as was the case during the global financial crisis in 2008 and 2009. Adverse economic conditions may leading to a reduced supply of debt available for us to perform debt collection on or fewer opportunities for us to enter into forward flow agreements, as well as negatively affecting debtors by reducing disposable income levels or otherwise impairing their ability to fulfil their payment obligations. Any changes in the volume of business derived from clients active within the financial services industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We generate a significant amount of our revenue from a small number of large financial institutions.
For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 our largest debt collection client accounted for 5.3%, 4.9% and 5.4%, respectively of total revenue annually. During the same period, we purchased portfolios from 103, 123 and 118 different clients and we performed debt collection on behalf of approximately 20,000, 19,500 and 19,000 different clients. However, a significant percentage of our purchased portfolios and external revenue derived from debt collection are concentrated with a small number of large financial institutions. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we purchased 81%, 80% and 76%, respectively, of our portfolios from our largest five clients, measured by total amount paid, and 31%, 21% and 23%, respectively, of our external revenue derived from debt collection was from our largest five clients, based on the revenue we received. If we were to lose one of our large financial institutions clients, or experience a reduction in the volume of business from them, and we were unable to replace the lost revenue, then this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Errors in our collection process or other operational matters or negative attention relating to the CMS industry in general, or to us in particular, could have a negative effect on our business and reputation.
Our ability to accurately collect debt and treat debtors fairly is critical to our business and our reputation. Our reputation is fundamental to maintaining our relationships with current and potential clients, especially financial institutions, and regulators. The following events, among others, may have a negative effect on our reputation and/or our financial results: negative media publicity relating either to us or the wider CMS industry, allegations of unethical or improper behavior by us or third parties we use in the collection process, inability to collect debts on an accurate and timely basis, failure to respect and treat the debtors fairly, failures in our collection and data protection processes, the actions of third parties engaged by us in the debt collection process, IT platform failure or other operational issues, litigation, regulatory restrictions, investigations, fines or enforcement actions and matters affecting our financial reporting. The collection of debt, particularly historic debt, involves complex interpretations and calculations of contractual terms that may vary by client and/or country, which may impact the calculation of debtors' resulting payment obligations and the collection strategies we employ. Our processes and procedures are designed to ensure accuracy in the collection process and we review our collection strategies and payment calculations with a goal of ensuring that we apply best practices across our operations. However, there can be no assurances that the inherent complexity of debt calculation and historical inaccuracies will not result in any issues in the future. Any of the foregoing events could result in financial liability for us and could jeopardize our relationships with our clients, our ability to establish new client relationships, have a negative impact on a debtor's willingness to pay a debt owed to us or to our clients, diminish our attractiveness as a counterparty or lead to increased regulations of the CMS industry, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
34

We depend on the continued willingness and ability of our clients to outsource their debt collection and offer their portfolios for sale.
We depend on the willingness and ability of our clients to continue to engage us to provide CMS. Some factors that may influence the willingness and ability of our clients to engage us to provide CMS include, but are not limited to, the strength of our reputation, regulatory pressures our clients face and the value proposition that we offer. While levels of outsourcing of debt collection and levels of portfolio sales have been trending higher in recent years, our business would be adversely affected if our clients decide to reduce or discontinue the outsourcing of their debt collection or sales of portfolios or if the actual growth of levels of outsourcing and sales is lower than we expected. In addition, our future revenue may be limited if companies who do not currently outsource their debt collection or sell portfolios continue to manage their portfolios in-house. There can be no assurances that the demand for our services will increase or remain the same, and a decrease in demand for our services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We are subject to regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate and changes to the regulatory environments in which we operate or a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, licenses and codes of practice may negatively affect our business.
We are subject to regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws and regulations regarding data protection, debt collection, debt purchasing and anti-money laundering and terrorist financing at the national and supranational level. While regulations vary across jurisdictions, the overreaching legal framework relevant for companies in the CMS industry is of a similar nature across the jurisdictions in which we operate. We have detailed policies and country-specific procedures in place that are designed to ensure that we operate in compliance with applicable law and that compliance issues, if any, are identified and appropriately elevated within the organization. Our policy regarding regulatory compliance defines, among other things, governing principles regarding identification of governing laws and regulations, delegation of compliance responsibilities, guidelines on education and competence, testing and documentation of regulatory compliance control measures. For further information on the current regulatory framework see ``Regulation.'' Adverse regulatory developments under the laws and regulations to which we are subject could expose us to a number of risks.
The CMS industry could be subject to increased scrutiny due to local political factors, which could lead to changes in laws and regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or changes to their interpretation by supervisory authorities and courts, may reduce our operational flexibility and limit our ability to use our debtor data to price portfolios and create efficient debt collection strategies. On January 25, 2012, the European Commission published its draft EU Data Protection Regulation. The draft regulation proposes substantial changes to the EU data protection regime, which would result in the replacement of the current national data protection laws by a directly applicable EU regulation. If this draft regulation became law in its currently proposed form, it would impose a substantially higher compliance burden on the industry and potentially impair our ability to use debtor data, for example by restricting our ability to create debtor profiles. On March 12, 2014, the European Parliament formally passed a revised proposal of the regulation that further strengthens individuals' rights in this area. For further information see ``Regulation--Data Protection.'' In addition, if any of the information or debtor data that we use were to become public, including as a result of a change in governmental regulation, or if the countries where we operate were to introduce measures that have the effect of facilitating the tracing of debtors, or if the current data processing restrictions were to change such that credit market participants could access credit information before the purchase of portfolios, or if the current data processing restrictions were to change such that we be prohibited to use debtor data in the manner or to the extent in which it is currently used, we could lose a significant competitive advantage and our business could be negatively affected.
In each of the countries in which we currently have local operations, with the exception of Finland, we are able to extend the statutes of limitation on historic debt claims by taking legal actions or notifying the debtor or otherwise interrupting the limitation period, and in Finland statute barring only applies to claims against private individuals where such claim has been established by a court decision and has not been settled within 15 years from such court decision that are more than 15 years old. In Sweden, a governmental report published in November 2013 suggested that claims that have been established by a court or the enforcement authority should be barred after 15 years. While our experience with the same issue in Finland demonstrated that we were able to adjust our operations to the changes in the regulatory environment, there can be no assurances that we would be successful in adjusting our operations to changes in the regulatory environment in Sweden or in other jurisdictions.
35

In Germany, the regulatory framework for debt collection has been tightened by the Act Against Dubious Business Practices (``Gesetz gegen unserio¨se Gescha¨ftspraktiken'') which entered into force on October 9, 2013. Under this regulation, inter alia, the reimbursement of costs for debt collection is limited, and the costs may not exceed the amount a lawyer would be entitled to claim as compensation for a corresponding activity.
From time to time, we may receive inquiries from regulatory authorities and it is our practice to cooperate with such inquiries. We are also subject to regular audits by the regulatory authorities in various countries where we operate. An adverse outcome of any such investigation or other inquiries from regulatory authorities may result in:
· the institution of administrative, civil or criminal proceedings;
· sanctions and the payment of fines and penalties, including potential suspension or revocation of regulatory licenses depending on the severity and scale of any regulatory issues;
· changes in personnel;
· our inability to conduct business due to the loss of our regulatory license or restrictions or conditions being placed on our activities;
· increased review and scrutiny of our services by our clients, regulatory authorities and others; and
· negative media publicity and reputational damage.
Individual employees may act against our instructions and either inadvertently or deliberately violate applicable competition laws and regulations by engaging in prohibited activities such as price fixing or colluding with competitors regarding markets or clients. Such actions may harm our reputation and, if we are held responsible, the resulting fines and other sanctions could be substantial. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Compliance with this extensive regulatory framework is expensive and labor-intensive. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, or our failure to comply with a contractual compliance obligation, could result in investigations and enforcement actions, licenses that we need to do business not being renewed or being revoked, fines or the suspension or termination of our ability to conduct collections. In addition, such failure to comply or revocation of a license, or other actions by us may damage the reputation of our clients. Damage to our reputation, whether because of a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or rules, or revocation of a license or any other regulatory action or our failure to comply with a contractual compliance obligation, could deter vendors from choosing us as their debt purchase provider.
Our operations in multiple markets expose us to local risks in a number of European markets.
We currently have local operations in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia and we also entered the Italian market in August 2014. Our business is subject to local risks due to our operations in multiple European markets, including multiple national and local regulatory and compliance requirements relating to labor, licensing requirements, consumer credit, data protection, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and other regulatory regimes, potential adverse tax consequences, antitrust regulations, an inability to enforce remedies in certain jurisdictions and geopolitical and social conditions in certain sectors of relevant markets. Any negative impact caused by the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We are subject to risks associated with our contracts for debt collection services, including our ability to correctly assess pricing terms and the potential early termination or a reduction in the volume of claims we service.
The profitability of our debt collection services will generally depend upon our ability to successfully calculate prices by taking into consideration all economic factors and our ability to manage day-to-day operations under these contracts. Under most of our debt collection contracts we do not get paid unless a debtor begins paying on a claim and we may be unable to accurately predict the costs or identify the risks associated with these contracts or the complexity of the services, which may result in lower than expected margins, losses under these contracts or even the loss of clients. Our contracts for debt
36

collection services also subject us to penalty clauses, extraordinary termination clauses and benchmark clauses. If we are unable to satisfy the terms of our contracts then we could potentially have contracts terminated and lose clients and revenue.
The majority of our debt collection contracts have a stated term, typically two years, and, in some cases, termination clauses permitting the client to cancel the contract at the client's discretion following the expiration of an agreed notice period. There can be no assurances that our clients will not exercise their rights to terminate their contracts prior to expiration or that we will be successful in negotiating new contracts with clients as such contracts expire. In addition, we are also exposed to unforeseen changes in the scope of existing contracts, including prices or volumes that may occur as a result of any changes in the general business or political landscape of our clients. Most of our debt collection contracts do not have volume commitments and a client can eliminate or reduce the volume of claims they outsource to us for debt collection without formally terminating the contract. We may have disputes or disagreements with our clients as to the level of services we have agreed to provide or contract terms. The potential effects of these risks may increase as we enter into larger contracts. If we are unable to fulfil our obligations under our contracts for any reason, we risk the loss of revenue and fees under that contract, the potential loss of a client and significant harm to our reputation. Any of our contracts could become more costly than initially anticipated, and as a result, we may experience significant increases in our operating costs and/or potential litigation. Further, we may experience delays in integrating with our existing operations any Collection Platforms that we acquire. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
The value of our existing portfolios may deteriorate, or we may not be able to collect sufficient amounts on our portfolios to take advantage of opportunities for portfolio purchases as they arise in the market.
As the length of time involved in collecting on our existing portfolios may be extensive, and the factors affecting debt collection rates may be volatile and outside our control, we may be unable to identify economic trends or make changes in our purchasing strategies in a timely manner. If the assumptions used by us in our models are incorrect, including, but not limited to, claims not being time barred, the age and balances of the purchased claims being correctly stated by the sellers, debtors being alive and the claim not being a result of fraud, or if some of the accounts in a portfolio behave differently from the way we expect, there could result a loss of value in a portfolio after purchase, subsequent negative revaluations in our statement of financial position and a continuing deterioration in value over time as actual collections can deviate significantly from the collection estimates produced by our pricing model as accounts age.
We purchase loans at significant discount to face value. These are typically loans that debtors have failed to repay and, in many cases, that the client has deemed to be uncollectable. It is crucial for our business that we are able to identify portfolios that are of sufficient quality for us to determine that we are likely to collect on the claims. Clients generally make numerous attempts to recover on their overdue debt and other overdue receivables before selling them, often using a combination of in-house recovery efforts and third-party collection agencies. These overdue claims are difficult to collect and we may not collect a sufficient amount to cover our investment associated with purchasing the portfolios of overdue receivables and the costs of running our business. There can be no assurances that any of the claims contained in our purchased portfolios will eventually be collected. While we attempt to secure legal title on a large number of claims through obtaining security or creating an attachment to wages, most of the claims that we own are unsecured and an increase in bankruptcy filings involving debtors could impact our ability to collect on those claims. If the cash flows from our existing portfolios (and the debt portfolios we purchase in the future) are less than anticipated, we may be unable to purchase all of the new portfolios that we would like to purchase, we may have to pay a higher interest rate to finance the purchase of new portfolios or we may have to accept lower returns. As a result, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
The statistical models and data analysis tools that we use in our business may prove to be inaccurate, we may not achieve anticipated levels of return and we may be unable to appropriately identify and address underperforming portfolios.
We use internally-developed models and other data analysis tools extensively in our operations. For example, we use our experience-driven models to estimate collection curves in relation to potential portfolio purchases. At the time of purchase, however, we are likely to have imperfect information about
37

the precise age of the debt, the ability of the debtor to pay, the time at which the debtor will pay and the cost required to service and collect on such debts. Moreover, our historical information about portfolios may not be indicative of the characteristics of subsequent portfolios purchased from the same client or within the same industry due to changes in business practices or economic developments. Further, the availability of relevant data varies from market to market. There is a significant amount of management judgment and estimation involved in purchasing and valuing portfolios and there can be no assurances that management's judgments and estimations will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, although we have review structures in place designed to ensure that portfolios performing significantly outside of forecast will be reviewed by management, there can be no assurances that we will be able to appropriately identify and address underperforming portfolios.
In addition, if we purchase types of portfolios with which we have limited experience, or purchase portfolios in regions in which we have limited experience, or from clients with whom we have no prior dealings, our ability to properly price and to collect on such portfolios may be adversely affected. Lack of reliable information, or the use of incorrect assumptions, can lead to mispricing of purchased portfolios, which may have an adverse effect on the financial returns from such portfolios. Our statistical models and analysis tools assess information provided by third parties, such as credit information suppliers and other mainstream or public sources, or generated by software products. We have no control over the accuracy or sufficiency of information received from such third parties. If such information is not accurate or sufficient, we could incorrectly price portfolios that we purchase, or incorrectly value our existing portfolios, set client prices or performance goals inaccurately, and experience lower liquidation rates or larger operating expenses.
There can be no assurances that any of the current or future loans contained in our purchased portfolios will eventually be collected. If we are not able to achieve forecasted levels of collection, valuation impairments may be recognized, amortization may increase and revenue and returns on purchases of portfolios may be reduced. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We may not be able to purchase portfolios at appropriate prices or of sufficient quality.
Portfolios do not become available for purchase on a consistent basis through the year. The availability of portfolios at prices that generate an appropriate ``return on purchased debt'' (as defined herein) depends on a number of factors both within and outside of our control, such as the continuation of current growth trends in the levels of overdue debt and other overdue receivables, volumes of portfolio sales by clients and competitive factors affecting potential purchasers and debt originators. Additionally, an increase in demand for portfolios among competitors could result in us not being chosen to purchase a portfolio due to more attractive offers from competitors.
There can be no assurances that we will continuously be able to identify a sufficient volume of portfolios at appropriate prices. If we are unable to identify portfolios at appropriate prices or that are of sufficient quality, we may have to purchase loans of asset types or in industries in which we have little or no experience, or in industries where it is more difficult to collect on overdue receivables because of secrecy requirements, for example the healthcare or legal sector. Purchases in these asset types or industries may impair our ability to collect on these claims and may cause us to pay too much for these claims and consequently we may not generate a profit from these debt purchases. A potential inconsistency in the availability of portfolios for purchase may mean that during certain financial reporting periods we may make few or no purchases of debt.
If we are unable to identify sufficient levels of attractive portfolios and generate an appropriate return on purchased debt, we may experience difficulties covering such expenses and may, as a consequence, have to reduce the number of our collection personnel or take other measures to reduce costs. These developments could lead to disruptions in our operations, loss of efficiency, low employee morale, fewer experienced employees and excess costs associated with unused space in our facilities. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
38

Failure to renew existing debt collection contracts, win new debt collection contracts, replace terminated forward flow agreements or successfully manage our commitments under forward flow agreements may adversely affect our revenue.
We obtain most of our debt collection contracts through a competitive bidding process, and substantially all of the debt collection contracts that we expect to seek in the foreseeable future likely will be subject to a competitive bidding process. We may be required to compete to renew existing debt collection contracts that have in the past been awarded to us without competition from competitors or as to which we have been the incumbent provider of debt collection services for a long time. We may also be required to enter into debt collection contracts at price levels or with margins that are lower than we find acceptable. We may not be afforded the opportunity in the future to bid on debt collection contracts that are held by other companies and are scheduled to expire if the existing contract is extended. In addition, we cannot be certain that all our existing customers will choose to continue to use our debt collection services in the future. Our inability to renew contracts with existing customers or to find suitable replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, e54 million, e44 million and e35 million respectively, of the debt we purchased involved forward flow agreements. A forward flow agreement is an arrangement in which we agree to purchase claims based on specific parameters from a third-party supplier on a periodic basis at a set price over a specified time period. We could lose a potential source of income if we are unable to renew or replace any volume represented by our forward flow agreements upon termination or expiration. Forward flow agreements are typically not long-term contracts in nature and a number of our forward flow agreements expire in 2014. Although we expect that many of these will be renewed, our current forward flow agreements provide no medium to long-term assurance on purchasing levels.
Commitments under forward flow contracts are typically for approximately 12 months, however depending upon the length of the contractual arrangements, forward flow agreements typically contain termination clauses that allow the arrangement to be terminated in certain circumstances. While we have significant experience in negotiating the terms of forward flow agreements, and our forward flow agreements typically contain contractual provisions allowing us to return claims if they are outside the scope of the agreement, we may be required to purchase debt under a forward flow agreement for an amount higher than we would otherwise have agreed at the time of purchase, which could result in reduced returns. In a more competitive environment, we could be faced with a decision to either decrease our purchasing volume or agree to forward flow agreements at increased prices or with less contractual protections, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. We generally contemplate future fluctuations in the value of the debt that we purchase through forward flow agreements, but such fluctuations in value may exceed our expectations. If we are unable to contractually terminate an agreement we may have to accept claims that are of a lower quality than what we intended to purchase, which could result in lower returns. If the quality of debt purchased varies from our pricing assumptions, we may also price the contract improperly. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We may not be able to procure sufficient funding at favorable terms to purchase further portfolios as they become available.
Historically, we have funded purchases of portfolios through borrowings, capital injections by our shareholders and cash generated by our operations. Our ability to obtain funding in the future from these sources will depend on our performance and prospects, as well as factors over which we do not exercise control. Such factors may include weak economic and capital market conditions during or prior to periods in which attractive portfolios are available for purchase, the ability and willingness of banks to lend to our industry generally or to us in particular, and changes in fiscal, monetary and other government policies, among others. While we believe that we currently have a flexible borrowing base, there can be no assurances that the terms of our borrowing base will not change in the future and/or will not limit our ability to increase our leverage or maintain our flexibility. An inability to procure sufficient funding at favorable terms to purchase portfolios as they become available could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
39

A material failure in banking systems could negatively affect our business.
We depend on banking systems to execute payment transactions in connection with our business. A systematic shutdown of the banking industry would impede our ability to process funds on behalf of clients and to collect on claims. As such, any material failure in banking systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We depend on certain third parties as part of the supply chain to provide our services.
Our business is dependent on a number of key relationships with third parties as part of the supply chain to provide our services. We outsource certain IT functions, and the success of this depends on our ability to organize the outsourcing effectively and to share certain data with such third parties. We also rely on third-party partners to collect on claims located outside of the geographic markets in which we have local operations. The third parties that we engage to carry out such international debt collection services are subject to more limited supervision by us than our own local operations, which may make us subject to additional risks in relation to these services, such as potential non-compliance and business integrity issues which could significantly harm our reputation. Additionally, we typically utilize bailiffs to assist with seizure of property, garnishments and other court ordered solutions and enforce successfully resolved legal claims under e15,000. Our reputation and relationships with our clients could be adversely affected if these bailiffs do not act in accordance with applicable legal frameworks.
If any of these third-party providers do not meet the agreed service levels, or if there were to be any breach in the data protection of any of these third-party providers who may have access to the confidential information of our clients, this could adversely affect our reputation and our relationships with our clients. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We may make acquisitions or pursue business combinations that prove unsuccessful or that strain or divert our resources and we may not be able to manage our growth effectively.
We selectively pursue potential acquisitions of portfolios and Collection Platforms to expand our geographic footprint and to increase our market share in countries where we already operate. There can be no assurances that we will be able to identify or complete acquisitions or that, if identified, any anticipated benefits will be realized from such acquisitions. Further, it may take longer than anticipated to realize anticipated benefits from such acquisitions because we often cannot control the timing of the closing of such acquisitions. If we do acquire other Collection Platforms, we may not be able to successfully integrate these businesses with our own and we may be unable to maintain our standards, controls and policies which may result in compliance issues, goodwill write offs and damage to our reputation. For example, if we acquire other businesses we will face costs and security risks due to the need to integrate the purchased company's IT platform into our existing platform. Additionally, if we purchase a large portfolio we may be unable to successfully integrate it into our existing operations or the costs associated with successfully integrating it may be higher than anticipated. Further, acquisitions may place additional constraints on our resources, including diverting the attention of our management from other business concerns. In addition, successful completion of an acquisition may depend on consents from third parties, including regulatory authorities and private parties, which are beyond our control. Further, we are subject to the risks associated with write-downs and impairments to goodwill in connection with acquisitions.
As we expand into new jurisdictions, our business will be subject to applicable laws, regulations and licensing requirements in those new jurisdictions, which may be different or more stringent than the jurisdictions in which we currently operate. Moreover, if we expand our operations further internationally, including into emerging markets, we will be subject to additional risks, including political and economic risks and conditions being generally less predictable than in countries with more developed institutional structures. We will be subject to the risks of inflation, recession, currency and interest rate fluctuations, an inability to enforce remedies, difficulty in adequately establishing, staffing and managing operations, risk of non-compliance and business integrity issues, variations in regulation and governmental policies, including additional fees, costs and licenses, and risk of political and social instability.
There can be no assurances that we will be able to manage our growth effectively and that our infrastructure, facilities and personnel will be adequate to support our future operations or to effectively adapt to future growth. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
40

We may not be able to successfully maintain and develop our IT infrastructure platform or data analysis systems, anticipate, manage or adopt technological advances within our industry or prevent a breach or disruption of the security of our IT infrastructure platform and data analysis systems.
We rely on our IT infrastructure platform and data analysis systems and our ability to integrate these technologies into our business is essential to our competitive position and our success. This subjects us to inherent costs and risks associated with maintaining, upgrading, replacing and changing these systems, including impairment of our information technology, substantial capital expenditures and demands on management time. For example, the purchase of an existing Collection Platform in order to expand into a new country may force us to upgrade the IT platform and data analysis systems of the newly acquired company to meet our standards, causing increased capital expenditures and demands on management time.
IT and telecommunications technologies are evolving rapidly and are characterized by short product life cycles. We may not be successful in anticipating, managing or adopting technological changes on a timely basis. We may not be successful in implementing improvements of our IT or data analysis systems, including reducing the number of collection systems from over twenty to less than five and improving operation efficiency through further IT development, which could result in additional costs. The cost of these improvements could be higher than anticipated or result in management not being able to devote sufficient attention to other areas of our business. We depend on having the capital resources necessary to invest in new technologies to purchase and service claims and there can be no assurances that adequate capital resources will be available to us at the appropriate time. Furthermore, if we become unable to continue to acquire, aggregate or use such information and data in the manner or to the extent in which it is currently acquired, aggregated and used, due to lack of resources, regulatory restrictions or any other reason, we may lose a significant competitive advantage.
Any security breach in our IT infrastructure platform and data analysis systems, or any temporary or permanent failure in these systems, could disrupt our operations. Although we have made investments in the security of our IT infrastructure platform and data analysis systems, we may need to further enhance capabilities and resilience and we may be subject to future attempts to gain unauthorized access to confidential or sensitive information. Our websites could potentially suffer cyber-attacks, which could disrupt our IT infrastructure platform and data analysis systems and impair our ability to provide online services. In addition, in the event of a catastrophic occurrence, our ability to protect our infrastructure and maintain ongoing operations could be significantly impaired. Our business continuity and disaster recovery plans cover the majority of our systems and services, but may not be successful in mitigating the effects of a catastrophic occurrence, such as fire, flood, tornado, power loss or telecommunications failures for some or all of our IT infrastructure platform and data analysis systems. Any of these developments could hinder or prevent us from using our IT infrastructure platform or data analysis systems as part of our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We rely on publicly available data provided by third-party sources and an increase in the cost in, or a failure to receive, the available data could negatively affect our business.
We rely partly on publicly available data provided by multiple credit information suppliers and other sources in order to operate our business. Our business, along with the businesses of our competitors, could be negatively affected if any third-party sources were to stop providing this data for any reason, including a change in laws or regulations, or if they were to considerably raise the price of their services. Any of these developments could hinder or prevent us from using our data analysis as part of our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Improper disclosure of our clients' sensitive data, debtor data or a breach of data protection laws could negatively affect our business or reputation.
We handle and process large amounts of potentially sensitive or confidential information such as personal information of debtors, including names and account numbers, locations, contact information and other account specific data. Any security or privacy breaches of these databases could expose us to liability, increase our expenses relating to resolution of these breaches, harm our reputation and deter clients from conducting business with us. We rely on our data analysis system to record and process
41

significant amounts of data quickly and accurately to access, maintain and expand the databases we use for our debt collection and for our analysis of potential debt purchases. Our ability to conduct our business, such as the ability to price the purchase of portfolios, trace debtors and develop tailored repayment plans, depends on our ability to use debtor data in our data analysis system. Our ability to obtain, retain, share and otherwise process debtor data is governed by data protection laws, privacy requirements and other regulatory restrictions, including, for example, that personal data may only be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes, and may only be processed in a manner consistent with these purposes. Further, the collected personal data must be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which it is collected and/or processed, and it must not be kept in a form that permits identification of debtors for a longer period of time than necessary for the purposes of the collection. While we continuously work to improve our design and coordination of security and compliance controls across our business, it is possible that our security controls over personal debtor data, our training of employees and partners on data protection, and other data protection practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure or processing of such sensitive information in breach of contract and applicable law, which may vary across the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any material failure to process debtor data in compliance with applicable laws could result in the revocation of our licenses, monetary fines, criminal charges and breach of contractual arrangements. Any issue of data protection could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Failure to protect our debtor data from unauthorized use could negatively affect our business.
Failure to protect, monitor and control the use of our debtor data could cause us to lose a competitive advantage. We rely on a combination of contractual provisions and confidentiality procedures to protect our debtor data and our debtor data is stored and protected in our IT infrastructure platform with access limitations. These measures afford only limited protection and competitors or others may gain access to our debtor data. Our debtor data could be subject to unauthorized use, misappropriation, or disclosure, despite having required our employees, consultants and clients to enter into confidentiality agreements. There can be no assurances that such confidentiality agreements will not be breached or will be of sufficient duration and that adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure. Policing unauthorized use of such rights can be difficult and expensive and adequate remedies may not be available or available in an acceptable time frame. A failure to protect our debtor data from unauthorized use, or to comply with current applicable or future laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Our senior management team is important to our continued success; demand in our industry for personnel with the relevant capabilities and experience is high and the loss of one or more members of senior management could negatively affect our business.
Our future success partially depends on the skills, experience and efforts of our senior management and other key personnel and our ability to retain such members of the management team and other key employees. The demand in our industry for personnel with the relevant capabilities and experience is high and our success in attracting and retaining employees is not guaranteed. There can be no assurances that we will be able to retain our executive officers and key personnel or attract additional qualified management in the future. The loss of the services of our senior management and other key personnel could seriously impair our ability to continue to purchase portfolios or collect on claims and to manage and expand our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We may not be able to hire and retain enough sufficiently trained personnel to support our operations.
The debt collection industry is labor intensive and we compete for qualified personnel with companies in our industry and in other industries. There can be no assurances that we will be able to continue to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel or be flexible enough to react to changing market environments. Our growth requires that we continually hire and train new debt collectors. A higher turnover rate among our debt collectors will increase our recruiting and training costs and limit the number of experienced debt collection personnel available to service our and our clients' portfolios. If this were to occur, we would not be able to service such portfolios effectively and this would reduce our ability to continue our growth and to operate profitability. We also have a number of employees that
42

possess critical knowledge about our IT infrastructure platform, data analysis systems and our debt purchasing operations and an inability to retain these employees could negatively impact our business. For example, if we were to lose the head of debt purchasing in any of the countries where we operate, we would need to shift resources from the Group level to the specific country and could experience a reduction in purchasing levels until we find a suitable locally-based replacement. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Increases in labor costs, potential labor disputes and work stoppages could negatively affect our business.
Our financial performance is affected by the availability of qualified personnel and the cost of labor. As of December 31, 2013, we had the equivalent of 2,755 employees in total. There are currently collective bargaining agreements in place with certain unions. If we are unable to maintain satisfactory labor agreements with our unionized employees and works councils, we could experience a disruption of our operations, which could impede our ability to provide services to our clients. In addition, an increased number of unionized employees could cause us to incur additional labor costs and increase the related risks we face. Potential labor disputes could disrupt our operations. Further, an increased demand for our employees from competitors could increase costs associated with employee compensation. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Litigation, investigations and proceedings may negatively affect our business.
We may be adversely affected by judgments, settlements, unanticipated costs or other effects of legal and administrative proceedings now pending or that may be instituted in the future, or from investigations by regulatory bodies or administrative agencies. We are currently party to a number of ongoing tax litigations and investigations regarding VAT, corporate income taxes and intra-group loan pricing. There are currently ongoing tax audits/litigation matters involving the Group. The gross amount at stake is approximately e116.9 million, implying a cash tax effect of e36.2 million, including punitive tax increases that may vary from country to country. See ``Our Business--Legal and Administrative Proceedings.'' The Altor Funds and Investor have agreed to indemnify the Senior Secured Notes Issuer in the event that additional tax is imposed on Lindorff AB and its consolidated subsidiaries as a result of certain of these ongoing tax audits, up to a specified amount. Depending on the outcome of such tax audits/litigation, tax authorities may launch tax audits or invesigations relating to subsequent periods. We may become subject to claims and a number of judicial and administrative proceedings considered normal in the course of our operations, including consumer credit disputes with debtors, labor disputes, contract disputes, intellectual property disputes, government audits and proceedings, client disputes and tort claims. In some proceedings, the claimant may seek damages as well as other remedies, which, if granted, would require expenditures on our part and we may ultimately incur costs relating to these proceedings that exceed our present or future financial accruals or insurance coverage. Even if we or our directors, officers and employees (as the case may be) are not ultimately found to be liable, defending claims or lawsuits could be expensive and time consuming, divert management resources, damage our reputation and attract regulatory inquiries. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Potential liability for historical taxation may negatively affect our business.
Tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate have increased their focus on the ownership and financial structures of private equity firms and their portfolio companies. We are owned by a private equity fund and will continue to be owned by a private equity fund following the acquisition and the tax authorities' scrutiny of these structures may result in increased taxes, including taxes for historical tax periods, for us and/or our owners.
Our effective tax rate may increase.
As a multinational company, we are subject to taxation in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate is subject to fluctuation from one period to the next because the income tax rates for each year are a function of many factors, including: (i) taxable income levels and the effects of a mix of profits (losses) earned by us and our subsidiaries in numerous tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates; (ii) our ability to utilize deferred tax assets; (iii) taxes, refunds, interest or penalties resulting
43

from tax audits; (iv) the magnitude of various credits and deductions as a percentage of total taxable income; and (v) changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws. Changes in the mix of these items may cause our effective tax rate to fluctuate between periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Tax structuring within international groups have become increasingly a Corporate Social Responsibility issue and there is currently strong political pressure to change the international tax environment. In light of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plan, launched by the OECD and supported by the EU, and its rapid development there are indications that there is support for global tax coordination among jurisdictions, which could have a significant impact on the international taxation landscape in which we operate.
We may experience volatility in our reported financial results due to the revaluation of our purchased portfolios and the timing of portfolio purchases during the financial year.
Our purchased portfolios are recorded at purchase cost at the time of their purchase and thereafter held at amortized cost through profit and loss. The fair value of our portfolios are tested regularly. Any movement in fair value is charged through the profit and loss account. Accordingly, the value of our purchased portfolios as recorded on our statement of financial position may fluctuate each time management reassesses forecasted cash flows.
Our forecasted cash flows are based on a number of assumptions, as the forecast is generated by applying historically observed decay rates to the actual gross collections achieved in recent months and accounting for macroeconomic conditions and operational improvements, among other things. These historically observed decay rates are linked to the underlying collection fundamentals applicable at the time, including, among others, general economic conditions, the collections strategy, collections legislation and debtor behavior. Any changes to these assumptions would result in revaluations, which would have the effect of changing the value of the portfolios on our consolidated statement of financial position and lead to the inclusion of a fair value movement in our consolidated profit and loss account. Fair value movements are non-cash movements but are derived from the actual collections achieved in each individual portfolio, and affect cost of sales and subsequently flow through to other profit and loss account line items, including gross profit, operating profit and the amount of tax on ordinary activities. They would also impact our cash outflows for tax payments.
There is generally a gap between the point in time when we purchase a portfolio and the point in time when we begin earning returns on the purchased portfolio as we do not always have control over when a deal to purchase a portfolio will close and we need to locate debtors, build a consolidated profile of each such debtor's circumstances and formulate an appropriate repayment solution before we can start to collect on a purchased portfolio. As a result, we may experience uneven cash flows and delays in generating income from purchased portfolios. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Our collections may decrease and/or the timing on when we collect be delayed if the number of consumers becoming subject to personal insolvency procedures increases.
We recover on claims that may become subject to insolvency procedures under applicable laws and we also purchase portfolios containing claims that are currently subject to insolvency proceedings. Various economic trends and potential changes to existing legislation may contribute to an increase in the number of consumers subject to personal insolvency procedures. Under some insolvency procedures, a person's assets may be sold to repay creditors, but because the portfolios that we service are generally unsecured, we are generally unable to collect on such portfolios. Therefore, our ability to successfully collect on portfolios may decline or the timing on when we collect on portfolios may be delayed with an increase in personal insolvency procedures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We may be unable to obtain account documents for some of the accounts that we purchase.
When we commence enforcement actions through legal proceedings, courts may require a copy of the account statements or applications to be attached to the pleadings in order to obtain a judgment against a particular customer. Where we are unable to produce account documents in response to a customer's request, that account would be legally unenforceable. Furthermore, if any of the account documents we do have were found to be legally unenforceable, courts may deny our claims. Any changes to laws,
44

regulations or rules that affect the manner in which we initiate enforcement proceedings, including rules affecting documentation, could result in increased administration costs or limit the availability of litigation as a collection tool, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, our ability to collect by means other than legal proceedings may be impacted by laws that require that certain types of account documentation be in our possession prior to the institution of any collection activities, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Historical operating results and quarterly cash collections may not be indicative of future performance.
Our future operating results may not reflect past performance. Our results of operations and financial condition are dependent on our ability to generate collections from overdue receivables, which in turn is impacted by the ability of debtors to pay. The ability of debtors to refinance their existing debt could result in the reduction in the volume of NPLs available for collection or purchase. Further, increasing interest rates may impact the ability of debtors to pay claims that we own as debtors may have other debts that would be impacted by rising interest rates, resulting in an adverse effect in our ability to collect on our purchased debt portfolios.
In addition, we are exposed to quarterly variations in our operating results, which may be affected by the timing of the closing of portfolio purchases, which we often cannot control, and the speed with which we can integrate the portfolios into our systems. We have historically experienced seasonal variation in our collections, as discussed in ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations--Seasonality.'' Consequently, our revenue and margins may fluctuate quarter to quarter. If the pace of our growth slows, our quarterly cash collections and operating results may become increasingly subject to fluctuation. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We are exposed to the risk of currency fluctuations.
We have local operations in eleven countries. The results of and the financial position of subsidiaries are reported in the relevant local currencies, including the Norwegian kroner and Swedish kronor, and then translated into euro at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements, which are stated in euro. For the year ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, 51%, 58% and 66%, respectively, of our revenue was reported by entities whose functional currencies are different than the euro, primarily Norwegian kroner, Swedish kronor and Danish kroner, which accounted for 34%, 12% and 4%, respectively, of our revenue in 2013, 36%, 15% and 5%, respectively, of our revenue in 2012 and 43%, 17% and 5%, respectively, of our revenue in 2011. For the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, 50% and 51%, respectively, of our revenue was reported by entities whose functional currencies are different than the euro, primarily Danish kroner, Norwegian kroner and Swedish kronor, which accounted for 4%, 31% and 14%, respectively, of our revenue in the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 4%, 34% and 13%, respectively, of our revenue in the six months ended June 30, 2013.
The exchange rates between these currencies and euro in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may in the future fluctuate significantly. Consequently, to the extent that foreign exchange rate exposures are not hedged, fluctuations in currencies may adversely affect our financial results in ways unrelated to our operations. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We may not be successful in achieving our strategic goals.
We may not be successful in developing and implementing our strategic plans for our businesses, including expanding into selected new geographic markets and continuing to drive operational scale and excellence across countries. If the development or implementation of such plans is not successful we may not produce the revenue, margins, earnings or synergies that we need to be successful and to offset the impact of adverse economic conditions that may exist currently or develop in the future. We may also face delays or difficulties in implementing process and system improvements, which could adversely affect our ability to successfully compete in the markets we serve. In addition, the costs associated with implementing such plans may exceed anticipated amounts and we may not have sufficient financial resources to fund all of the desired or necessary investments required in connection
45

with our plans, including one-time costs associated with our business consolidation and operating improvement plans.
As part of our growth strategy, we seek acquisition opportunities and invest significant resources in making acquisition bids, which we may not win. We may not recover allocated resources, costs and expenses of failed bids, which could adversely impact our liquidity and cash flows. The existing and future execution of our strategic and operating plans will, to some extent, also be dependent on external factors that we cannot control, such as legislative changes, systemic failures in our industry or the industry sectors of our clients and changes in fiscal and monetary policies. In addition, these strategic and operational plans need to be continually reassessed to meet the challenges and needs of our businesses in order for us to remain competitive. The failure to implement and execute our strategic and operating plans in a timely manner or at all, realize the cost savings or other benefits or improvements associated with such plans, have financial resources to fund the costs associated with such plans or incur costs in excess of anticipated amounts, or sufficiently assess and reassess these plans, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Our purchasing patterns and the seasonality of our business may lead to volatility in our cash flow.
Our business depends on the ability to collect on our debt portfolios and purchase portfolios of debt. Debt collection is highly affected by seasonal factors, including the number of work days in a given month, the propensity of debtors to take holidays at particular times of the year and annual cycles in disposable income. Accordingly, collections within portfolios tend to have high seasonal variances, while our costs are more evenly spread out over the year, resulting in high variances of margins and profitability between quarters. Furthermore, our debt portfolio purchases are likely to be uneven during the year due to fluctuating supply and demand within the market. See ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Key Factors Affecting our Results of Operations--Seasonality.'' The combination of seasonal collections and costs and uneven purchases may result in low cash flow at a time when attractive debt portfolios become available. While in the past we have been able to obtain interim funding from our shareholders, we may not be able to do so in the future. A lack of cash flow could prevent us from purchasing otherwise desirable debt portfolios or prevent us from meeting our obligations under any forward flow agreements we may enter, either of which could materially and adversely affect our business
Risks Related to the Group's Financial Profile
Our substantial leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect our business and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations with respect to the Notes and the Guarantees. We may incur substantially more debt in the future, including debt in connection with future acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us to service our debt, including the Notes, and impair our ability to operate our business.
We currently have, and after the issuance of the Notes will continue to have, a significant amount of outstanding debt with substantial debt service requirements. As of June 30, 2014, and as adjusted to give effect to the issuance of the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof, our net financial debt would have been e1,447.5 million. See ``Capitalization.'' In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility will initially provide for borrowings up to an aggregate of e225 million of which e175 million will be available after the Completion Date and up to e50 million may be available on the Completion Date to the extent additional sources of funds are required on such date.
Our significant leverage could have important consequences for our business and operations and for holders of the Notes, including, but not limited to:
· making it difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Notes and our other debts and liabilities;
· increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic and industry conditions;
· requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, joint ventures or other general corporate purposes;
46

· limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the competitive environment and the industry in which we operate;
· placing us at a disadvantage to our competitors, to the extent that they are not as highly leveraged;
· restricting us from pursuing strategic acquisitions or exploiting certain business opportunities;
· limiting the Group's ability to borrow additional funds and increasing the cost of any such borrowing; and
· making it difficult for us to comply with regulatory capital requirements.
In addition, we may incur substantial additional debt in the future. Although the Indentures and the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement will contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions and, under certain circumstances, the amount of debt that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Under the Indentures, in addition to specified permitted debt, we will be able to incur additional debt so long as our Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Indentures) on a pro forma basis is at least 2.0 to 1.0, and in the event such debt is senior secured debt, our Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Indentures) on a pro forma basis does not exceed 4.0 to 1.0. Newly acquired future subsidiaries will be able to maintain pre-existing debt, including debt incurred in connection with their acquisition by us, as long as our Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio following the completion of the acquisition of such subsidiary would not be less than immediately prior to such acquisition and, in the case of senior secured debt incurred by us in connection with the acquisition, our Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio on a pro forma basis does not exceed 4.0 to 1.0. Any such debt of newly acquired subsidiaries may share in the Senior Secured Notes Collateral on an equal or junior basis. We will also be able to refinance debt outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement with debt incurred in compliance with these ratios and then be able to draw amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement at a time when we do not meet these ratios. The terms of the Indentures will permit us to incur future debt that may have substantially the same covenants as, or covenants that are more restrictive than, those of the Indentures. Moreover, some of the debt we may incur in the future could be structurally senior to the Notes or may be secured by collateral that does not secure the Notes and the Guarantees. In addition, the Indentures and the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute debt under those agreements. The incurrence of additional debt would increase the leverage-related risks described in this Offering Memorandum.
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy our debt obligations, including the Notes. Our ability to make payments on and refinance our debt and to fund acquisitions, working capital expenditures and other expenses will depend on our future operating performance and ability to generate cash from operations. Our ability to generate cash from operations is subject, in large part, to general economic, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors and other factors that are beyond our control. Therefore, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt or to fund our future acquisitions or other working capital expenditures. For a discussion of our cash flows and liquidity, see ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources.''
Any inability to comply with the terms of our existing debt and to refinance any existing debt as it comes due and payable or an increase in interest rate levels may have a negative effect on our financial condition.
As of June 30, 2014, after giving effect to the Transactions, including the issuance of the Notes and the use of proceeds herefrom, we had total debt with a carrying amount of e1,452.5 million under our various debt arrangements (excluding the Shareholder Notes). These arrangements require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow to service interest and to make principal repayments. Furthermore, we are subject to certain restrictive covenants under our debt arrangements, which may limit our ability to engage in other transactions or otherwise place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that have less debt. In addition, non-compliance with the terms of our debt arrangements could have a negative effect on our business. The majority of our indebtedness outstanding after the Offering will become due and payable from the second quarter of 2019 and we expect to refinance all or a portion thereof on a timely basis. To the extent we are not able to access the capital or other financing markets on
47

acceptable terms, we may be forced to modify our financing strategy or bear an unattractive additional cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and reduce our financial flexibility. Further, our debt arrangements are subject to floating interest rates and our finance cost will accordingly be affected by an increase in interest rate levels. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We are subject to restrictive debt covenants that may limit our ability to finance our future operations and capital needs and to pursue business opportunities and activities.
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the Indentures and the Intercreditor Agreement will restrict, among other things, our ability to:
· incur or guarantee additional indebtedness and issue certain preferred stock;
· pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock;
· make certain restricted payments (including dividends and distribution with respect to shares of the Issuers) and investments;
· prepay or redeem subordinated debt or equity and, in the case of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, to make payments of interest on or principal of the Senior Notes;
· create or incur certain liens;
· impose restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or other payments to the Company;
· transfer, leave or sell assets;
· merge or consolidate with other entities;
· enter into certain transactions with affiliates;
· impair the security interests in the Collateral; and
· amend certain documents.
All of these limitations will be subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Certain Covenants'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Certain Covenants.'' The covenants to which we are subject could limit our ability to finance our future operations and capital needs and our ability to pursue business opportunities and activities that may be in our interest.
In addition, we will be subject to the affirmative and negative covenants contained in the Revolving Credit Facility. In particular, the Revolving Credit Facility requires us to maintain a specified financial ratio based on the drawn amount of super-senior indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA if, at any time during the most recent financial quarter more than 30% of the Revolving Credit Facility is drawn in the form of loans (including where letters of credit or guarantees issued thereunder have been paid or claimed upon). Our ability to meet this financial ratio can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet them. A breach of any of those covenants, ratios or restrictions could result in an event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility. Upon the occurrence of any event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility, subject to applicable cure periods and other limitations on acceleration or enforcement, the relevant creditors could cancel the availability of the Revolving Credit Facility and elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, together with accrued interest, immediately due and payable. In addition, any default under the Revolving Credit Facility could lead to an event of default and acceleration under other debt instruments that contain cross-default or crossacceleration provisions, including the Indentures. If our creditors, including the creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility, accelerate the payment of those amounts, we cannot assure you that our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries would be sufficient to repay in full those amounts, to satisfy all other liabilities of our subsidiaries which would be due and payable and to make payments to enable the Group to repay the Notes, in full or in part. In addition, if we are unable to repay those amounts, the Group's creditors could proceed against any Collateral granted to them to secure repayment of those amounts.
48

We will require a significant amount of cash to meet our obligations under our indebtedness and to sustain our operations, which we may not be able to generate or raise.
Our ability to make principal or interest payments when due on our indebtedness, including the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility, and to fund our ongoing operations, will depend on our future performance and our ability to generate cash, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, legal, regulatory and other factors discussed in these ``Risk Factors,'' many of which are beyond our control. The Euro Floating Rate Notes and the NOK Floating Rate Notes mature on August 15, 2020, the Euro Fixed Rate Notes mature on August 15, 2021 and the Senior Notes mature on August 15, 2022. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes.'' At the maturity of any of the Notes or any other debt which we may incur, if we do not have sufficient cash flows from operations and other capital resources to pay the Group's debt obligations, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be required to refinance the Group's indebtedness. If we are unable to refinance all or a portion of the Group's indebtedness or obtain such refinancing on terms acceptable to us, we may be forced to sell assets, or raise additional equity financing in amounts that could be substantial. The type, timing and terms of any future financing will depend on our cash needs and the then prevailing conditions in the financial markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to accomplish any of these measures in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, the terms of the Indentures may limit our ability to pursue any of these measures.
We are exposed to market risk due to changes in currency exchange rates, which impact profitability measures and cash flows.
We conduct operations in various countries and, as a result, we are exposed to risks arising from changes in currency exchange rates. Transactions that are to be settled in a currency that is not the functional currency of the transacting entity are recorded to the income statement at each re-measurement date or settlement date. Additionally, assets and liabilities of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the euro are translated into euro at the exchange rate at each balance sheet date. Any cumulative translation difference is recorded within equity.
Our primary net foreign currency translation exposures are SEK:EUR and NOK:EUR. Significant increases in the value of the euro relative to foreign currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Assets and liabilities are converted based on the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, and income statement items are converted based on the average exchange rate during the period.
The Floating Rate Notes, certain local facilities and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at floating rates that could rise significantly, increasing our interest expenses and reducing cash flows.
A substantial part of our indebtedness, including the Floating Rate Notes, certain local facilities and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, will bear interest at per annum rates equal to EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or other reference rates, adjusted periodically, plus a spread. These interest rates could rise significantly in the future, thereby increasing our interest expenses associated with these obligations, reducing cash flow available for capital expenditures and hindering the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes.
Changes in, or uncertainty relating to, any of the EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR calculation processes may adversely affect the value of the Floating Rate Notes.
The Euro Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at interest rates based on EURIBOR. The NOK Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at interest rates based on NIBOR. The SEK Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at interest rates based on STIBOR. Following allegations of manipulation of LIBOR, a different measure of inter-bank lending rates, regulators and law enforcement agencies from a number of governments and the European Union are conducting investigations into whether the banks that contribute data in connection with the calculation of daily EURIBOR may have been manipulating or attempting to manipulate EURIBOR. Actions by EURIBOR-EBF (the association setting the regulatory framework for the calculation of EURIBOR), other regulators or law enforcement agencies could result in changes to the manner in which EURIBOR is determined. Any such change, as well as manipulative practices or the cessation thereof, may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported EURIBOR, which could have an adverse impact on the value of the Euro Floating Rate Notes.
49

Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes may adversely affect the trading market for EURIBOR based securities, including the Euro Floating Rate Notes. Similar risks may be applicable to NIBOR-linked and STIBOR-linked securities and may adversely affect the trading market for NIBORbased and STIBOR-based securities, including the NOK Floating Rate Notes and SEK Floating Rate Notes.
Our hedging agreements may expose us to credit default risks and potential losses if our hedging counterparties fall into bankruptcy.
We are party to certain interest rate swaps and we may enter into additional interest hedging agreements to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, primarily under the Floating Rate Notes. We may also enter into foreign currency hedging arrangements to hedge our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Under any such agreements, we are exposed to credit risks of our counterparties. If one or more of our counterparties falls into bankruptcy, claims we have under the swap agreements or other hedging arrangements may become worthless. In addition, in the event that we refinance our debt or otherwise terminate hedging agreements, we may be required to make termination payments, which would result in a loss.
Recent changes in Norwegian tax law may limit or prevent us from applying tax deductions arising from certain intra group loans.
The Norwegian parliament has passed new rules concerning limitations on interest deductions arising from intercompany loans and certain external loans which could imply limitations on the rights to deduct interest for Norwegian subsidiaries in the Group. The new rules apply as of January 1, 2014.
Under the rules, interest deductions on intercompany loans are limited to 30% of a specifically defined profit (``taxable EBITDA''). The right to deduct interest is however not limited if a company's total net interest costs are lower than NOK 5 million.
Under the interest limitation rules, the intercompany lender (if taxable in Norway) will be taxed for its interest income even though the borrower's right to deduct interest costs will be limited under the rule.
The interest limitation rules also contain provisions under which external loans will be regarded as internal loans in a number of contexts. If, for instance, a parent company has provided a guarantee for the debt, the borrowing company's external loan is to be reclassified as an internal loan subject to the rules concerning limitations on interest deductions.
Risks Related to Our Structure
The Issuers are holding companies with no revenue-generating operations of their own and which will depend on cash from the operating companies of the Group to be able to meet its obligations under the Notes.
The Issuers are holding companies with no business operations other than the equity interests and/or intercompany receivables they hold in their subsidiaries. The Issuers are dependent upon the cash flow from their operating subsidiaries (in the form of dividends, interest payments on intercompany loans or other distributions) which, in turn, may be affected by the factors discussed in these ``Risk Factors,'' to meet their obligations, including their obligations under the Notes. In addition, payments by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or any of its subsidiaries to the Senior Notes Issuer or on or with respect to the Senior Notes will be subject to the covenants limiting restricted payments in the indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes and in the Revolving Credit Facility, as well as the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Issuers have no other source of funds that would allow them to make payments of interest or principal to the holders of the Notes. The amounts of payments, dividends and other distributions the Issuers may obtain from their respective subsidiaries will depend on the profitability and cash flows of their subsidiaries, as well as the ability of those subsidiaries to declare dividends or make other distributions under applicable law and contractual limitations. The subsidiaries of the Issuers, however, may not be able to, or may not be permitted under applicable law to, make distributions, make interest payments on, or otherwise advance upstream loans to the Issuers to make payments in respect of their debt, including the Notes. While the Indentures will limit the ability of the Issuers' subsidiaries to incur consensual restrictions on their ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany payments, these limitations are subject to significant qualifications and exceptions, including exceptions for restrictions imposed by applicable law and, in the case of the Senior Notes, the limitations on restricted
50

payments imposed by the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. In addition, the subsidiaries of the Issuers that do not guarantee the Notes have no obligation to make payments with respect to any of the Notes. Statutory or contractual limitations on the ability to transfer cash among entities within the Group may mean that, even though the Group, as a whole, may have sufficient resources to fund the Issuers' obligations to make payments with respect to the Notes, the Group may not be permitted to make the necessary transfers from one entity into another entity in order to fund the Issuers' obligation to make payments of interest or principal with respect to the Notes.
The interests of the Group's principal shareholders may conflict with your interests.
The interests of the Group's principal shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with your interests as holders of the Notes. As of the Completion Date, Nordic Capital Fund VIII, Altor Funds and Investor will control 95% or more of the Senior Notes Issuer's shares on an aggregate basis. See ``Principal Shareholders.'' As a result, these shareholders will have, directly or indirectly, the power, among other things, to affect the Group's legal and capital structure (including the amount of equity in the Group) and the Group's day-to-day operations, as well as the ability to elect and change the Group's management and to approve any other changes to the Group's operations. For example, these shareholders could choose not to provide any further capital or equity contribution to the Group following the Completion Date. These shareholders may also vote to cause the Group to incur additional indebtedness, to sell certain material assets or make dividends, in each case, so long as the Indentures and the Intercreditor Agreement so permit. The incurrence of additional indebtedness would increase the Group's debt service obligations and the sale of certain assets could reduce the Group's ability to generate revenue, each of which could adversely affect holders of the Notes.
The Notes and the Guarantees will each be structurally subordinated to the liabilities and preference shares (if any) of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries and our consolidated financial information may be of limited use in assessing the financial position of the Guarantors.
Not all of our subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes. Our subsidiaries will not have any obligations to pay amounts due under the Notes or to make funds available for that purpose unless they guarantee the Notes. Generally, claims of creditors of a non-Guarantor subsidiary, including trade creditors, and claims of preference shareholders (if any) of the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent entity, including by holders of the Notes under the Guarantees. In the event of any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization, administration or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding of any of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries, holders of their indebtedness and their trade creditors will generally be entitled to payment of their claims from the assets of those subsidiaries before any assets are made available for distribution to its parent entity. The creditors of the Issuers (including the holders of the Notes) and the Guarantors will have no right to proceed against the assets of such subsidiary. As such, the Notes and each Guarantee will each be structurally subordinated to the creditors (including trade creditors) and preference shareholders (if any) of our non-Guarantor subsidiaries.
Furthermore, our consolidated financial information may be of limited use in assessing the financial position of the Guarantors. The Company and all of the Guarantors (including the Additional Spanish Guarantors Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB) represented approximately e136.3 million or approximately 97% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and approximately e3.9 billion or approximately 111%1 of total net assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. Non-guarantors represented approximately e4.4 million or approximately 3% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and approximately e765,000 or approximately 0% of total net assets. Excluding the Additional Spanish Guarantors, the Company and the Guarantors represented more than 75% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and more than 80% of consolidated assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. As of June 30, 2014, after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, these non-guarantor subsidiaries would have had no debt, excluding shareholder loans and finance lease obligations. Any of the debt that these non-Guarantor subsidiaries incur in the future in accordance with the Indentures will rank structurally senior to the Notes and the Guarantees.
1 As the consolidated financials exclude Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB, but such entities are guarantors, the percentage is greater than 100%.
51

Risks Related to the Notes
Creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain super-priority hedging liabilities are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral) sold in any enforcement procedure in priority to the Notes.
The obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer under the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Secured Notes Guarantees are secured on a first-ranking basis with security interests over Collateral other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral that also secures our obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain super-priority hedging obligations. The obligations of the Senior Notes Issuer and the Senior Notes Guarantees are secured on a second-priority basis with security interests over the Shared Collateral and on a first-priority basis with security interests over the Senior Notes Only Collateral. The Senior Secured Notes Indenture and the Senior Notes Indenture also permit the Collateral to be pledged to secure additional indebtedness in accordance with the terms thereof and the Intercreditor Agreement.
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the liabilities under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain super-priority hedging obligations will have priority over any amounts received from the sale of the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral) pursuant to an enforcement action taken with respect to the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral). As such, in the event of a foreclosure on the Collateral, you may not be able to recover on the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral) if the then outstanding claims under the Revolving Credit Facility and amounts owing in respect of such super-priority hedging obligations are greater than the proceeds realized. Any proceeds from an enforcement sale of the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral) by any creditor will, after all obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and such amount in respect of such super-priority hedging obligations have been discharged from such recoveries, be applied pro rata in repayment of the Senior Secured Notes and any other obligations secured by the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral) on an equal basis with the Senior Secured Notes. The holders of Senior Notes will only receive proceeds from an enforcement sale of the Shared Collateral and the Senior Notes Only Collateral and, in the case of the Shared Collateral, only after the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and such other obligations sharing the Shared Collateral on a first-ranking basis have been discharged in full.
The Intercreditor Agreement will provide that a common security agent, who will also serve as the Security Agent for the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, our hedging obligations and any additional secured debt permitted to be incurred under the Indentures and the Revolving Credit Facility, including the Senior Notes, will act only as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement.
In general, the facility agent under the Revolving Credit Facility and holders of the Senior Secured Notes and any permitted future senior secured debt, voting as provided below, will have, subject to certain restrictions, the ability to provide enforcement instructions to the Security Agent to enforce the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral). The Intercreditor Agreement will provide that, where there is an inconsistency between enforcement instructions provided by the holders of 662/3% of the aggregate of all outstanding liabilities under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging liabilities (the ``Majority Super Senior Creditors'') and the holders of more than 50% of the total ``Senior Secured Credit Participations,'' being the aggregate of the Senior Secured Notes and any other indebtedness sharing the Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral) on a first-ranking basis, the latter instructions will prevail. However, if and to the extent the obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain super-priority hedging liabilities have not been fully discharged within six months of the date on which an initial enforcement notice was received from an Instructing Group (as defined below under ``--Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement'') or no enforcement action has been taken within three months of such date or an insolvency event (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) occurs, the enforcement instructions provided by the Majority Super Senior Creditors will prevail.
The lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain super-priority hedging counterparties may have interests that are different from the interests of holders of the Notes and they may, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, elect to pursue their remedies under the security documents at a time when it would be disadvantageous for the holders of the Notes to do so.
In addition, if the Security Agent sells Collateral comprising the shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or any of its holding companies or subsidiaries as a result of any enforcement action or other distressed disposal in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, claims under the Senior Secured Notes Guarantees or the Senior Notes Guarantees against, and the liens over any other assets of, such
52

entities and any subsidiaries of such entity securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Secured Notes Guarantees may be released. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement'' and ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security--Release of Liens''.
Certain Collateral will not initially secure the Notes.
As of the Issue Date, each series of the Senior Secured Notes will be secured by Senior Secured Notes Issue Date Collateral and the Senior Notes will be secured by the Senior Notes Issue Date Collateral. On the Completion Date, each series of Senior Secured Notes will be secured, subject to agreed security principles, over the Senior Secured Notes Completion Date Collateral and the Senior Notes will be secured subject to agreed security principles by the Senior Notes Completion Date Collateral. Within 90 days of the Completion Date, subject to agreed security principles, the Senior Secured Notes will also be secured by the Senior Secured Notes Post-Completion Date Collateral. In addition, within 10 business days of the Completion Date, subject to agreed security principles, the Senior Secured Notes will also be secured by the 10 Business Day Senior Secured Notes Collateral and, subject to agreed security principles, the Senior Notes will also be secured by the 10 Business Day Senior Notes Collateral. Furthermore, we have agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to grant security over the Additional Spanish Collateral within six months of the Completion Date in respect of our liabilities under the Senior Secured Notes. There can, however, be no assurance that we will be successful in procuring such liens within the time period specified.
The Collateral may not be sufficient to secure the obligations under the Notes.
The Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by security interests in the collateral described in this Offering Memorandum, which, with respect to the Senior Secured Notes Collateral, also secures the obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, certain additional indebtedness and certain hedging obligations and, with respect to the Shared Collateral, the Senior Notes (on a second-priority basis). Upon a refinancing of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, or if the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement consent to an increase of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the amount that will benefit from a first ranking security interest in the Senior Secured Notes Collateral may be increased up to the amount provided under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and the Senior Notes Indenture. The Senior Secured Notes Collateral and Senior Notes Collateral may also secure additional debt ranking pari passu with the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Notes to the extent permitted by the terms of the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Senior Notes Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement. The rights of the holders of the Notes to the Senior Secured Notes Collateral and Senior Notes Collateral may therefore be diluted by any increase in the super-priority debt secured by the Senior Secured Notes Collateral or Senior Notes Collateral or a reduction of the Senior Secured Notes Collateral or Senior Notes Collateral.
The value of the Collateral and the amount to be received upon an enforcement of such Collateral will depend upon many factors, including, among others, the ability to sell the Collateral in an orderly sale, the condition of the economies in which operations are located and the availability of buyers. The book value of the Collateral should not be relied on as a measure of realizable value for such assets. All or a portion of the Collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Likewise, we cannot assure you that there will be a market for the sale of the Collateral, or, if such a market exists, that there will not be a substantial delay in our liquidation. In addition, the share pledges over the shares of an entity may be of no value if that entity is subject to an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding. The Collateral is or will be located in Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden and the multi-jurisdictional nature of any foreclosure on the Collateral may limit the realizable value of the Collateral. For example, the bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative and other laws of the various jurisdictions may be materially different from, or conflict with, each other, including in the areas of rights of creditors, priority of government and other creditors, ability to obtain post-petition interest and duration of the proceedings.
The granting of the security interests in connection with the issuance of the Notes, or the incurrence of permitted debt in the future, may create or restart hardening periods, i.e., the periods of time following the granting of security interests during which such security interests may be challenged in accordance with the laws applicable in certain jurisdictions.
The granting of security interests to secure the Notes and the Guarantees may create hardening periods for such security interests in certain jurisdictions. The granting of shared security interests to secure
53

future indebtedness permitted to be secured on the Collateral may restart or reopen such hardening periods in particular, as the relevant Indenture permits the release and retaking of security granted in favor of the Notes in certain circumstances, including in connection with the incurrence of future indebtedness and the implementation of certain corporate reorganizations. The applicable hardening period for these new security interests can run from the moment each new security interest has been granted or perfected. At each time, if the security interest granted or recreated were to be enforced before the end of the respective hardening period applicable in such jurisdiction, it may be declared void or ineffective and/or it may not be possible to enforce it. Please see ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests.''
The same rights also apply following the issuance of the relevant Notes in connection with the accession of further subsidiaries as additional Guarantors and the granting of security interest over their relevant assets and equity interests for the benefit of noteholders. Please see ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Security''.
It may be difficult to realize the value of the Collateral securing the Notes.
The Collateral securing the Notes will be subject to any and all exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections permitted under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Senior Notes Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement and accepted by other creditors that have the benefit of firstpriority security interests in the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes from time to time, whether on or after the date the Notes are first issued. The existence of any such exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections could adversely affect the value of the Collateral securing the Notes, as well as the ability of the Security Agent to realize or foreclose on such Collateral. Furthermore, the ranking of security interests can be affected by a variety of factors, including, among others, the timely satisfaction of perfection requirements, statutory liens or characterization under the laws of certain jurisdictions.
The security interests granted in favor of the Security Agent will be subject to practical problems generally associated with the realization of security interests in collateral. The Security Agent may also need to obtain the consent of a third party to enforce a security interest. We cannot assure you that the Security Agent will be able to obtain any such contents. We also cannot assure you that the consents of any third parties will be given when required to facilitate a sale of, or foreclosure on, such assets. Accordingly, the Security Agent may not have the ability to sell or foreclose upon those assets, and the value of the Collateral may significantly decrease.
Furthermore, under Swedish law, a pledgee of a security interest in any asset is, when exercising its rights as a secured party or liquidating a secured asset, under a fiduciary duty to protect the interest of the pledgor. This duty includes an obligation to notify the pledgor of any liquidation or sale of the Collateral, to account for the proceeds of such liquidation or sale, and to pay to the pledgor that portion of the proceeds of such liquidation or sale which exceeds the debt secured by such asset. There are provisions in the Swedish Contracts Act which prohibit an enforcing party from foreclosing a secured asset by assuming ownership of the secured asset without accounting for the value thereof.
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantors will have control over certain assets comprising the Collateral, and the operation of the business or the sale of particular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Notes.
The security interests in the Collateral will be granted to the Security Agent rather than directly to the holders of the Notes and certain Collateral will be granted subsequent to the issuance of the Notes. The ability of the Security Agent to enforce certain of the Collateral may be restricted by local law.
The security interests in the Collateral that will secure our obligations under the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantors under the Guarantees will not be granted directly to the holders of the Notes but will be granted only in favor of the Security Agent. The Senior Secured Notes Indenture and the Senior Notes Indenture will each provide (along with the Intercreditor Agreement) that only the Security Agent has the right to enforce the security documents. As a consequence, holders of the Notes will not have direct security interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Notes, except through the Senior Secured Notes Trustee or Senior Notes Trustee, who will (subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture or
54

the Senior Notes Indenture) provide instructions to the Security Agent in respect of the relevant Collateral.
The granting of security interests in favor of a foreign security agent (acting for and on behalf of thirdparty beneficiaries) may further be restricted by local law.
The rights to enforce remedies with respect to the Shared Collateral securing the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes Guarantees are limited as long as any super senior or senior secured debt is outstanding.
The security interests in certain of the Collateral securing the Senior Notes and each Senior Notes Guarantee will rank behind the first-priority security interests in such Collateral in favor of creditors in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Secured Notes, any indebtedness which is permitted under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Senior Secured Notes Indenture to be incurred and secured by the Collateral and which is permitted to rank pari passu with the Senior Secured Notes (``Senior Debt'') and any indebtedness in favor of institutions with whom we enter into certain hedging arrangements (the liabilities owing to such creditors being ``Senior Secured Liabilities''). The Intercreditor Agreement provides that a common security agent will serve as the Security Agent for the secured parties under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Secured Notes, any Senior Debt, certain hedging arrangements and, in respect of the Senior Notes Collateral only, the Senior Notes and will (subject to certain limited exceptions) act with respect to such Collateral only at the direction of the relevant Instructing Group until amounts outstanding in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Debt and certain hedging arrangements are paid in full and discharged. Until the expiration of a standstill period on enforcement of such security on behalf of holders of the Senior Notes, the creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Secured Notes, any Senior Debt and institutions who are counterparties to certain of our hedging arrangements will have (subject to certain exceptions) the right to make all decisions with respect to the enforcement of remedies relating to such Senior Secured Notes Collateral. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness-- Intercreditor Agreement''.
As a result, the holders of the Senior Notes will not be able to instruct the Security Agent to pursue the remedies of a secured creditor under the security documents in respect of the Shared Collateral or force a sale of Shared Collateral unless permitted to do so under certain exceptions set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. In addition, in the circumstances in which the holders of the Senior Notes would be entitled to issue enforcement instructions to the Security Agent with respect to the Senior Notes Guarantees or the Shared Collateral, (1) creditors in respect of indebtedness which ranks senior to the Senior Notes have the right to issue enforcement instructions in lieu of the enforcement instructions issued by the holders of the Senior Notes prior to or following the issuance of such instructions (if such creditors are permitted to issue such instructions but have not done so) and (2) no such enforcement action with respect to the Senior Notes Guarantees or the Shared Collateral may be taken if the Security Agent, acting in accordance with the instructions of an Instructing Group, is taking steps for enforcement and such enforcement action in relation to the Senior Notes Guarantees or the Shared Collateral might reasonably be likely to adversely affect such enforcement by the Security Agent or the amount of the proceeds derived therefrom.
The creditors in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, any Senior Debt, the institutions who are counterparties to our secured hedging arrangements and the holders of the Senior Secured Notes may have interests that are different from the interests of holders of the Senior Notes, and they may elect to pursue their remedies in respect of the Senior Secured Notes Collateral at a time when it would be disadvantageous for the holders of the Senior Notes to do so. This may affect the ability of holders of the Senior Notes to recover under the Shared Collateral if the proceeds from the Shared Collateral, after having satisfied obligations owed to the Security Agent, any receiver, certain creditor representatives and under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, any Senior Debt, certain of our hedging arrangements and the Senior Secured Notes, are less than the aggregate amount outstanding under the Senior Notes.
In addition, if the creditors in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, certain hedging arrangements, any Senior Debt and/or the holders of the Senior Secured Notes direct the sale of the shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or the shares of another Group company through an enforcement of their firstpriority security interest or at a time when the security interests in the relevant Collateral have become enforceable in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Notes Guarantees
55

and the liens over any other assets securing the Senior Notes and each Senior Notes Guarantee may be released. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Security--Release of Liens''.
We may also issue further indebtedness which will be entitled to rank pari passu with or senior to the Senior Notes in right and priority of payment and which will be entitled to share in the relevant Collateral with the Senior Notes on a pari passu or senior-ranking basis. In the event that any such debt is issued, your creditor voting rights will be diluted proportionately to the amount of debt incurred.
The Senior Notes Guarantees will be subordinated to our existing and future super senior debt and senior secured debt.
The Senior Notes Guarantees will be the senior subordinated obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the other Guarantors (other than the Senior Notes Issuer) and:
· will rank pari passu in right of payment with any existing and future senior subordinated indebtedness of such Guarantors;
· will be subordinated in right of payment to all existing and future indebtedness or obligation of such Guarantor ranking senior to the Senior Notes, including each such Guarantor's obligations under, or guarantee of obligations under, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, certain hedging obligations and the Senior Secured Notes;
· will be subordinated in relation to the proceeds of any enforcement of any Collateral shared with any indebtedness ranking senior to the Senior Notes to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness or other obligations; and
· will be effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness and other secured obligations of each Guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness or other obligations if such assets secure the Senior Notes on a junior basis or do not secure the Senior Notes.
In addition, no enforcement action with respect to the Senior Notes Guarantees (or any future guarantee of the Senior Notes, if any) may be taken until an event of default on the Senior Notes remains outstanding, a notice of the occurrence of such event of default (a ``Default Notice'') has been served on the creditor representatives with respect to the Senior Secured Liabilities and the lapse of a standstill period beginning on the date on which such Default Notice is served and ending on the earlier of (subject to certain limited exceptions): (i) any enforcement action being taken with respect to debt of a member of the Group ranking senior to the Senior Notes (provided the Senior Notes Trustee and holders of the Senior Notes will be limited to taking the same action against the same member of the Group in relation to the Senior Notes Guarantees); (ii) the occurrence of an insolvency event with respect to any Senior Notes Guarantor against whom enforcement action is being taken; (iii) after the expiry of a period of 179 days from the date the Default Notice is served; (iv) the expiry of any other standstill period that was outstanding as at the date the relevant Default Notice was served (other than as a result of a cure, waiver or other permitted remedy); (v) the date on which the consent of each of the creditor representatives with respect to the Senior Secured Liabilities has been obtained; or (vi) a default has occurred resulting from a failure to pay principal on the Senior Notes or any indebtedness ranking pari passu with the Senior Notes which is entitled to share in the Shared Collateral with the Senior Notes on a pari passu basis, as the case may be, at maturity. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.''
Upon any distribution to the creditors of a Senior Notes Guarantor in a liquidation, administration, bankruptcy, moratorium of payments, dissolution or other winding-up of such Senior Notes Guarantor, the holders of indebtedness of such Senior Notes Guarantor ranking senior to the Senior Notes will be entitled to be paid in full before any payment may be made with respect to that Senior Notes Guarantor's Senior Notes Guarantee. As a result, holders of the Senior Notes may receive less, ratably, than the holders of debt of the Senior Notes Guarantors ranking senior to the Senior Notes, including the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, certain hedge counterparties, holders of the Senior Secured Notes and other indebtedness that is allowed to rank pari passu with them. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.''
56

The Intercreditor Agreement provides that in certain circumstances payments in respect of the Senior Notes may be blocked.
The Intercreditor Agreement contains significant restrictions with respect to payments of the Senior Notes. Subject to certain limitations, if there is a payment default under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, Senior Debt documents or the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, or if a senior payment stop notice is issued following a non-payment event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, Senior Debt documents or the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, then payments under the Senior Notes Guarantees will not be permitted to be made in respect of the Senior Notes unless the payment is funded directly or indirectly with amounts which have not been received by a Senior Secured Notes Guarantor from another member of the group. In some circumstances, for instance where payments were received on the Senior Notes in breach of the Intercreditor Agreement, holders would be required to turn over such payments to the Security Agent for redistribution. In addition, although the holders of the Senior Notes are generally entitled to enforce their claims against the Senior Notes Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Indentures, nevertheless the Intercreditor Agreement places limits on enforcement to the extent it would prejudice the enforcement by senior creditors of their security granted by the Senior Notes Issuer. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.''
Claims of our super senior and senior secured creditors will have priority with respect to their security over the Shared Collateral over the claims of Senior Note holders, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness.
Claims of our super senior and senior secured creditors will have priority with respect to the assets securing their indebtedness over the claims of holders of the Senior Notes. As such, each Senior Notes Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness ranking senior to the Senior Notes (including obligations with respect to the Senior Secured Liabilities) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In the event of any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization, administration or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding of any Senior Notes Guarantor that has secured obligations, holders of super senior and senior secured indebtedness will have prior claims to the assets of the relevant Senior Notes Guarantor that constitute their Collateral. Subject to the limitations referred to under the caption ``Risks Related to Our Structure,'' each Guarantee will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability and the holders of the Senior Notes will participate ratably with all holders of the unsecured indebtedness of the relevant Guarantor (other than indebtedness to which the Senior Notes Guarantees have been expressly subordinated) to the extent that the Senior Notes are not repaid in full from the proceeds of an enforcement of the Collateral, and potentially with all of their other general creditors, based upon the respective amounts owed to each holder or creditor, in the remaining assets of the relevant Guarantor. In the event that any of the super senior or senior secured indebtedness of the relevant Guarantor becomes due or the creditors in respect thereof commence enforcement proceedings against Collateral that secures such indebtedness, the collateral remaining after repayment of that secured indebtedness may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing in respect of the relevant Senior Notes Guarantee. As a result, holders of Senior Notes may receive less, ratably, than holders of super senior and senior secured indebtedness of the relevant Guarantor.
As of June 30, 2014, on a pro forma basis to reflect the Transactions, we had an aggregate principal amount of e1,002.1 million of secured financial liabilities secured by liens on assets that do not secure the Senior Notes and liens which rank in priority to the liens securing the Senior Notes, and up to e225 million was available for additional borrowings under the committed Revolving Credit Facility. We may also issue further indebtedness which will be entitled to rank pari passu with or senior to the Senior Notes in right and priority of payment and which will be entitled to share in the Shared Collateral with the Senior Notes, the Senior Secured Notes, the Revolving Credit Facility and the Senior Debt on a pari passu or senior-ranking basis. In the event that any such debt is further issued, your creditor voting rights will be diluted proportionately to the amount of indebtedness incurred which will be entitled to rank pari passu with the Senior Notes.
The ability of holders of Senior Notes to recover under the pledge of the shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and other security interests may be limited.
The obligations under the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes Guarantees will be secured by security interests granted on a second-priority basis over the Shared Collateral and on a first-priority basis with
57

security interests over the Senior Notes Only Collateral. First-priority security interests over the Shared Collateral will be granted for the benefit of creditors in respect of Senior Secured Liabilities (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement). Holders of the Senior Notes may not be able to recover on the shares and other Shared Collateral that are also pledged or assigned as security for the Senior Secured Liabilities (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) because the creditors in respect thereof will have a prior claim on all proceeds realized from any enforcement of such pledges and other Senior Notes Collateral (other than the Senior Notes Only Collateral) and any distressed disposal with respect to such Shared Collateral, and the Senior Notes will need to share any remaining proceeds from such enforcement with any other secured creditor ranking pari passu with the Senior Notes. If the proceeds realized from the enforcement of such pledges or such sale or sales exceed the Senior Secured Liabilities (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), any excess amount of such proceeds will be paid to the Senior Notes Trustee on behalf of itself and the holders of the Senior Notes and any other secured creditor ranking pari passu with the Senior Notes, pro rata. If there are no excess proceeds, or if the amount of such excess proceeds is less than the aggregate amount of the obligations under the Senior Notes, the holders of Senior Notes will not fully recover (if at all) under such Shared Collateral.
In addition, the Senior Notes Collateral may not be liquid, and its value to other parties may be less than its value to us. Likewise, we cannot assure you that there will be a market for the pledged shares or other Senior Notes Collateral or that, if such market does exist, there will not be substantial delays in their liquidation. The shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or Senior Notes Issuer may also have limited value in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding in relation to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or Senior Notes Issuer because all of the obligations of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer (subject to the release mechanism in the Intercreditor Agreement) (including the Senior Notes Guarantees) must be satisfied prior to distribution to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's or Senior Notes Issuer's equity holders. As a result, the holders of the Senior Notes may not recover anything of value in the case of an enforcement sale of shares pledged in the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or Senior Notes Issuer. In addition, the value of this Senior Notes Collateral may fluctuate over time.
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Notes Trustee and holders of the Senior Notes will (subject to certain limited exceptions) not be able to force a sale of the Shared Collateral securing the Senior Notes or otherwise independently pursue the remedies of a secured creditor under the security documents relating to such Shared Collateral for so long as any Senior Secured Liabilities remain outstanding and, if the creditors in respect of the Senior Secured Liabilities enforce their security, they will have priority over the holders of the Senior Notes with respect to the proceeds from this Shared Collateral. See ``Risk Factors--The rights to enforce remedies with respect to the Shared Collateral securing the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes Guarantees are limited as long as any super senior debt is outstanding.'' As such, holders of the Senior Notes may not be able to recover on the Shared Collateral if the claims of the creditors in respect of the Senior Secured Liabilities are greater than the proceeds realized from any enforcement of the Shared Collateral. In addition, if the requisite majority of creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations or the Senior Secured Notes Trustee (as instructed by the requisite majority under the Senior Secured Notes), the requisite majority of creditors under any Senior Debt and certain hedging obligations, (as applicable) direct the sale of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer's shares through an enforcement of their first-priority security interest in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, the second-priority security interest over such shares securing the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes Guarantees may (subject to certain conditions) be automatically released. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Security--Release of Liens.''
If the Notes are redeemed early, an investor may not be able to reinvest such proceeds in a comparable security.
In the event that the Notes are redeemed early in accordance with ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Optional Redemption'' and depending on prevailing market conditions at the time, an investor who receives proceeds due to such an early redemption may not be able to reinvest such proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that carried by the Notes.
58

The transfer of the Notes is restricted, which may adversely affect their liquidity and the price at which they may be sold.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been registered under, and we are not obliged to register the Notes or the Guarantees under, the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and any other applicable laws. See ``Transfer Retrictions.'' We have not agreed to or otherwise undertaken to register any of the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Notes or the Guarantees, and do not have any intention to do so.
The Notes will initially be held in book-entry form, and therefore you must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing systems to exercise any rights and remedies.
Unless and until Notes in definitive registered form, or definitive registered notes are issued in exchange for book-entry interests (which may occur only in very limited circumstances), owners of book-entry interests will not be considered owners or holders of Notes. The common depository (or its nominee) for Euroclear and Clearstream, with respect to the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes, or VPS, with respect to the NOK Floating Rate Notes, will be the sole registered holder of the global notes. Payments of principal, interest and other amounts owing on or in respect of the relevant global notes representing the Notes will be made to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch or Nordea Bank Norge ASA, as paying agents, which will make payments to Euroclear and Clearstream and VPS, respectively. Thereafter, these payments will be credited to participants' accounts that hold book-entry interests in the global notes representing the applicable Notes and credited by such participants to indirect participants. After payment by the applicable paying agent to Euroclear and Clearstream or VPS, we will have no responsibility or liability for the payment of interest, principal or other amounts to the owners of book-entry interests. Accordingly, if you own a book-entry interest in the relevant Notes, you must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream or VPS and if you are not a participant in Euroclear and/or Clearstream or VPS, on the procedures of the participant through which you own your interest, to exercise any rights and obligations of a holder of the relevant Notes under the relevant Indenture.
Unlike the holders of the Notes themselves, owners of book-entry interests will not have any direct rights to act upon any solicitations for consents, requests for waivers or other actions from holders of the Notes. Instead, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be permitted to act only to the extent you have received appropriate proxies to do so from Euroclear and Clearstream or VPS or, if applicable, from a participant. There can be no assurance that procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient to enable you to vote on any matters or on a timely basis.
Similarly, upon the occurrence of an event of default under an Indenture, unless and until the relevant definitive registered Notes are issued in respect of all book-entry interests, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be restricted to acting through Euroclear and Clearstream or VPS. We cannot assure you that the procedures to be implemented through Euroclear and Clearstream or VPS will be adequate to ensure the timely exercise of rights under the Notes.
There may not be an active trading market for the Notes, in which case your ability to sell the Notes may be limited.
We cannot assure you as to:
· the liquidity of any market in the Notes;
· your ability to sell your Notes; or
· the prices at which you would be able to sell your Notes.
Future trading prices for the Notes will depend on many factors, including, among other things, prevailing interest rates, our operating results and the market for similar securities. Historically, the market for non-investment grade securities has been subject to disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in the prices of securities similar to the Notes. The liquidity of a trading market for the Notes may be adversely affected by a general decline in the market for similar securities and is subject to disruptions that may cause volatility in prices. The trading market for the Notes may attract different investors and this may affect the extent to which the Notes may trade. It is possible that the market for the Notes will be subject to disruptions. Any such disruption may have a negative effect on you, as a holder of the Notes, regardless of
59

our prospects and financial performance. As a result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for either the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Notes. If no active trading market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all.
Although an application has been made for each of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market, we cannot assure you that either the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Notes will become or remain listed. Although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of either the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Notes as a result of the admission to trading on the Global Exchange Market, failure to be approved for listing or the delisting (whether or not for an alternative admission to listing on another stock exchange) of the relevant Notes, as applicable, from the Irish Stock Exchange may have a material effect on a holder's ability to resell the relevant Notes, as applicable, in the secondary market.
In addition, each Indenture will allow us to issue additional notes in the future which could adversely impact the liquidity of the relevant Notes.
Risks Related to Our Structure
Each of the Issuers is a holding company dependent upon cash flow from subsidiaries to meet its obligations on the Notes and the Guarantees.
Each of the Issuers is a holding company with no independent business operations or significant assets other than investments in their subsidiaries. Each of these holding companies depends upon the receipt of sufficient funds from its subsidiaries to meet its obligations. We intend to provide funds to the Issuers in order to meet the obligations on the Notes through a combination of dividends and interest payments on intercompany loans. The obligations under intercompany loans will be junior obligations and will be subordinated in right of payment to all existing and future senior and senior subordinated indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, including obligations under, or guarantees of obligations under, the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes.
The amounts of dividends and distributions available to the Issuers will depend on the profitability and cash flow of its subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to issue dividends under applicable law. The subsidiaries of the Issuers, however, may not be able to, or may not be permitted under applicable law to, make distributions or advance upstream loans to the applicable Issuer to make payments in respect of their indebtedness, including the Notes and the Guarantees. Various agreements governing our debt may restrict, and in some cases, may actually prevent the ability of the subsidiaries to move cash within their restricted group. Such restrictions include those created by the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, which limits payments of principal on the Notes prior to their stated maturity. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Revolving Credit Facility Agreement'' and ``--Intercreditor Agreement.'' Applicable tax laws may also subject such payments to further taxation. Applicable law may also limit the amounts that some of our subsidiaries will be permitted to pay as dividends or distributions on their equity interests, or even prevent such payments.
The inability to transfer cash among entities within their respective consolidated groups may mean that, even though the entities, in aggregate, may have sufficient resources to meet their obligations, they may not be permitted to make the necessary transfers from one entity in their restricted group to another entity in their restricted group in order to make payments to the entity owing the obligations.
There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge of the Notes under which the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees will be released automatically and under which the Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent of the relevant Trustee.
Under various circumstances, the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees will be released automatically, including sales to third parties in connection with the establishment of a qualified receivables financing. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security--Release of Liens'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Security--Release of Liens.''
Even though under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement the holders of the Senior Secured Notes share in the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes ratably with the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, under certain circumstances, the creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and certain of our hedging arrangements will control enforcement actions with respect to the Collateral through the Security Agent, whether or not the holders of the Senior Secured Notes agree or disagree with those actions. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security--Enforcement of Security Interests.''
60

Under various circumstances, the Guarantees will be released automatically, including sales to third parties and in connection with certain corporate reorganizations. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--The Guarantees--Guarantee Releases'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--The Guarantees--Guarantees Releases.''
In addition, the Guarantees and security interests will be subject to release upon a distressed disposal as contemplated under the Intercreditor Agreement. However, the Intercreditor Agreement provides that the Security Agent shall not, in an enforcement scenario, exercise its rights to release or dispose of the claims of the Senior Notes holders against the Senior Notes Guarantors and security over the shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer unless the relevant sale or disposal is made:
· with the prior consent of the Senior Notes Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Senior Notes holders in accordance with the Senior Notes Indenture) and the creditor representative of any other indebtedness that is allowed to rank pari passu under the Senior Notes (acting on the instructions of the required percentage of creditors in respect of which it is the credit representative); or
· for consideration all or substantially all of which is in the form of cash; and
· concurrently with the unconditional discharge or release of the indebtedness of the disposed entities to certain other creditors, including the creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and holders of the Senior Secured Notes unless the senior agents determine that Senior Secured Note holders and other senior secured creditors will recover a greater amount if such indebtedness is sold or otherwise transferred to the purchaser or its affiliates; and
· pursuant to a public auction, or (if not by way of public auction) following the issue of a fairness opinion with respect to the amount received in connection with such sale from an internationally recognized investment bank or KPMG, Deloitte & Touche, Ernst & Young or PricewaterhouseCoopers selected by the Security Agent.
See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement''; ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes.''
The Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Notes and each of the Guarantees will each be structurally subordinated to the liabilities and preference shares (if any) of our non-guarantor subsidiaries.
Generally, claims of creditors of a non-guarantor subsidiary, including trade creditors, and claims of preference shareholders (if any) of the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent entity, including claims by holders of the Notes under the Guarantees. In the event of any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization, administration or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding of any of our non-guarantor subsidiaries, holders of their indebtedness and their trade creditors will generally be entitled to payment of their claims from the assets of those subsidiaries before any assets are made available for distribution to its parent entity. As such, the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Notes and each Guarantee will each be structurally subordinated to the creditors (including trade creditors) and preference shareholders (if any) of our non-guarantor subsidiaries.
Your rights in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the Collateral.
Under certain applicable law, a security interest in certain tangible and intangible assets can only be properly perfected, and its priority retained, through certain actions undertaken by the secured party and/or the grantor of the security. The security interests in the Collateral securing the Notes may not be perfected with respect to the claims of the Notes if we fail or are unable to take the actions required to perfect any of these security interests. Furthermore, neither the Trustee nor the Security Agent shall have any obligation to take any steps or action to perfect any such security interest. In addition, certain applicable law requires that certain property and rights acquired after the grant of a general security interest, such as real property, equipment subject to a certificate and certain proceeds, can only be perfected at or promptly following the time such property and rights are acquired and identified. Absent perfection, the Security Agent, on behalf of the holders of the Notes, may have difficulty enforcing or be entirely unable to enforce rights in the Collateral in competition with third parties, including a trustee in bankruptcy and other creditors who claim a security interest in the same Collateral.
61

Under Swedish law, a security interest over an asset can only be validly perfected if the grantor is deprived of its right to control and deal with the asset. For example, under the security over the bank account, the security grantor will be allowed to deal with the account and receive or retain the funds standing to the credit of such account until the occurrence of a triggering event, and therefore security over the account will not be perfected until the triggering event has occurred and a perfection notice has been given to and acknowledged by the relevant account bank and the security grantor no longer can dispose of the account. To the extent security granted by a Swedish company is granted and/or perfected later than on the date of the issuance of the Notes, the holders of the Notes will face a greater risk that such security would be subject to clawback in the event of the bankruptcy of the Swedish security provider. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests--Sweden''.
Each Guarantee and security interest will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability.
Each Guarantee will provide the relevant holders of the Notes with a direct claim against the relevant Guarantor. In addition (x) the Senior Notes Issuer and Lock Upper Holding AS will secure the payment of the Senior Notes and (y) the Senior Notes Issuer, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the other Guarantors will secure the payment of the Senior Secured Notes, in each case by granting security under the relevant security documents. However, each security interest granted under a security document will be limited in scope to the value of the relevant assets expressed to be subject to that security interest and each Indenture will provide that each Guarantee will be limited to the maximum amount that can be guaranteed by the relevant Guarantor, without rendering the relevant Guarantee/ security interest voidable or otherwise ineffective under Danish, Finnish, German, Dutch, Norwegian, Spanish, and Swedish or other applicable law or without resulting in a breach of any applicable law, and enforcement of each Guarantee/security document would be subject to certain generally available defenses. These laws and defenses include those that relate to corporate benefit, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate purpose, capital maintenance or similar laws, regulations or defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally.
Although laws differ among various jurisdictions, in general, under fraudulent conveyance and other laws, guarantees and security interests can be challenged (by the bankruptcy receiver or trustee, in case of bankruptcy of the relevant Guarantor, or by any of the creditors of such Guarantor outside bankruptcy), and a court could declare unenforceable against third parties (including the beneficiaries thereof) and/or void, any legal act performed by a Guarantor (including, without limitation, the granting by it of the Guarantees or the security interests granted under the security documents see ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'') and, if payment had already been made under a Guarantee or enforcement proceeds applied under a security document, require that the recipient (and possibly, subsequent transferees thereof) return the payment to the relevant Guarantor, if the court found, inter alia, that:
· the amount paid or payable under the relevant Guarantee or the enforcement proceeds under the relevant security document was in excess of the maximum amount permitted under applicable law;
· the relevant Guarantee or security interest under a security document was incurred with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud creditors or shareholders of the Guarantor or, in certain jurisdictions, even when the recipient was simply aware that the Guarantor was insolvent when it granted the relevant Guarantee or security interest;
· the Guarantor did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value for granting the relevant Guarantee/security interests and the Guarantor was: (i) insolvent or rendered insolvent because of the relevant Guarantee/security interest; (ii) undercapitalized or became undercapitalized because of the relevant Guarantee/security document; or (iii) intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, indebtedness beyond its ability to pay at maturity; and/or
· the relevant Guarantees/security documents were held to exceed the corporate objects of the Guarantor or not to be in the best interests or for the corporate benefit of the Guarantor or security provider.
The payment of dividends to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the Senior Notes Issuer will reduce the distributable profits and reserves available to satisfy the obligations under the Guarantees and
62

security documents. There can be no assurances that we will have distributable profits and reserves available to satisfy the obligations under the Guarantees and security documents, whether or not we make dividends. In addition, the payment under the Guarantees and the enforcement of security interests under the relevant security documents may require certain prior corporate formalities to be completed, including, but not limited to, obtaining an audit report, shareholders' resolutions and board resolutions. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests''.
Enforcement of the collateral across multiple jurisdictions may be difficult.
The Collateral will be governed by the laws of multiple jurisdictions. In the event of bankruptcy, insolvency or a similar event, proceedings could be initiated in any of these jurisdictions. The rights under the Collateral will thus be subject to the laws of the respective jurisdiction, and it may be difficult to effectively enforce such rights in multiple bankruptcies, insolvency and other similar proceedings. Moreover, such multi-jurisdictional proceedings are typically complex and costly for creditors and often result in substantial uncertainty and delay in the enforcement of creditors' rights. The application of these various laws in multiple jurisdictions could trigger disputes over which jurisdictions' law should apply and could adversely affect the ability to enforce the security and to realize any recovery under the Notes and the Guarantees. A summary description of certain aspects of the insolvency laws of Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden and certain jurisdictions where the providers of collateral are organized or have their center of main activities are set out in ``Certain Insolvency Law Considerations and Limitations on the Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests.''
The insolvency laws of Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and other jurisdictions may not be as favorable to you as the US bankruptcy laws and may preclude holders of the Notes from recovering payments due on the Notes.
The Issuers are incorporated under the laws of Norway and the Guarantors (other than the Issuers) are incorporated under the laws of Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden. In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event, proceedings could be initiated in Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden or other relevant jurisdiction. The bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative and other laws of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' jurisdictions of organization or incorporation may be materially different from, or in conflict with, each other and those of the United States, including in the areas of rights of creditors, priority of governmental and other creditors, ability to obtain post-petition interest and duration of the proceeding. The application of these laws, or any conflict among them, could call into question whether any particular jurisdiction's law should apply, adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights under the Notes and the Guarantees in those jurisdictions or limit any amounts that you may receive. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' with respect to the jurisdictions mentioned above.
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by each Indenture.
Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a ``change of control'', the Senior Secured Notes Issuer would be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes Issuer will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding Senior Notes, in each case, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. If a change of control were to occur, we cannot assure you that we would have sufficient funds available at such time, or that we would have sufficient funds to provide to the relevant Issuer to pay the purchase price of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Notes or that the restrictions in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Senior Notes Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement or our other existing contractual obligations would allow us to make such required repurchases. A change of control may result in an event of default under, acceleration of, or an obligation to mandatorily prepay the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and/or other indebtedness. The repurchase of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes pursuant to such an offer could cause a default under such indebtedness, even if the change of control itself does not. The ability of either the Senior Notes Issuer and the Senior Secured Notes Issuer to receive cash from its subsidiaries to allow them to pay cash to the holders of the Senior
63

Notes or the Senior Secured Notes, respectively, following the occurrence of a change of control, may be limited by our then existing financial resources. If an event constituting a change of control occurs at a time when we are prohibited from providing funds to any of the Issuers for the purpose of repurchasing the Notes, we may seek the consent of the lenders under such indebtedness to the purchase of the Notes or may attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain such prohibition. If such a consent to repay such borrowings is not obtained, the Issuers will remain prohibited from repurchasing any Notes. In addition, we expect that we would require third-party financing to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes, upon a change of control. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such financing. Any failure by the relevant Issuer to offer to purchase the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Notes, as applicable, would constitute a default under each of the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and the Senior Notes Indenture, respectively, which would, in turn, constitute a default under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and certain other indebtedness. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Change of Control'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Change of Control.''
In certain circumstances, a Change of Control Offer will not be required to be made.
The change of control provision contained in the Indentures may not necessarily afford you protection in the event of certain important corporate events, including a reorganization, restructuring, merger or other similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect you, because such corporate events may not involve a shift in voting power or beneficial ownership or, even if they do, may not constitute a ``Change of Control'' as defined in the relevant Indenture. Except as described under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Change of Control'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Change of Control,'' each Indenture will not contain provisions that would require the relevant Issuer to offer to repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a reorganization, restructuring, merger, recapitalization or similar transaction.
The definition of ``Change of Control'' in each Indenture will include a disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the applicable Issuer and its restricted subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ``all or substantially all'', there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances, there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of the applicable Issuer's assets and its restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a change of control has occurred and whether the Issuers are required to make an offer to repurchase the relevant Notes.
Investors may face foreign exchange risks by investing in the Notes.
The Euro Floating Rate Notes, Euro Fixed Rate Notes and Euro Senior Notes will be denominated and payable in euro. The NOK Floating Rate Notes will be denominated and payable in NOK. The SEK Floating Rate Notes will be denominated and payable in SEK. If investors measure their investment returns by reference to a currency other than euro, NOK or SEK, as applicable, an investment in the Notes will entail foreign exchange-related risks due to, among other factors, possible significant changes in the values of the euro, NOK or SEK, as applicable relative to the currency by reference to which investors measure the return on their investments because of economic, political and other factors over which we have no control. Depreciation of the euro, NOK or SEK, as applicable against the currency by reference to which investors measure the return on their investments could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Notes below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss to investors when the return on the Notes is translated into the currency by reference to which the investors measure the return on their investments. Investments in the Notes denominated in a currency other than US dollars by US investors may also have important tax consequences as a result of foreign exchange gains or losses, if any. See ``Tax Considerations--Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.''
Transfer of the Notes will be restricted, which may adversely affect the value of the Notes.
Because the Notes have not been, and are not required to be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, they may not be offered or sold except to QIBs as defined under Rule 144A that are also QPs as defined in the Investment Company Act or pursuant to another exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and all other applicable laws. These restrictions may limit your ability to resell the Notes. It is your obligation to ensure that your offers and sales of the Notes within the United States and other countries
64

comply with applicable securities laws. See ``Transfer Restrictions'' for further information on these restrictions.
You may not be able to recover in civil proceedings for US securities law violations.
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries are organized outside the United States, and our business is conducted entirely outside the United States. Following the Completion Date, we expect the directors, managers and/or executive officers of the Issuers and the Guarantors to be non-residents of the United States, and substantially all of their assets will be located outside the United States. Although we and the Guarantors will submit to the jurisdiction of certain New York courts in connection with any action under US securities laws, you may be unable to effect service of process within the United States on these directors, managers and executive officers. In addition, as the majority of the assets of the Issuers and the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries and those of their directors and executive officers are located outside of the United States, you may be unable to enforce judgments obtained in the US courts against them. Moreover, in light of recent decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court, actions of the Issuers and the Guarantors may not be subject to the provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. The United States is not currently bound by a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitral awards, rendered in civil and commercial matters with Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden. There is, therefore, doubt as to the enforceability in Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden of U.S. securities laws in an action to enforce a U.S. judgment in such jurisdictions. In addition, the enforcement in Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden of any judgment obtained in a U.S. court, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws, will be subject to certain conditions. There is also doubt that a court in Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden would have the requisite power or authority to grant remedies sought in an original action brought in such jurisdictions on the basis of U.S. securities laws violations. See ``Enforcement of Foreign Judgments and Service of Process.''
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, are not recommendations to buy or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of our financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes.
Risks Related to the Transactions
The Acquisition is subject to uncertainties and risks.
On July 18, 2014, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer entered into the Acquisition Agreement with the Sellers in order to acquire all of the shares in the Target Companies. The completion of the Acquisition pursuant to the terms of the Acquisition Agreement promptly following the escrow release, is one of the conditions to release of the gross proceeds of the Notes from escrow. The completion of the Acquisition pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement is itself subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent relating to the receipt of approvals from the applicable regulatory authorities of the European Union Commission, Norway and the Russian Federation. We will not consummate the Acquisition until the completion of the merger clearance process and the receipt of approval from the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority. While we expect this to occur in October 2014, it may, in some circumstances, occur significantly later. If the Acquisition is not completed for any reason on or prior to February 10, 2015 and, as a result, the proceeds from the sale of the Notes to be held in escrow are not released, each of the Issuers will be required to redeem the Notes pursuant to the terms of the special mandatory redemption provided under the relevant Indenture, and you may not obtain the investment return you expect on the Notes. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special
65

Mandatory Redemption'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption.''
Furthermore, we currently expect to take certain steps to amend our group structure following the Completion Date. Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB are expected to merge following the Completion Date. Additionally, Indif AB and Lindorff AB are expected to merge following the Completion Date. However, we have no obligation to pursue such restructuring steps under the Indentures. Following the consummation of the Acquisition, we may decide not to take these actions, or we may decide to make other changes to our group structure which are permitted under the terms of the Indentures, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement.
The Issuers do not currently control the Target Group and will not control the Target Group until completion of the Acquisition.
The Target Group is currently controlled by the Sellers. The Issuers will not obtain control of the Target Group until completion of the Acquisition. We cannot assure you that following the Completion Date, the Issuers will operate the business in the same way that the Sellers have operated the business in the past. The historical and forward-looking information relating to the Company in this Offering Memorandum have been provided to the Issuers by the Target Group's management, and the Issuers have relied on such information in its preparation. Further, the Transactions themselves have required, and will likely continue to require, substantial amounts of management's time and focus, which could adversely affect their ability to operate the business. Likewise, other employees may be uncomfortable with the Transactions or feel otherwise affected by it, which could have an impact on work quality and retention.
In addition, prior to the Completion Date, the Target Group will not be subject to the covenants described in ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes,'' which are to be included in the respective Indentures. As such, we cannot assure you that, prior to such date, the Target Group will not take an action that would otherwise have been prohibited by the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and/or the Senior Notes Indenture had those covenants been applicable to those entities.
If the conditions to the escrow are not satisfied, the Issuers will be required to redeem the Notes, which means that you may not obtain the return you expect on the Notes.
The gross proceeds from the Offering of the Notes will be held in segregated escrow accounts pending the satisfaction of certain conditions, some of which are outside of our control. If the consummation of the Acquisition does not occur on or before February 10, 2015, or upon the occurrence of certain other events, the Notes will be subject to a special mandatory redemption as described in ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'' and you may not obtain the return you expect to receive on the Notes.
Your decision to invest in the Notes is made at the time of purchase. Changes in our business or financial condition, or the terms of the Acquisition or the financing thereof, between the closing of this offering and the Completion Date, will have no effect on your rights as a purchaser of the Notes.
We may not be able to enforce claims with respect to the representations and warranties that the Sellers have provided to us under the Acquisition Agreement.
In connection with the Acquisition, the Sellers have given certain limited customary representations and warranties in the Acquisition Agreement related to their respective shares in the Target Companies, the Target Group and the business of the Target Group. The Acquisition Agreement also contains a tax indemnity. See ``--Risks Related to Our Industry and Business--Litigation, investigations and proceedings may negatively affect our business.'' There can be no assurance that we will be able to enforce any claims against the Sellers relating to breaches of such representations and warranties. Each Seller's liability with respect to breaches of its representations and warranties under the Acquisition Agreement is limited. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering any amounts from the Sellers, we may temporarily be required to bear these losses ourselves.
The Target Group may have liabilities that are not known to us.
The Target Group will be acquired with certain liabilities, including certain pension liabilities and certain tax liabilities. There may be liabilities that we failed or were unable to discover in the course of performing
66

due diligence investigations into the Target Group. Any such undiscovered liabilities of the Target Group, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, such liabilities may not be recoverable against the representations and warranties given by the Seller under the Acquisition Agreement. As we integrate the Target Group, we may learn additional information about the Target Group that adversely affects us, such as unknown or contingent liabilities and issues relating to compliance with applicable laws. Some agreements with customers and sellers of debt contain change of control provisions which require us to provide notice to such customer or seller of any change of control of the relevant Group company or provide such customer or seller with the option to terminate the agreement upon such change of control. The Acquisition will result in a change of ownership of the Group. Some agreements require us to notify our debt collection customers or the sellers of debt we purchase prior to or upon a change of control of the Group or a relevant company within the Group. Such change of control may give rise to the right of the relevant customer or seller to terminate the underlying agreement or to repurchase the assets sold under the relevant debt purchase agreement. We therefore cannot assure you that these agreements will not be terminated or renegotiated.
67

THE TRANSACTIONS
The Acquisition of the Target Group
On July 18, 2014, Senior Secured Notes Issuer, as purchaser, and Altor Funds, Investor and certain minority shareholders, including members of management who hold an interest in one or more of the Target Companies, as sellers (the ``Sellers''), entered into the Acquisition Agreement regarding the direct or indirect, as applicable, acquisition of all the shares of the Target Group (the ``Acquisition''). Under the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will directly or indirectly, as applicable, acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Target Companies as of the consummation of the Acquisition (the ``Completion Date''). The consummation of the Acquisition pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement will be subject to the clearance of (i) the EU Commission, (ii) the Russian Federation and (iii) the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (together, the ``Acquisition Conditions''). If the Acquisition is not consummated by the one-hundred-fortieth (140th) business day after the signing of the Acquisition Agreement, the Acquisition Agreement may be terminated by either party. In connection with obtaining the approvals of the applicable regulatory and competition authorities, we may agree to divest certain of our assets or operations. We currently do not expect that we will be required to divest assets or operations that generate a significant portion of our revenue. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Transaction.''
Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Target Companies for e1,352 million (the ``Purchase Price''), subject to certain purchase price adjustments. The interest on the Purchase Price shall be calculated on the basis of an agreed rate at eleven and a half (11.5) per cent per annum, and shall be calculated for the period between May 1, 2014 and the Completion Date (the ``Interest Payment Adjustment''). Further, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted upwards with respect to certain other components, such as the net cash amounts in some of the Target Companies and compensation due to certain intra-group loans. In addition, the Purchase Price will be reduced by the amount of any dividends or similar payment, asset transfers or certain other transfers of value from the Target Group to the Sellers that occur prior to the Completion Date that are not permitted under the Acquisition Agreement and certain payments to employees or directors or finding fee arrangements triggered as a result of the Acquisition.
The Acquisition Agreement includes customary restrictions on the activities of the Target Group prior to the Completion Date, including restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, as well as limited representations, warranties and covenants that are subject to limitations and exclusions. The Acquisition Agreement does not prohibit the Company from incurring additional debt under its existing revolving credit facility. Any such additional debt borrowed will be refinanced on the Completion Date as part of the Transactions.
The Financing of the Acquisition
We plan to use the proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with an equity contribution from Nordic Capital Fund VIII, the Altor Funds, Investor and certain co-investors and the proceeds from the Shareholder Notes to finance the Acquisition, pay related fees and expenses and refinance (together with certain cash on hand) the Existing Credit Facilities and the Existing Vendor Loan. To the extent additional sources are required on completion, the Issuer may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (in an amount up to e50 million) and/or additional equity. See ``Use of Proceeds.'' The Target Group had e956 million of outstanding third-party indebtedness as of June 30, 2014, including under the Existing Credit Facilities and the Existing Vendor Loan. We expect to repay all of the indebtedness outstanding under the Existing Credit Facilities and the Existing Vendor Loan on the Completion Date.
The Notes
The Senior Secured Notes Issuer is offering e252.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Euro Floating Rate Notes, NOK 1.68 billion in aggregate principal amount of the NOK Floating Rate Notes and e550 million in aggregate principal amount of the Euro Fixed Rate Notes. The Senior Notes Issuer is offering e250 million in aggregate principal amount of the Euro Senior Notes and SEK 1.85 billion in aggregate principal amount of the SEK Floating Rate Notes.
The gross proceeds from this offering will be deposited into the Escrow Accounts pending the consummation of the Acquisition and the satisfaction of certain other conditions and will be controlled by, and pledged on a first-priority basis in favor of, the relevant Trustee for the benefit of the relevant
68

holders of the Notes. If the Acquisition is not consummated and such other conditions are not satisfied on or prior to February 10, 2015, we will be required to redeem the Notes at a special mandatory redemption price equal to the issue price of the Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, from the Issue Date to the special mandatory redemption date. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption.'' On the Issue Date, Nordic Capital Fund VIII will enter into a guarantee agreement pursuant to which it will guarantee the Issuers' obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes in the event the purchase price payable on a special mandatory redemption of the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Notes, as applicable, exceeds the proceeds in the relevant escrow account. The Revolving Credit Facility On or before the Issue Date, we will enter into the Revolving Credit Facility in the amount of e225 million. To the extent additional sources are required on closing, the Issuers may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (up to an amount of e50 million) and/or additional equity. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness.'' We refer to the Acquisition, the financing of the Acquisition and the repayment of the Existing Credit Facilities and the Existing Vendor Loan, together as the ``Transactions.'' Please see ``Use of Proceeds,'' ``Description of Other Indebtedness,'' ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes.''
69

USE OF PROCEEDS
The gross proceeds of the Senior Secured Notes will be e1,000 million (equivalent) and the gross proceeds of the Senior Notes will be e450 million (equivalent). We intend to use the gross proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with the equity contribution from Nordic Capital Fund VIII, Altor Funds, Investor and certain co-investors, and the proceeds from the Shareholder Notes, to: (i) pay the purchase price for the Acquisition under the Acquisition Agreement; (ii) pay related fees and expenses; and (iii) refinance, together with certain cash on hand, the Existing Credit Facilities and the Existing Vendor Loans. To the extent additional sources are required on completion of the Acquisition, the Issuers may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (in an amount up to e50 million) and/or proceeds from additional equity contributions.
For descriptions of our anticipated indebtedness following the offering of the Notes, see ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes,'' ``Description of the Senior Notes,'' ``Description of Other Indebtedness'' and ``Capitalization.''
The following table sets forth our expected estimated sources and uses of funds in connection with the Transactions. Amounts included in the table are based on June 30, 2014 data. In addition to the sources below, the Issuer expects to enter into the Revolving Credit Facility which provides for borrowings up to an aggregate principal amount of e225 million. Actual amounts will vary from estimated amounts depending on several factors, including the actual Completion Date, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the amount of cash generated by the Target Group prior to the Completion Date and differences between estimated and actual fees and expenses.

Sources of funds
Senior Secured Notes offered hereby . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Senior Notes offered hereby . . . . Equity (including Shareholder
Notes)(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total sources . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(g in millions)

Uses of funds

1,000 450

Purchase Price(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . Refinancing of Net Total Debt(3) . .

913 2,363

Transaction Costs . . . . . . . . . . . . Total uses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,352 941
70 2,363

(1) The purchase price is subject to certain purchase price adjustments as described in ``The Transactions'', including the Interest Payment Adjustment. To the extent additional sources are required on closing of the Acquisition, the Issuer may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (in an amount up to e50 million) and/or proceeds from additional equity contributions.
(2) Includes the equity contribution from Nordic Capital Fund VIII, Altor Funds, Investor and certain co-investors in an aggregate amount of e713 million and the Shareholder Notes in an amount of e200 million.
(3) Includes indebtedness outstanding under the Existing Credit Facilities, the Existing Vendor Loan, the Company's existing revolving credit facilities, the Mezzanine Facility and the Convertible Loans as of June 30, 2014 of e730 million, e109 million, e40 million, e37 million and e80 million, respectively, each of which will be repaid in full or become intercompany loans as part of the Transactions, minus e55 million of cash on hand used towards such refinancing.

70

CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets forth the cash and cash equivalents and capitalization as of June 30, 2014 (i) of the Company, on a historical basis, and (ii) of the Senior Notes Issuer and its subsidiaries, as adjusted to reflect the Transactions as if these events had occurred on June 30, 2014. The historical consolidated financial information has been derived from the Company's unaudited interim consolidated financial statements as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2014 prepared in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. Actual amounts may vary from estimated amounts, as described in ``Use of Proceeds''. To the extent additional sources are required on closing of the Acquisition, the Issuers may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (in an amount up to e50 million) and/or proceeds from additional equity contributions. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings up to an aggregate principal amount of e225 million.
This table should be read in conjunction with ``Use of Proceeds,'' ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,'' ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes,'' ``Description of the Senior Notes,'' ``Description of Other Indebtedness'' and the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. Except as set forth below, there have been no other material changes to our capitalization since June 30, 2014.

Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt: Existing Gross Debt(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Senior Secured Notes offered hereby(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Senior Notes offered hereby(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Borrowings under revolving credit facilities(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Equity (including Shareholder Notes)(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Capitalization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

As of June 30, 2014

Actual As Adjusted

(unaudited) (g in millions)

60

5

956 -- -- 40
996 539
1,535

-- 1,002
450 --
1,453 913
2,366

(1) Includes indebtedness outstanding under the Existing Credit Facilities, the Existing Vendor Loan, the Mezzanine Facility and the Convertible Loans as of June 30, 2014 of e730 million, e109 million, e37 million and e80 million, respectively. On the Completion Date, the Existing Credit Facilities and the Existing Vendor Loan will be repaid in full as part of the Transactions and the Mezzanine Facility and the Convertible Loans will become intercompany liabilities of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
(2) Represents e1,002 million (equivalent) aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes offered hereby.
(3) Represents e450 million (equivalent) aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes offered hereby.
(4) As of June 30, 2014, the Company had e40 million of borrowings outstanding under its existing revolving credit facilities which will be repaid in full as part of the Transactions. The Acquisition Agreement does not prohibit the Company from incurring additional debt under the existing revolving credit facilities. Any such additional debt borrowed will be refinanced on the Completion Date as part of the Transactions. See ``Transactions''. On or before the Issue Date, the Issuers expect to enter into the Revolving Credit Facility, which provides for borrowings up to an aggregate principal amount of e225 million. To the extent additional sources are required on closing of the Acquisition, the Issuers may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (in an amount up to e50 million) and/or proceeds from additional equity contributions.
(5) As adjusted amount includes the equity contribution from Nordic Capital Fund VIII, Altor Funds, Investor and certain co-investors in an aggregate amount of e713 million and the Shareholder Notes in an amount of e200 million.

71

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA
The tables below set forth selected consolidated financial data for the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, and as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013. The consolidated financial data of the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 has been derived from the Company's audited consolidated financial statements, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS and are included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. The selected consolidated interim financial data as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013 has been derived from the Company's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS and are included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. The results for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for a full year or any future reporting period.
The following tables should also be read in conjunction with ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information--Non-GAAP Financial Measures,'' ``Capitalization,'' ``Use of Proceeds'' and ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.''

Selected Income Statement Data

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee benefit expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013

2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

386 425 447 226

226

15 -- -- --

--

401 425 447 226

226

(156) (167) (170) (85) (82)

(35) (34) (35) (18) (17)

(18) (19) (19) (9)

(9)

(67) (79) (83) (39) (41)

(9) (9) (10) (4)

(7)

115 117 130 71

70

1

2

10

0

(148) (153) (128) (88) (43)

(146) (151) (127) (88) (43)

(31) (34) 3 (17)

27

7 15 (21) 3

(7)

(24) (19) (18) (14)

20

For the twelve months ended June 30, 2014
(unaudited)
447 --
447 (167)
(34) (19) (85) (13)
129 1
(83)
(82)
47 (31)
16

(1) Finance costs consist of interest on loans from financial institutions, fair value gains and losses on financial derivatives (interest swaps), interest expense on the Subordinated Loans, net financial exchange gains/(losses) on financing activities, write down of investments in associated companies and other financial expenses. Our previous majority shareholders Investor and Altor Funds converted e533 million of the Subordinated Loans to equity with effect from July 1, 2013, resulting in a carrying amount of the Subordinated Loans of e146 million and e137 million as of June 30, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. See ``Note 24'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.

72

Selected Statement of Financial Position Data

Fixtures and furnitures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Financial derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other-short term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(g in millions) (unaudited)

8

6

6

5

10

17

23

69

23

77

784 825 782 804 780

525 658 675 674 760

6

17

9

21

10

6

3

3

2

4

1,347 19 2 29 22 49

1,532 17 13 31 28 60

1,544 17 5 35 45 52

1,531 20 5 34 29 53

1,641 15 -- 33 35 60

120 150 154 140 144

1,467 1,682 1,697 1,671 1,785

39

37 524

20 539

514 587 563 544 588

540 619 137 663 146

121 140 161 151 173

1

11

2

4

1

19

12

9

9

10

13

14

9

20

9

9

6

3

5

4

1,218 1,390 885 1,396 932

29

33

23

24

22

116 125 130 152 182

22

28

45

29

35

2

6

22

2

9

42

64

69

49

66

211 256 289 256 314

1,428 1,645 1,174 1,651 1,246

1,467 1,682 1,697 1,671 1,785

Selected Cash Flow Statement Data

Net cash generated from operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net cash from/(used in) financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at period end . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(g in millions)(unaudited)

89 186 222 90 92

(119) (237) (224) (99) (163)

(14) 65

1

3 78

(44) 14 (2) (6) 8

49 60 52 53 60

73

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following is a discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, based on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 and the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, in each case, prepared in accordance with IFRS.
You should read this discussion in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. A summary of the critical accounting estimates that have been applied to the Company's consolidated financial statements is set forth below in ``--Significant Accounting Policies.'' You should also review the information in the section ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information.'' This discussion also includes forward-looking statements which, although based on assumptions that we consider reasonable, are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or conditions to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties facing us as a result of various factors, see ``Forward-Looking Statements'' and ``Risk Factors.''
Overview
We are a leading pan-European CMS provider, focusing on overdue unsecured consumer debt, with a market leading position (by revenue) (Source: Company Market Study) in the European financial institutions sector. We provide debt collection services to, and acquire portfolios of overdue debt and other overdue receivables from, our clients, who include financial institutions, telecommunications companies, utilities providers, public sector and retail stores.
We are active along the entire CMS value chain, performing the functions as illustrated in the graphic below:
External Offering / 3rd Party Services

Information Services

Invoice/ Web Invoice

Debt Collection

Pre-legal

Legal

Surveillance and Recovery

Debt Purchasing

Lindorff Acting as Principal

12AUG201407150171

· Debt Collection: We engineer and implement tailored debt collection strategies and solutions to maximize cash flow streams from overdue debt and other overdue receivables for clients who have decided to outsource their debt collection function. We service NPLs for financial institutions clients, including credit card loans, car loans, overdrafts, consumer loans, business loans and mortgages, as well as insurance and factoring claims. We also collect overdue bills for other clients, including telecommunications providers, utilities and retail stores.

· Debt Purchasing: We purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables from our clients, which we then typically service using our in-house debt collection function.

· Other Services: In addition, we provide our clients with a wide range of services before debt and receivables are overdue, including customer and credit information and analysis, data extraction and modelling, selection and scoring of potential customers, invoicing and web invoicing, reminder services, factoring solutions and turn-key solutions for web-shops.

From our origins in Norway, we have expanded our geographic footprint to serve clients in key markets across Europe, with local operations in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia. We recognize revenue from debt collection services, which consists of fees from debtors and fees and commissions from third-party clients, when we collect on a claim. We recognize revenue from purchased portfolios according to the effective interest method.

74

According to this method, the carrying value of each portfolio corresponds to the present value of estimated gross future cash flows discounted by an initial effective interest rate (``EIR'') determined on the date the portfolio was purchased. The EIR is the interest rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash received through the expected life of the portfolio and which we calculate by considering the estimated level of gross collections over the next 180 months and the purchase price of the portfolio. Adjustments are recognized in our consolidated income statement, such that in cases where monthly cash flows from a portfolio are greater than the cash flow forecast for the same period, the excess collection amounts are recorded as revenue in the period and, conversely, monthly cash flows that are lower than the cash flow forecast for the same period are recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period. We recognize revenue from other services when the services are provided and revenue from subscription services is recognized proportionally over the duration of the agreement, usually one year.

Illustrative Economics
The illustration below gives a high-level overview of our business model and economics:
· In the debt collection segment, we collect overdue debt on behalf of our customers. As of June 30, 2014, we had e14.5 billion of third party debt under management. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we generated e228 million of revenue through fees and commissions.
· In the debt purchasing segment, as of June 30, 2014, the face value of purchased debt was e17.3 billion (calculated as principal including accrued fees and interest at acquisition of debt portfolios). The average purchase price was 8.7% of the face value or e1.5 billion. On average, we collect 2.6 times the purchase price over 15 years, which translates into e4 billion of collections. Typically, 3 years after the date of acquisition we have recovered the purchase price paid based on gross collections.
· We also performs a wide range of services before debt and receivables are overdue, including credit information and invoicing services, where we earn a fee for the services provided.

Business Model

Debt Collection
· Activity: Manage portfolio of overdue claims for clients
· Objective: Maximise cash flows for clients who have decided to outsource debt collection
· Various remuneration structures for Lindorff · Contingent fee as a percentage of collections · Profit sharing mechanism

Debt Purchasing

Other Services

· Activity: Acquire portfolios of overdue claims from our · Activity: Services before debt

clients (primarily from financial institutions)

and receivables are overdue,

· Objective: Maximise cash flows by using our in-house

including customer and credit information and analysis,

collection operations and maximise all return on investment

invoicing and reminder services

Illustrative Economics

3rd Party Debt under Mgnt Revenue Fees and Commissions (%)

14.5 bn 228 m 1.6 %

Face Value of Purchased Debt2 Average Purchase Price (%) Portfolio Purchase Price Gross Cash on Cash Multiple Gross Collections Years to Breakeven from Purchase

17.3 bn 8.7%
1.5 bn 2.6x
4.0 bn c. 3.0 Yrs

· Lindorff receives a fee for the services provided
Of which 2.1bn collected to date

In a Given Year

Over 15+ Years Portfolio Life

Revenue1

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

2013

204 m

216 m

228 m

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

2013

146 m

179 m

200 m

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

2013

51 m 2912mAUG201410971m45766

(1) Debt collection excluding debt collection revenues on own portfolios. (2) Defined as principal including accrued fees and interest at the time of acquisition of debt portfolios.

75

Cash Generation and Conversion
The table below sets forth the percentage of our Adjusted EBITDA (excluding gain from sale of subsidiaries) that is converted into operating cash flow (before tax and net financial items). For the years ended December 31, 2011 to 2013, 91-95% of our Adjusted EBITDA was converted to operating cash flow (before income tax expense and net finance costs).

EBITDA (excluding gain from sale of subsidiaries) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortization and revaluation of purchased portfolios . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Adjusted EBITDA (excluding gain from sale of subsidiaries) . . . . . . . . . . . . . Adjusted net changes in working capital(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Capital expenditure (excluding purchases of portfolios and platform carve-outs) . Operating cash flow (before income tax expense and net finance costs) . . . Cash conversion (excluding purchases of portfolios)(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended
December 31,
2011 2012 2013
(g in millions except %)
110 126 141 91 112 115
200 239 256 (8) 1 4
(11) (12) (20) 181 228 240
91% 95% 94%

(1) Adjusted for short-term non-interest bearing debt in the amount of e45 million incurred in relation to a portfolio acquisition made at the end of 2010 that was delayed and incurred in 2011. Reported net changes in working capital for the year ended December 31, 2011 was e(53) million.
(2) Defined as operating cash flow (before income tax expense and net finance costs) divided by Adjusted EBITDA.

Cash Generation Illustration
The table below illustrates cash generation after pro forma interest expense and tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2013. The following illustration is presented for information purposes only and does not reflect our historical or future cash generation.

Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net changes in working capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Capital expenditure (excluding purchases of portfolios and platform carve-outs) . . . . .
Operating cash flow (before income tax expense and net finance cost) . . . . . . . . . . . Pro-forma finance cost(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pro-forma tax expense(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Illustrative annual cash generation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended
December 31,
2013
(g in millions)
256 4
(20)
240 (110)
(5)
125

(1) Represents interest expense in respect of the Notes based upon, with respect to the Euro Floating Rate Notes, a constant EURIBOR rate for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2013 based on the current spot three-month EURIBOR rate, with respect to the NOK Floating Rate Notes, a constant NIBOR rate for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2013 based on the current spot three-month NIBOR and with respect to the SEK Floating Rate Notes, a constant STIBOR rate for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2013 based on the current spot three-month STIBOR, as if the Transactions had occurred on January 1, 2013. As adjusted cash interest expense has been presented for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to represent what our interest payments would have actually been had the issue of the Notes occurred on the date assumed, nor does it purport to project our interest payments for any future period or our financial condition at any future date.
(2) Assumes that the interest on the Notes is fully tax deductible and a tax rate of 27%
After pro-forma interest expense of e110 million and tax expense of e5 million, we would have generated e125 million of cash.
Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
Our business and results of operations, as well as the key operating metrics discussed below, have been, and are expected to continue to be, affected by certain key factors including, in particular, level of

76

debt and other overdue receivables available for purchase and for third party collection, purchases of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables at the right price, competition and pricing, gross collection levels, collection costs and operational efficiency, seasonality, acquisitions and geographic expansion, economic conditions, regulatory considerations, foreign currency effects and tax effects. Each of these factors is discussed in more detail below.
Level of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables Available for Purchase and for Third Party Collection
Our results of operations are linked to the overall level of debt and other overdue receivables available for purchase and for third-party collection in the markets and industry sectors in which we operate. During the periods under review, the level of sale and outsourcing of debt and other overdue receivables has increased, particularly in relation to NPLs originated by financial institutions, and we believe that this development will continue. This market growth opportunity is largely driven by three factors: a large buildup of NPLs by financial institutions, an increased propensity to sell NPLs as regulation has put pressure on financial institutions to delever and an increase in the number of financial institutions selling debt and outsourcing collection services as financial institutions have refocused their businesses by exiting non-core operations, such as in-house debt collection. During the periods under review, we benefitted from these industry trends and were able to expand our operations and increase our results of operations. We entered into new collection services contracts and successfully negotiated contract extensions with existing clients, and we purchased additional portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables.
During the global financial crisis, the CMS market was volatile. Debtors' repayment profiles were extended, which led to longer estimated remaining collections (``ERC'') horizons. In response to this development, we adopted a cautious approach and decreased our portfolio purchases. Instead, we shifted our focus to debt collection. Performing both debt collection and debt purchasing has helped us build a flexible and balanced business that we believe is well-suited to capture the increased overall level of use of CMS services across Europe. Regardless of whether a financial institution desires to manage its CMS requirements by selling debt and other overdue receivables or by outsourcing its debt collection function, we can offer these services and build a relationship with the client, enabling us to be the preferred choice if and when that client decides to shift or expand its usage of CMS services.
Historically, in our experience, debt that is long overdue has been predominantly offered for sale, whereas ``fresher'' debt (i.e., debt more recently declared overdue) is typically managed by debt originators through a combination of sales and outsourcing. During the periods under review, a number of major portfolios consisting of older debt were offered for sale to the market, which made debt purchases more prevalent in many markets during these years. Given the large buildup of NPLs by financial institutions in Europe since 2008, based on our analysis of the Company Market Study, we expect the volumes of NPL sales in Europe to remain at similar levels over the next five years. As markets mature, debt originators tend to outsource their CMS requirements at an earlier stage of the claim's life cycle, which typically results in a more even balance between debt purchase and debt collection. The growth in CMS services has been led by mature markets, such as the Nordic region, where the level of debt collection services has been particularly high, but with other European markets now realizing the benefit of engaging a specialist to handle their CMS needs, we believe there are significant opportunities for us to expand further, within both debt collection services and debt purchases. See ``Industry Overview--Overview of Selected European Markets.''
Purchases of Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables at the Right Price
Our ability to purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables at the right price has been a key driver of our results of operations in the periods under review and will continue to be a key driver going forward. Purchased debt consists mainly of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables purchased at prices significantly below the nominal face value and which are recognized at amortized cost. We expect to achieve collections in excess of the portfolio purchase price and as of June 30, 2014 our ERC was 2.6 times the carrying value of our purchased portfolios.
When purchasing portfolios, we engage in an extensive valuation of the portfolio in order to determine what price we should offer the client, see ``Our Business--Operating and Service Offerings--Debt Purchasing--Valuation and Due Diligence.'' Our performance is dependent on our ability to purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables that meet our investment criteria, including prices that generate an appropriate return on purchased debt. After purchasing a portfolio, our performance is
77

further dependent on our ability to generate gross collection levels at or in excess of our expectations for that portfolio.
The global financial crisis reduced the propensity of debt originators to sell overdue receivables as prices decreased and also led to difficulties for debt purchasers to obtain funding for purchases of portfolios in 2008 and 2009. During this period, collection levels on portfolios decreased, thus reducing overall portfolio performance. This impacted not only the pricing of new portfolios, but also existing portfolios that debt purchasers owned at the time and which were typically secured under existing funding arrangements. Consequently, the years surrounding the global financial crisis created challenges for debt purchasers to obtain funding. We were able to adapt quickly to these challenging market conditions. During this time, our portfolios were primarily sourced from financial institutions in the Nordic region and we were able to mitigate the impact of the adverse market conditions by changing our collection strategies and adopting solution rates (i.e., expected collection relative to the principal amount) with long-term repayment profiles. The lower purchase prices resulted in reduced propensity of debt originators to sell overdue receivables. Instead, they shifted focus to debt collection services. Due to our full service business model, we were able to adapt our business mix and meet this client demand. Pure debt purchasers, who lacked in-house debt collection operations, were unable to react in this manner. Similarly, when the markets started to recover again in 2010, and pricing levels became increasingly attractive for sellers, we were able to respond rapidly by increasing portfolio purchases. We believe that our balanced business model allows us to adapt to a changing market environment and the dynamics of supply.
From January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2013, we invested e506 million to purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables, including deliveries under forward flow agreements, with an aggregate face value of e6.0 billion. We invested substantially more in 2012 than we did in both 2011 and 2013, in large part due to the purchase in 2012 of a major portfolio with a face value in excess of e1 billion from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany. As of December 31, 2013, 87% of the face value of our portfolios across our geographic markets consisted of NPLs originated by financial institutions, with the remaining approximately 13% representing overdue receivables from clients in other industries. During the periods under review, the share of NPLs originated by financial institutions has been increasing gradually due to large NPL purchases in Germany and Spain where we have only minor exposure to utility or telecom industries. As of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 we had ERC of e1.70 billion, e1.66 billion and e1.29 billion, respectively, and as of June 30, 2014 and 2013 we had ERC of e1.89 billion and e1.7 billion, respectively. The resulting carrying value of purchased portfolios in our IFRS consolidated statement of financial position was e675 million, e658 million and e525 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, and e760 million and e674 million, respectively, as of June 30, 2014 and 2013.
The table below presents information on the portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables that we purchased during the periods under review. In any period, we purchase portfolios that can vary in age, type and ultimate collectability, which results in period-to-period variation in average prices paid and face value.

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

2013

Purchases of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables: price paid (e in millions) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Face value of purchased debt acquired during the period (e in millions) Total price paid as % of face value (%) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

117 1,484
7.9

235 2,501
9.4

154 1,733
8.9

There are two principal models for purchasing portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables, one-off agreements and forward flow agreements. The majority of portfolios for sale are currently offered to the market through competitive tender processes. In a one-off agreement, we agree to buy a portfolio of claims that we receive in one transaction upon payment. In a forward flow agreement, we agree to buy claims at a pre-defined price or price range for a given volume and quality from a client on an ongoing basis. Forward flow agreements are beneficial because they offer a predictable and certain flow of claims. As of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we had commitments for purchases of portfolios pursuant to forward flow agreements amounting to e66 million, e28 million and e17 million, respectively. Forward flow agreements are typically not long-term contracts and a number of our forward flow

78

agreements expire in 2014. Although we expect that many of these will be renewed, our current forward flow agreements provide no medium to long-term assurance on purchasing levels.
Our full-service business model allows us to offer flexible pricing arrangements to our clients that are tailored for the specific circumstances of the client and the relevant portfolio. For example, in certain circumstances we will co-invest with other debt purchasers to purchase a portfolio. Co-investment is beneficial for a number of reasons: (1) it typically provides us with a large portfolio to perform debt collection through master servicing agreements, (2) enhances our ability to purchase large portfolios, (3) gives us the opportunity to cooperate with external expertise and purchase diverse asset pools (e.g., SMEs), (4) enables us to diversify risk as we share the risk with a partner and purchase several portfolios as opposed to a single one and (5) facilitates entering into new markets and building both purchase and collection capabilities early on in a new jurisdiction.
Our ability to purchase portfolios is dependent on our internally generated funding resources and our access to financing at the time portfolios become available for purchase. We currently fund our purchases of portfolios, working capital needs and other expenditures with cash generated from our operating activities and borrowings under our credit facility. We believe that we will be able to continue to obtain financing (bank debt as well as capital markets debt) subject to market conditions. See ``--Liquidity and Capital Resources'' for additional information on the funding of our portfolio purchases and see ``--Economic Conditions'' for additional information on the effects of economic conditions on our business and results of operations.
Competition and Pricing
Competition and pricing levels in the markets in which we operate affect our ability to successfully and profitably purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables and carry out our debt collection services. The European CMS market is fragmented, consisting of several thousand companies with varied profiles. In recent years, we believe that there has been a trend towards increased concentration of the CMS industry with a small core group of CMS providers, such as Intrum Justitia, EOS and us, expanding in scale as core clients, in particular financial institutions, are increasingly placing value on high-quality data assets acquired over an extended period of time, a robust compliance framework, a multi-national presence and long-term relationships with CMS providers. In addition, reputation and ethical behavior are fundamental competitive advantages in order to maintain relationships with current and potential clients, especially financial institutions. The pricing element of debt collection services has become increasingly competitive and resulted in decreased pricing levels for such services during the periods under review, particularly in the Nordic region.
Portfolios of unsecured consumer NPLs, which is where we focus our debt purchases, have become subject to increasingly competitive pricing as financial institutions have taken a strategic view to divest these types of portfolios. As these portfolios have grown in size and value, this has become an attractive sector and existing market participants, together with new market entrants, have intensified competition and pricing. Furthermore, the increased price levels are largely due, we believe, to the claims sold being ``fresher'', already paying or in the legal stage of collection, as opposed to older, non-paying claims depending on voluntary payments, which is the pattern for portfolios in some of the markets we have entered more recently. The global financial crisis led to unattractive pricing levels for purchases of portfolios in 2008 and 2009, mainly as a result of reduced ability of debtors to repay their debt, reduced propensity of debt originators to sell overdue receivables and difficulties for debt purchasers to obtain funding, but markets started to recover again in 2010 and pricing levels have been advantageous during the periods under review. Unlike companies that do not offer debt collection services, our balanced operations provide an efficient tool in this competitive landscape. Since we generate steady revenue and cash flow from our debt collection services, we can selectively choose which NPL portfolios to bid for and do not have to purchase portfolios we believe are priced too high simply to ensure sufficient cash flow into the operations. In this competitive landscape, our EBITDA margin has improved from 28% in the year ended December 31, 2011 (excluding the gain from sale of subsidiaries) to 31% in the year ended December 31, 2013. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Industry and Business--We are active in competitive markets and may be unable to continue to successfully compete with businesses that may offer more attractive prices or have greater financial resources, less expensive funding or lower return requirements than we have.''
79

Gross Collection Levels
We primarily generate revenue from: (a) fees and commissions received from claims on which we perform debt collection services, pursuant to contracts that typically contain ``no cure no pay'' payment terms, which means that we are paid only if we are able to successfully collect on a claim; and (b) payments received from debtors linked to claims in our purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables. The ability and willingness of a debtor to pay depends on several factors, such as his/her employment status, the availability of funds and asset ownership. We believe that our business benefits from the quality of the data that we can build about a debtor's circumstances and the analysis we can perform on such data in order to confirm the debtor's employment status and/or asset ownership, for example, and assess his/her ability or willingness to pay, and ultimately determine the best collections strategy for individual debtors.
We have a large and diverse collection of portfolios that have delivered consistent and stable revenue over time. In 2013, we received approximately 8 million payments and we had approximately 8.6 million claims in stock as of December 31, 2013. Our collections per month per full-time employee (``FTE'') employed in operations averaged approximately e131,536 in 2013, and the claims in stock per FTE employed in operations increased from approximately 3,800 at the start of 2013 to approximately 4,250 by the end of 2013.
Gross Collection Levels on Debt Collection Services
Since our client contracts for debt collection services are typically entered into on a ``no cure no pay'' basis, our debt collection revenue is directly linked to our gross collection levels. The volume of debt and other overdue receivables outsourced to us by our third-party collection clients, and consequently our revenue from debt collection services, is linked to our historic ability to collect on overdue debt and on our relationships with our debt collection clients, including our ability to demonstrate strong gross collection levels. In addition, by achieving strong collection levels, we can maximize the amount recovered by our clients, as well as the fees and commissions we receive on a particular claim. Our debt collection clients actively manage the outsourcing process by benchmarking our collections performance against that of our competitors on a regular basis. Depending on the outcome of such benchmarking, our clients may release more claims to us or, conversely, if we have performed poorly compared to our peer group, reduce the number of claims that we service. We offer flexible pricing arrangements to our debt collection services clients that are tailored for the specific circumstances of the client and the relevant claims to be outsourced. We believe that the benefits of our effective claims collection strategy are evident through our many long-standing client relationships where we are seen as a trusted, important and strategic business partner by entering into a master servicing agreement to provide collection services on the client's debt and other overdue receivables that we have not purchased. For more information about our debt collection services, see ``--Key Operating Metrics for Debt Collection Services.''
Gross Collection Levels on Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
After we purchase a portfolio, we typically manage it in-house. Revenue generated from claims in our purchased portfolios is impacted by the gross collection levels that we are able to achieve. As we keep the entire amount we collect on purchased portfolios, we can strategically allocate additional resources and costs to optimize collection and increase collection levels on a specific portfolio, until we reach the stage when the resources and costs required exceed the expected revenue. We believe that our ability to convert non-paying claims into paying claims on our purchased portfolios illustrates the degree of accuracy of our analysis conducted through our data assets and analytical capabilities and the effectiveness of our scalable, multi-channel collections approach and we further believe that we operate our forecasts with an appropriate balance between prudent pricing and strong collection performance. From January 1, 2011 to June 30, 2014, we collected 106% of our original investment projections. During 2009 and 2010, following the global financial crisis, we experienced a change in market dynamics where there was an increase in our collection costs, while debtors were unable to pay back their loans on previous levels. This resulted in our actual collections being lower than our projected collections (based on our pricing model at the time of purchase). In order to mitigate the effects of the prevailing conditions, we shifted our collection strategies from more costly methods, such as bailiffs, to less expensive alternatives, such as long-term payment plans. After adapting our collection strategies in this way, we managed to meet our collection estimates and during the periods under review, actual collections on our
80

owned portfolios have consistently exceeded projected collections based on our pricing model at the time of purchase.
Ability to Extract Value and Maintain Collection Levels on Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
We currently manage e30 billion of debt, of which e15 billion represents purchased portfolios that we own. We purchase these portfolios at significant discounts to face value and typically collect multiples of the purchase price. Our focus is on debt from financial institutions as we believe these have the most attractive characteristics: very long-term stable cash flows allowing for higher total collections and gross cash-on-cash multiples. We believe that these characteristics allow for sophisticated players, such as us, to impact collections and returns by applying the optimal collection strategies. For a description of how we manage and track the performance of our portfolios, see ``--Revaluation of Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables.''
Our ability to impact financial performance by extracting value from these portfolios is demonstrated by our track record of extending maturities and maintaining high and sustainable cash flows, resulting in total collections above expectations. Our ability to extract value from portfolios is also evidenced by the evolution of our old portfolios. For portfolios purchased in 2005 and before, we now expect to have total collections of 3.2 times the purchase price, compared to our initial business case expectations of 2.6 times the purchase price. This evolution can also be observed on our more recent vintages. For our portfolios purchased in 2010, we have already raised our expected total collections to 2.6 times the purchase price compared to 2.5 times the purchase price under the initial business case.
There is also potential to increase collections by further improving our collection rates from our ongoing optimization of surveillance portfolios. During the surveillance phase, debtors are monitored for any changes in personal circumstances, e.g., employment status, that may allow debtors to commence payment. Included in the face value under management, we currently have e19 billion face value of debt under surveillance, generating approximately e400 million in annual collections. The collection rates on these portfolios vary by geography and they tend to be lower in markets where we have less developed operations, such as Spain and Germany. Bringing the collection rates in these markets up to the same level as Norway, Sweden and Finland would have a meaningful impact on the yield of our portfolios. For a more detailed description of the surveillance phase, see ``Our Business--Operations and Service Offerings--Debt Collection--Surveillance Phase.''
Collection Costs and Operational Efficiency
Optimizing debtor contact at each stage of the collection life cycle is the key to our debt collection strategy. Our debt collection process is standardized and automated, with the goal of maximizing the total amount collected over the life of the debt through sustainable payment plans or affordable settlements achieved through an amicable and solution-oriented collection approach rather than exploiting short-term collection potential. We benefit when purchasing a portfolio since any effects resulting from allocating additional resources and cost to collect to such portfolio is attributed to us, whereas in debt collection the additional resources and cost merely produce a marginal increase in commissions and in many cases require our client to accept a higher commission in order for us to benefit from the additional revenue generated. Debt purchase does not require our client to take this risk, but the client can anyway realize some of the benefit by receiving an attractive price level.
Costs representing 18% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 were variable, i.e., attributable to phone, postage and packaging, print, temporary staff, legal fee cost, travel and consulting fees (compared to 20% for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 22% for the year ended December 31, 2011). The decrease in variable costs as a percentage of revenue during the years ended December 31, 2011 to 2013 was due largely to the decline in our collection cost ratio as discussed below. The ratio of variable costs to revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2014 was 17% (compared to 18% for the six months ended June 30, 2013). Our fixed costs are limited almost entirely to office accommodation, permanent staff, data platform, compliance and IT infrastructure expenses, providing us with scalability with a low level of incremental overhead costs. Our fixed costs as a percentage of revenue increased during the years ended December 31, 2011 to 2013 in line with the corresponding decrease in variable costs, primarily due to increased permanent staff costs and increased rent costs resulting primarily from our acquisition of Collection Platforms.
81

Certain of our collection costs in a given period are largely variable because they are primarily driven by collection activity performed in such period. Such costs mainly comprise temporary staff, legal fees (including bailiffs), phone, postage and packaging, debtor information services, travel and consulting fees and commissions to external debt collectors. We use external debt collectors in cases where we have purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables that were already outsourced by the debt originator to the external debt collector, and thus it is more efficient in our view to retain this relationship. The aggregate commissions we pay to external debt collectors vary period-on-period. Our collection cost ratio for debt collection services decreased from 61% for the year ended December 31, 2011 to 59% for the year ended December 31, 2013, and from 57% for the six months ended June 30, 2013 to 59% for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease in our collection cost ratio for debt collection services was mainly driven by increased scale as we managed to increase the number of third-party portfolios serviced while controlling our investment in collection resources. Our collection cost ratio for debt purchases increased from 22% for the year ended December 31, 2011 to 29% for the year ended December 31, 2013, and from 29% for the six months ended June 30, 2013 to 31% for the six months ended June 30, 2014. This increase in our collection cost ratio for debt purchases was mainly due to the increase in commission rates charged by our debt collection department for servicing our purchased portfolios, particularly in Germany and Spain as these countries' share of our total gross collection increased during the period.
The table below sets forth our collection costs and our collection cost ratio for the periods under review.

Debt purchase Gross collections . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cost to collect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Gross collections less cost to collect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Collection cost ratio (%)(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Debt collection services Fees and commissions received for services provided(2) . . . . . . . Cost to collect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fees and commissions received for services provided less
cost to collect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(g in millions)

237 (53) 184 22

290 (83) 207 29

313 (91) 222 29

154 (44) 110 29

157 (48) 109 31

257 291 313 157 158 (156) (172) (185) (89) (93)

101 119 128 68 65

(1) Cost to collect relative to gross collections.
(2) Includes intergroup commissions.
Year-on-year trends in our collection cost ratio are not necessarily indicative of our operational efficiency and the return on capital we can achieve on purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables, as they are impacted by the varying characteristics of the portfolios we purchase in different years and differences in the timing of portfolio purchases during the year. Specifically, we believe that recent trends in our collection cost ratio have been driven by: (i) significant improvements in the operational efficiency of our collections team, primarily due to our implementation of more efficient collection methods, such as text messages and other automated processes, and a well-balanced level of operating expenses; and (ii) changes in the volume, mix and timing of portfolio purchases in each year.
Operational efficiency is key to our business model and a main advantage of our business compared to competitors and financial institutions and other customer companies who handle their debt collection in-house. We begin the debt collection process by segmenting or scoring debtors according to the predicted likelihood that they will pay, based on criteria such as past payment history, size and type of debt, debtors' age and gender and whether the debt was incurred by a consumer or a business. We thereafter determine which collection method to use for the specific claim, such as calls, letters, text messages, emails and to some extent personal visits by agents, depending on various factors, including the geographical market, the claim size, the client we are acting on behalf of, the applicable laws and regulations and the individual debtor. We believe that we are able to lower collection costs due to our large scale and automation of the debt collection process and we are able to increase recovery rates through our data assets and analytical capabilities to optimally tailor debt collection strategies based on

82

past experiences. As a result, we believe that we can optimize collection efficiency over the lifetime of the claim. In December 31, 2013, our revenue per FTE employed in operations was approximately e214,500, and in the period from June 30, 2013 to June 30, 2014, our revenue per FTE employed in operations grew from approximately e107,000 to approximately e110,000.
We have systematically carried out projects that have had, and that we believe will continue to have, a positive effect on our operations. We have divested a number of non-core activities and smaller businesses during the periods under review. We sold Mirror Accounting Group in Norway in January 2013 and our 50% share in M.G. De Jong Bailiff Service in the Netherlands and Bu¨rgel Group in Germany in December 2013. The divested entities provided accounting services, bailiff services and information and scoring services, respectively. We recognized a net loss of e0.5 million from these sales. In addition, during the periods under review and concluded in 2013, we have restructured our organization in certain countries, such as Germany, Spain, the Netherlands and Sweden, with the aim of realizing cost reductions. This has been done, for example, by means of termination of leaseholds and relocation projects, leading to an improved quality of our operations, as well as an efficiency program that reduced the number of FTEs. Other projects include the shift to process-driven collection to ensure that all claims are being initiated, prioritized and worked on in time and that no claims are left unallocated pending resolution of prior claims, a process which we began in Norway and now have migrated into our other jurisdictions. These projects have also focused on maximizing collection and enhancing revenue by establishing ``big ticket'' teams, for example in Sweden and Germany, that specialize in resolving larger debt claims instead of leaving these claims in the regular workflow. We are currently in the process of implementing the Lindorff Group Collection System, which aims to increase our efficiency in managing our country-specific collection systems. In addition, we have systematically worked to improve our basic IT infrastructure, and have moved from operating a unique IT platform in each local operation to having one IT infrastructure platform, operated by our IT outsourcing provider, which services all of our local operations. We believe that over time we will be able to realize savings in our IT costs through the outsourcing of our IT platform.
Seasonality
The timing of our purchases of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables is likely to be uneven during a financial year and from year to year due to fluctuating supply and demand within the market, with a corresponding impact on leverage and earnings. During the periods under review, we have generally purchased more portfolios, measured by purchase price, in the fourth quarter (when debt originators in general, and financial institutions in particular, often seek to sell assets) compared to each of the first three quarters. For example, in the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2011, we purchased portfolios for e35 million and e58 million, respectively, as compared to total portfolio purchases of e154 million and e117 million in the full years of 2013 and 2011, respectively. However, there may be exceptions in certain years where purchases of major individual portfolios are made in other parts of the year, such as in 2012, when we purchased only 20.3% of our portfolios in the fourth quarter, and our interim results for any given quarter may be impacted by the timing of the closing of a specific portfolio purchase. We believe that the fourth quarter will likely continue to be the most important quarter for financial institutions' management of their financial positions and thus when portfolio purchase levels will be highest. However, we believe that the impact on our operations may be lower going forward, given that claims purchased under forward flow agreements and smaller transactions (below e10,000,000) are expected to account for over 60% of portfolio acquisitions in 2014, which is in line with 2013, but indicates a higher share than 2012 due to the large transaction in Germany in 2012. In addition, the ECB Asset Quality Review, various stress tests and the increased importance of quarterly reporting in the financial calendars of larger institutions, may also result in a more even flow of sales throughout the year. Our interim results for a given quarter may also be impacted by seasonal factors, such as whether Easter occurs in the first or second quarter of the year.
Debt collection is also highly affected by seasonal factors related to debtors, including the number of work days in a given month, the propensity of debtors to take holidays at particular times of the year and annual cycles in disposable income. Collections within portfolios tend to have high seasonal variances, while our costs are more evenly spread out over the year, resulting in high variances of margins and profitability between quarters. Our margins are generally lower in the first quarter, whereas our collections will be seasonally higher in the second and fourth quarters of the year, due to debtors' receipt of tax refunds, holiday bonus payments and other factors.
83

Acquisitions and Geographic Expansion
We have a strong track record of expanding into new markets and making strategic acquisitions. We have been able to successfully integrate new businesses into our existing operations, achieve our strategic plans and leverage our strong client relationships to acquire businesses and assets from some of the largest financial institutions in Europe. We have focused on acquiring collection platforms divested by financial institutions, meaning that we have taken on entire collection functions from these institutions, including employees and debt collection services contracts and, in some instances, also portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables (``Collection Platforms''). In connection with acquiring Collection Platforms, we often also enter into a long-term service agreement to provide debt collection services to the financial institution selling the Collection Platform. These acquisitions have allowed us to enhance our business intelligence capabilities and local collection knowledge and generate steady streams of revenue. The value of the assets of the Collection Platforms is allocated to our consolidated statement of financial position as assets, and the residual purchase price is allocated as an intangible asset and amortized during the stipulated contract period. Acquisitions made during the periods under review were carried out to enter into new geographic markets, enter into long-term debt collection services agreements with specific financial institutions and complete a value chain, for example by establishing a local platform to better service a particular market. Expanding into a new geographic market may affect our overall balance between debt collection services and debt purchase, should the new market be particularly focused on one of these business areas. Geographic expansion may also serve to diverse our business and enhance our ability to manage the overall balance between debt collection services and debt purchase.
We acquired Collection Platforms for a total purchase price of e82 million during the periods under review. We believe that our acquisition track record is unrivalled in the European CMS industry. Specifically, during the periods under review, we made four acquisitions of significant scale:
· On January 7, 2011, we acquired 100% of the ordinary share capital in the debt collection company Reintegra Contact Center S.L., a subsidiary of Santander Group in Spain. The acquisition also included a number of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables.
· On March 2, 2012, we acquired 100% of the ordinary share capital in the debt collection company Reintegra Comercial Espan~a S.A., a subsidiary of Santander Group in Spain. In connection with the acquisition, we entered into a long-term service agreement with Santander Group to carry out part of its debt collection.
· On December 1, 2012, we acquired 100% of the ordinary share capital in the debt collection company Solveon Incasso B.V., a subsidiary of ABN AMRO Bank N.V. in the Netherlands.
· On November 29, 2013, we acquired the assets of a collection business unit from Banco Mare Nostrum, S.A. in Spain. In connection with the acquisition, we entered into a long-term service agreement with Banco Mare Nostrum, S.A. to carry out part of its debt collection.
We expect to continue to selectively pursue potential acquisitions to expand our geographic footprint and to increase our market share in countries where we already operate. See ``Our Business--Our Strategy'' and ``--Recent Developments.''
Economic Conditions
The economic and market conditions in the countries in which we operate can have various effects on our operations. For example, adverse economic conditions and increased levels of unemployment may lead to higher default rates on claims, which in turn may increase the stock of portfolios available for us to purchase and positively impact our prospects of purchasing portfolios and Collection Platforms with attractive returns. Similarly, negative economic developments may increase the amount of debt and other overdue receivables possessed by our debt collection clients, thereby potentially increasing the number of claims outsourced to us for collection. If adverse economic conditions materially reduce the ability of debtors to repay their debts, our revenue from both debt collection services and debt purchase could decrease. Adverse economic conditions could also reduce debt originators' propensity to sell overdue receivables at the prices prevailing in the market, thereby decreasing the volume of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables available for us to purchase and, thereafter, sales by debt originators could increase as they seek to sell portfolios in order to free up capital, thereby increasing the volume of debt and other overdue receivables available for us to purchase. This trend has been evident in the latest cycle; the global financial crisis in 2008 and 2009 led to dramatic slowdowns in purchases of portfolios
84

across our markets followed by a significant increase during the periods under review as debt originators sought to free up capital. Unfavorable economic conditions may also impact our ability to obtain funding and thereby our ability to purchase portfolios.
Improved economic conditions are likely to lower default rates on loans, which could negatively impact the growth of the stock of portfolios available for us to purchase, as well as decrease the amount of debt and other overdue receivables possessed by our debt collection clients, which would negatively impact our debt collection services. Generally, gross collection levels improve in times of decreased levels of unemployment. As a result, positive economic conditions could also be beneficial as they would enable debtors to increase repayments and enable debtors who were previously unable to pay their debts to have new payment plans arranged, thus increasing our revenue from both debt collection services and debt purchase. Positive economic conditions may also increase the underlying credit stock, driven by higher private consumption and continued low interest rates, in turn driving the amounts of consumer credits.
In our markets during the periods under review, Spain was one of the countries hardest struck by the financial turmoil and the Netherlands experienced lower growth and spending than expected, whereas Germany and the Nordic region, particularly Norway and Sweden, have improved and generally remained stable. Based on our analysis of the Company Market Study, we believe that overall macroeconomic conditions may recover over the next few years and that the overall net effect of this recovery would be positive for the CMS industry. See ``Our Business--Key Drivers of the CMS Industry-- Macroeconomic Recovery Improving Collection Rates.''
Regulatory Considerations
Our results of operations are affected by a number of laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to regulatory and compliance requirements relating to labor, license requirements, consumer credit, debt collection, default interest calculation, statutes of limitation, data protection, anti-corruption, tax and VAT, handling of client funds and other regulatory regimes. While regulations vary across jurisdictions, the general legal framework relevant for companies in the CMS industry is similar across the jurisdictions in which we operate. We have detailed policies and countryspecific procedures in place that are designed to ensure that we operate in compliance with applicable law and that compliance issues, if any, are identified and appropriately elevated within the organization. Our policy regarding regulatory compliance defines, among other things, governing principles regarding identification of governing laws and regulations, delegation of compliance responsibilities, guidelines on education and competence, testing and documentation of regulatory compliance control measures.
In each of the countries in which we currently have local operations, with the exception of Finland, we are able to extend the statutes of limitation on historic debt claims indefinitely (in Germany during court proceedings and for a period of 30 years thereafter) by taking legal actions or by notifying the debtor or otherwise interrupting the limitation period, and in Finland statute barring only applies to claims that are more than 15 years old. Any new laws or regulations that may be adopted, as well as changes to existing laws or regulations, in the jurisdictions in which we operate could constrain or prevent our ability to operate. For example, in 2008 when the 15 year statute of limitation entered into force in Finland, we implemented additional collection strategies to mitigate the negative effect of this change, such as intensified settlement campaigns for claims close to the 15 year limitation date, legal activities earlier in the collection process and continue to seek voluntary payments subsequent to the expiration of the 15 year limitation period. Furthermore, in the periods under review the amount of collection fees we are permitted to charge debtors in Finland and Norway were reduced through new legislation, which triggered re-negotiations of some of our client contracts, however, without having a material impact on our business. Conversely, new laws or regulations that may be adopted, as well as changes to, or the enforcement of, existing laws or regulations, could also have a positive impact on our business, as was the case in Sweden, where the collection fees we are permitted to charge debtors were increased as a result of new legislation in 2013 and 2014. See ``Regulations.''
Foreign Currency Effects
We currently have local operations in Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Norway, Russia, Spain and Sweden. Many of our subsidiaries transact business and report their financial results in currencies other than the euro, our consolidated reporting currency. Accordingly,
85

our results of operations are subject to currency effects, primarily currency translation exposure. Transaction-related exposure at our subsidiaries is limited because revenue and costs are largely incurred in their respective operating currencies. In addition, funding of our operations from our credit facility is drawn in local currencies and aligned with the portfolios purchased. For those countries with a reporting currency other than euro, profits and losses are translated into euro at average exchange rates, and assets and liabilities are translated into euro at closing exchange rates. Fluctuations in exchange rates against the euro result in period-on-period differences in our results of operations and can obscure period-on-period comparisons, for example between the quarterly results of two different years. For the year ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, 51%, 58% and 66%, respectively, of our revenue was reported by entities whose functional currencies are different than the euro, primarily Norwegian kroner, Swedish kronor and Danish kroner, which accounted for 34%, 12% and 4%, respectively, of our revenue in 2013, 36%, 15% and 5%, respectively, of our revenue in 2012 and 43%, 17% and 5%, respectively, of our revenue in 2011. For the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, 50% and 51%, respectively, of our revenue was reported by entities whose functional currencies are different than the euro, primarily Danish kroner, Norwegian kroner and Swedish kronor, which accounted for 4%, 31% and 14%, respectively, of our revenue in the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 4%, 34% and 13%, respectively, of our revenue in the six months ended June 30, 2013. As a significant portion of our revenue and results of operations in Norway is linked to debt collection, fluctuations in the exchange rate between Norwegian kroner and euro can have a disproportionate effect on our debt collection revenue. We are expanding our operations in existing markets, as well as considering growth opportunities in new markets, mainly where euro is the operating currency and thus we expect the impact of foreign currency translation to be moderate as we grow further.
Tax Effects
The statutory corporate tax rate in Sweden for 2013, 2012 and 2011 was 22%, 26.3% and 26.3%, respectively. Our effective tax rate was lower due primarily to the interest paid on the Subordinated Loans (excluding the one-off effect in 2013 of a settlement with the Norwegian tax authorities described below). Loans of this type and size are regularly used by investment company and private equity owners to structure their investments and to provide funding to their portfolio companies. Following the conversion of part of the Subordinated Loans to equity in 2013 to restore the equity level in the Company, as well as due to the conversion of certain loans to equity in Norway following the tax settlement described below and due to new regulation in Norway and other countries, our taxes payable increased, which in turn impacted our effective tax rate. Our results may also be impacted by one-off tax payments, such as the e13 million settlement reached with the Norwegian tax authorities related to the interpretation of historic tax deductions of interest on internal group loans for the years 2008 through 2012. Our effective tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2014 was 26%.
Recent Developments
On July 28, 2014, we agreed to acquire a collection unit from Banco Sabadell in Spain for a purchase price of e162,000,000. As part of the proposed transaction, the acquired unit will enter into a 10-year service agreement with the seller to perform debt collection services on its portfolio of existing and future debt and overdue receivables. Closing of the acquisition is expected to occur in the fourth quarter and will be subject to regulatory clearance (if applicable) and certain other customary closing conditions. The potential transaction is fully in line with our European strategy executed to date. We believe that the transaction would be accretive to our profile and our operating cash generation. The financing for this transaction will depend on several factors, including the timing for completion of this transaction in relation to the Completion Date, and is expected to be funded through a combination of sources, including potentially additional equity contributions by Nordic Capital Fund VIII, Altor and Investor and debt incurrence, including vendor financing secured by certain assets of the acquired business.
Recognition of Purchased Portfolios, Revenue Recognition, Estimation of Cash Flow Forecasts and Revaluation of Purchased Portfolios
The following sections describe how the IFRS accounting under the amortized cost methodology recognizes the carrying value of purchased portfolios in our consolidated statement of financial position, and the returns generated through debt collections on such portfolios in our consolidated income statement. These IFRS measures are derived from a number of other measures that are not defined in
86

IFRS and which involve a higher degree of judgment or complexity, including EIR and ERC, and these are areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements.
Recognition of Purchased Portfolios
Purchased debt consists mainly of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables purchased at prices significantly below the nominal face value and which are recognized according to IAS 39 for loans and receivables, i.e., at amortized cost using the effective interest method. According to the effective interest method, the carrying value of each portfolio corresponds to the present value of estimated gross future cash flows discounted by an EIR determined on the date the portfolio was purchased. The initial EIR is based on the relation between purchase cost and the projected future cash flows on the purchase date.
With the projection of future gross cash flows and the purchase price including transaction costs as a basis, each portfolio is assigned an initial EIR that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or financial liability at the time of purchase of the portfolio based upon estimated debt collections over the next 180 months that is then used to discount expected cash flows through the life of the portfolio. Portfolios with higher decay are estimated to have collections close to zero over the last few years of the life of the portfolio. If appropriate, the EIR is reassessed and adjusted up to 12 months after the purchase of the portfolio to reflect refinements made to our estimates of future cash flows based on enhanced data and analysis considered during that time period. This adjustment has historically not resulted in any material impact on our income from purchased portfolios.
Current cash flow projections are monitored over the course of the year and updated based on, among other things, achieved collection results and agreements reached with debtors on instalment plans. Cash flow projections are made at portfolio level. If the cash flow estimates are revised, the carrying amount is recalculated to reflect revised estimated cash flows by computing the present value of estimated future cash flows using the initial effective interest rate. An adjustment in the carrying amount is recognized in net revenue.
Changes over time in the book value can be divided into a time and interest rate component and a component related to changes in estimates of future cash flows. Changes in cash flow forecasts are treated symmetrically, i.e., both increases and decreases in forecast flows affect the portfolios' book value and, as a result, net revenue. The value of a portfolio is gradually amortized during the course of the expected life of the portfolio, leaving a carrying value of e0 at the end of the rolling ERC investment horizon.
From time to time, we also purchase portfolios on a forward flow basis. In a forward flow agreement, we agree to buy claims at a pre-defined price or price range for a given volume and quality from a client on an ongoing basis. Claims under forward flow agreements can be delivered on weekly, monthly or quarterly basis and the EIR of these claims is calculated per contract and used for each delivery of claims. If experience indicates a change in the attributes of claims under a specific agreement, we may decide to apply a new EIR for future claims. Each delivery under a forward flow agreement is treated as an individual portfolio purchase, using its own purchase cost and the pre-determined EIR. For reporting purposes, all individual deliveries under a forward flow agreement are added to the overall portfolio as an incremental purchase. These claims can therefore be assessed both by delivery and by portfolio. The ability to assess claims by delivery has the advantage that we can monitor performance more closely and react with corrective actions more quickly than would be the case if we could only assess claims by portfolio, in which case we would have to wait until any indication of non-performance would have an impact on the portfolio as a whole.
Recognition of Revenue from Purchased Portfolios
Revenue on portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables is accrued monthly based on each portfolio's EIR. Monthly cash flows that are greater than the cash flow forecast for the same period are recorded as an increase in revenue in the period. Conversely, monthly cash flows that are lower than the cash flow forecast for the same period are recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period. Compensation received from debt originators due to price adjustments made to purchased portfolios are recorded as an adjustment to the book value.
87

The table below sets forth an illustrative example of portfolio revenue recognition and change in portfolio carrying value under the EIR methodology under IFRS.

Illustrative example of IFRS EIR methodology monthly accounting (g in millions unless otherwise indicated)
Estimated gross return on purchased debt 180 months (%)(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . Effective Interest Rate (%)(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Effects on consolidated income statement Collections on purchased portfolios(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortization of purchased portfolios(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income from purchased portfolios(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Effects on consolidated statement of financial position Beginning of period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from purchased portfolios(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Collections on purchased portfolios(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchase of portfolios(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . End of period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

At purchase
37.3 37.3
-- --
-- 0 -- 100 100

Month 1
-- --
5.3 (2.6) 2.7
100 2.7 (5.3) -- 97.4

(1) Gross cash receipts estimate equivalent to 2.6 times cash multiple over 180 months. (2) Equivalent to 180-Month gross return on purchased debt. (3) Cash actually received in the month. (4) Difference between collections and Income from purchased portfolios. (5) Yield computed as ((1+EIR)^(1/12)-1) multiplied by purchased portfolios at the beginning of the month. If actual collections
differ from forecasted collections, the difference would be added to the computed income from purchased portfolios. (6) Portfolios are recorded at purchase cost.
The following table sets forth a reconciliation of Cash Collections from purchased loan portfolios to total income.

Collections and other revenue on purchased loans . . . . . . . . . . . Amortization and revaluation of purchased debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revenue from purchased loan portfolios . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revenue from Debt Collection and Other Services . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

237 291 315 154 157

(91) (112) (115) (54) (53)

146 179 200 100 104

240 245 248 126 121

15 -- -- -- --

401 425 447 226 226

Estimation of Cash Flow Forecasts From Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
The estimation of cash flow forecasts (i.e., ERC) is a key uncertainty within our policies on revenue recognition of purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables. We establish estimates of cash flows that determine the EIR for each purchased portfolio. The estimates are based on our collection history with respect to portfolios comprising similar attributes and characteristics, such as date of purchase, debt originator, type of receivable, debtor payment histories, debtor location, and the time since the original charge-off, as well as on our experience and the existing schedule of repayment plans on the particular portfolio for which we are determining EIR.

88

Revaluation of Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
At the end of each reporting period, currently every quarter, we evaluate portfolio forecasts to assess whether there is objective evidence that a portfolio should be subject to revaluation. Indications of negative revaluation may include a group of debtors experiencing significant financial difficulty, default of interest or principal payments, the probability that debtors will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization, and observable data indicating that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated future cash flows, such as changes in arrears or economic conditions that correlate with defaults. Conversely, there can also be positive revaluation in the event that a portfolio displays objective evidence of expected cash flows above the current forecast. During the periods under review, we have made one significant negative revaluation in Denmark in 2011, which resulted in a reduction of the carrying value of certain portfolios in the aggregate amount of e4.9 million.
We revalue the portfolios based on the rolling ERC at the revaluation date. The local management in the countries where we have operations regularly review and follow up on the portfolios. Group management carries out quarterly reviews of all portfolios with actual debt collection deviating more than 25% and e100,000 from forecasts during the last six months (cumulative). Management will also review portfolios that do not meet these thresholds, but that have been nominated for formal review by local management based on their regular review of portfolios. This structure aims to ensure that portfolios performing significantly outside of forecast will be reviewed by management. A formal review meeting is required prior to adjusting forecasts. The outcome of the review meeting may be: (i) adjustment of the forecast, which will influence the carrying value of the portfolio in our statement of financial position and the revenue in our income statement; and/or (ii) in cases of underperforming portfolios, a decision to implement actions or measures to increase the performance of the portfolio and to review the portfolio again at the next review meeting.

Key Operating Metrics for Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
During the periods under review, we have experienced significant growth in our asset base and cash flow generation, which we believe is the result of: (i) the growing volume of portfolios we have been able to purchase; (ii) our pricing discipline; and (iii) the efficiency and sophistication of our debt collection operations.
The table below sets forth an overview of our total holdings of purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables as of and for the periods indicated.

Number of active claims (in thousands) . . . . . . Face value of active claims (e in millions) . . . . . ERC (e in millions) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Carrying value of purchased debt (e in millions) Average number of monthly payments . . . . . . . Average monthly payment (e) . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

2013

3,063 9,219 1,292
525 166,357
125

3,677 11,780
1,659 658
200,247 122

3,968 12,983
1,698 675
202,299 131

For the six months ended June 30,

2013

2014

3,793 11,872
1,696 674
202,121 139

4,852 15,251
1,891 760
228,964 136

89

Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
The table below sets forth the carrying value of our holdings of purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables by country/region in euro and as a percentage of the total carrying value of our purchased portfolios as of and for the periods indicated.

Country/Region
Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finland and Eastern Europe(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

As of December 31, 2013

(g in millions) (% of total)

63

9

188

28

171

25

42

6

82

12

53

8

76

11

675

100

As of the six months ended June 30, 2014

(g in millions) (% of total)

66

9

202

26

170

23

42

6

122

16

66

9

92

11

760

100

(1) Eastern Europe consists of Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
The table below sets forth our holdings of purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables per sector in euro and as a percentage of the total carrying value of our purchased portfolios as of and for the periods indicated.

Sector
Financial institutions (including both banks and insurance companies) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retail . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Telecom . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

As of December 31, 2013
(g in millions) (%)

587

87

27

4

47

7

14

2

675

100

As of the six months ended June 30, 2014
(g in millions) (%)

661

87

31

4

52

7

16

2

760

100

For an overview of the carrying value of our holdings of purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables by country/region and per sector as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, see ``Note 4'' to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.
The table below sets forth the movement in our carrying value of purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables for the periods indicated.

Carrying value at the beginning of the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchases of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables
during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Divestments and disposals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Carrying value at the end of the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(g in millions)

497 525 658 658 675

117 235 154 84 144

0

0 (5) (5) (1)

(93) (113) (116) (55) (55)

2

1

1-- 2

2 10 (16) (8) (4)

525 658 675 674 760

As described under ``--Revenue Recognition, Revaluation of Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables and Estimation of Cash Flow Forecasts,'' the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position carrying value of purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables is based on our latest ERC forecast for our owned portfolios. As a result, we believe it is important to assess our purchased portfolios by analyzing the development of our ERC.

90

The table below sets forth our ERC on purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables by vintage as of June 30, 2014.

Vintage

0-12 13-24 25-36 37-48 49-60 61-72 73-84

<2000 . . . 2000 . . . . 2001 . . . . 2002 . . . . 2003 . . . . 2004 . . . . 2005 . . . . 2006 . . . . 2007 . . . . 2008 . . . . 2009 . . . . 2010 . . . . 2011 . . . . 2012 . . . . 2013 . . . . HI 2014 . . .

0.24 1.11 0.41 4.09 1.64 4.49 21.64 5.42 4.05 11.32 8.93 46.55 29.71 64.45 50.68 55.02

0.19 0.85 0.33 3.61 1.28 3.90 19.56 4.31 3.17 9.23 6.99 40.35 24.76 53.65 40.66 43.30

0.13 0.68 0.26 3.14 0.99 3.34 17.67 3.47 2.54 7.87 5.47 34.93 20.52 45.23 34.09 37.05

0.10 0.59 0.21 2.73 0.76 2.83 15.96 2.78 2.06 6.87 4.57 30.47 17.12 38.28 29.28 31.70

0.07 0.51 0.18 2.41 0.42 2.37 14.41 2.23 1.67 6.02 3.95 26.80 14.31 32.58 25.41 27.26

0.06 0.44 0.15 2.17 0.12 1.95 12.98 1.80 1.34 5.33 3.42 23.17 12.04 27.84 22.05 23.98

0.05 0.38 0.13 1.96 0.10 1.57 11.61 1.40 1.09 4.51 2.85 19.95 10.19 23.83 18.77 20.80

Total . . . . 309.73 256.15 217.38 186.31 160.61 138.85 119.20

85-96
0.05 0.33 0.12 1.77 0.09 1.24 10.49 1.06 0.87 3.56 2.24 17.40 8.59 20.40 16.24 17.90
102.34

97-108 109-120 121-132 133-144 145-156 157-168 169-180 ERC

0.04

0.03

0.03

0.03

0.02

0.02

0.02

1.09

0.29

0.25

0.22

0.19

0.17

0.15

0.14

6.30

0.10

0.09

0.08

0.07

0.06

0.05

0.05

2.28

1.60

1.44

1.30

1.17

1.06

0.98

0.90

30.33

0.07

0.06

0.06

0.05

0.04

0.04

0.03

5.74

1.01

0.83

0.68

0.55

0.50

0.45

0.41

26.10

8.91

6.97

5.33

3.97

3.53

3.17

2.89 159.09

0.85

0.72

0.63

0.54

0.47

0.41

0.36

26.46

0.72

0.61

0.52

0.43

0.33

0.27

0.23

19.89

2.85

2.43

2.15

1.92

1.72

1.55

1.38

68.69

1.80

1.52

1.31

1.08

0.89

0.77

0.68

46.46

15.25

13.48

11.82

10.24

9.22

8.14

7.36 315.13

7.37

6.36

5.55

4.52

3.43

2.90

2.61 169.99

17.42

14.77

12.49

10.65

9.14

8.03

7.44 386.21

13.72

11.45

9.32

7.82

6.70

5.73

4.94 296.86

15.55

13.30

11.49

10.03

8.76

7.71

6.61 330.46

87.54

74.32

62.96

53.24

46.03

40.38

36.05 1,891.07

ERC growth over time is primarily due to portfolio purchases; as we collect on existing portfolios, the ERC on these portfolios will decline. During the periods under review, there have not been any material changes in forecast expectations at the overall portfolio level. Our ERC on purchased portfolios grew from e1,292 million as of December 31, 2011 to e1,891 million as of June 30, 2014. The table below sets forth ERC on purchased portfolios as of the periods indicated.

ERC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended
June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(g in millions)

1,292 1,659 1,698 1,696 1,891

Based on our models, as of June 30, 2014, we estimate that the aggregate face value of purchased portfolios of e15 billion would generate approximately e1,891 million in gross collections over the next 180 months. We expect to receive 16.4% of these collections during the period from July 1, 2014 to June 30, 2015 and 29.9% of these collections during the period from July 1, 2014 to June 30, 2016. These expectations are based on historical data as well as assumptions about future collection rates. We can provide no assurances that we will achieve such collections within the specified time periods, if at all.

Returns on Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
While returns achieved on an individual portfolio can vary, we have a consistent record of unlevered returns on our aggregate purchased portfolios. We have experienced increased gross cash-on-cash multiples as portfolios mature. The table below sets forth certain data related to our purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables by vintage, such as purchase price, collections, ERC and gross

91

cash-on-cash multiple as of June 30, 2014. It demonstrates our ability to continue to extract value from our purchased portfolios over a long period of time.

Vintage
<2000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2001 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2003 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2004 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2005 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2006 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2007 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2008 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2010 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2011 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . H1 2014 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Purchase Price
11 11 19 57 45 41 174 70 55 89 63 223 119 231 152 143
1,502

Collections to Date

ERC

(g in millions)

43

1

58

6

34

2

135

30

173

6

106

26

362

159

147

27

93

20

139

69

95

47

274

315

147

170

199

386

63

297

10

330

2,078

1,891

Total Estimated Gross Cash-on-Cash

Collection(1)

Multiple(2)

44

4.2x

64

5.8x

36

1.9x

165

2.9x

179

4.0x

132

3.2x

521

3.0x

174

2.5x

113

2.0x

208

2.3x

142

2.3x

589

2.6x

317

2.7x

585

2.5x

360

2.4x

341

2.4x

3,969

2.6x

(1) Total Estimated Collection means the collections to date plus ERC.
(2) Gross Cash-on-Cash Multiple means the actual collections before collection costs received on a portfolio of debt and other overdue receivables to the date that the multiple is measured, plus the ERC before collection costs from the date of purchase of the portfolio, divided by the total amount paid for the portfolio at the date of purchase.

Key Operating Metrics for Debt Collection Services
The table below sets forth the total volume of our third-party debt collection services as of the periods indicated.

Number of services contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Average contract length (years) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Number of debt collection claims in stock at end of period
(thousands) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Third party debt under management at the end of period (e in
billions) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Average number of monthly payments (e in thousands) . . . . . Average payment (e) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . FTEs employed in operations working with third-party debt
collection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

As of December 31, 2013
20,000 2.4
4,622
14.7 466 545
1,474

As of June 30,

2013

2014

21,200 20,600

3.4

3.0

4,040 4,697

12.8 14.5

468

464

550

467

1,531 1,488

Description of Principal Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Line Items The following is a discussion of our key consolidated statement of financial position line items.

Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
Purchased debt consists mainly of portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables purchased at prices significantly below the nominal face value and which are recognized at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The carrying value of each portfolio corresponds to the present value of estimated gross future cash flows discounted by an EIR. The initial EIR is based on the relation between purchase cost and the projected future cash flows on the date of purchase.

92

Description of Principal Income Statement Line Items The following is a discussion of our key income statement line items.
Revenue Revenue consists mainly of fees from debtors, fees and commissions from clients relating to third-party debt collection services and revenue on purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables accrued monthly based on each portfolio's EIR. Changes in collection estimates resulting in a change in the carrying value of purchased portfolios and cash collections in the period in excess of, or below, the forecast for the period are also included here. The effects of the last two elements have been low historically. Purchases of portfolios increase our collections, although there may be a time lag between the date of purchase of the portfolio and the increase in collections resulting from the purchase of such portfolio, thus resulting in turnover being realized in a period subsequent to that of the portfolio purchase. Collections on existing portfolios tend to decrease as the portfolio age.
Other Income Other income includes gain from the sale of subsidiaries.
Employee Benefit Expense Employee benefit expense includes salary and other employee related expenses, such as vacation accruals, social security taxes and pension costs.
Legal Fee Cost We incur outlays for bailiff/court fees, summons, legal representation and enforcement authorities, which generally can be charged to and collected from debtors. Such outlays are expensed when incurred (even though collections are generated in subsequent periods), except in certain cases where we have agreements with our clients that any expenses that cannot be collected from the debtor are instead refunded by the client. In these cases, the amount that is expected to be recovered from the client is recognized as an asset in the statement of financial position.
Phone, Postage and Packaging Phone, postage and packaging includes costs related to sending collection letters, text messages and other communications in connection with establishing contact with debtors in the collection process.
Other Operating Costs Other operating costs consist primarily of costs related to premises, external IT services, debtor information services, commissions to external debt collectors, travel and consulting fees.
Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization includes the depreciation of tangible fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets for the relevant period, based on the expected economic useful life of the assets.
Finance Income Finance income includes interest on bank accounts.
Finance Costs Finance costs consist primarily of interest on loans from financial institutions, interest expense on shareholder loans, changes in market value on interest swaps and foreign exchange losses.
Income Tax Expense The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where we operate and generate taxable income. Tax positions are periodically evaluated and positions taken in
93

tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. Deferred income tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the balance sheet date between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Results of Operations
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of June 30, 2014 Compared to December 31, 2013
Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
Our purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables increased by e86 million, or 12.6%, from e675 million as of December 31, 2013 to e760 million as of June 30, 2014. The increase was driven primarily by our investment in portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, our purchased portfolios increased by e90 million, or 13.3%, as of June 30, 2014 compared to December 31, 2013. The increase in our portfolios was driven by investments in portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables of e144 million in the six months ended on June 30, 2014, offset by amortization of portfolios in the amount of e55 million.

Consolidated Income Statement for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Compared to the Six Months Ended June 30, 2013
The table below sets forth our results of operations and the period on period percentage of change for the periods indicated. Our revenue and operating expenses for the periods presented have been impacted by the sale of businesses.

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee benefit expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the six months ended June 30,

2013

Change in %

2014

(g in millions)

(g in millions)

226

0

226

--

--

--

226

0

226

(85)

4

(82)

(18)

6

(17)

(9)

0

(9)

(39)

(5)

(41)

(4)

(75)

(7)

71

(1)

70

0

n/a

0

(88)

51

(43)

(88)

51

(43)

(17)

n/a

27

3

n/a

(7)

(14)

n/a

20

(1) Finance costs consists of interest on loans from financial institutions, fair value gains and losses on financial derivatives (interest swaps), interest expense on the Subordinated Loans, net financial exchange gains/(losses) on financing activities, write down of investments in associated companies and other financial expenses. Our previous majority shareholders Investor and Altor Funds converted e533 million of the Subordinated Loans to equity with effect from July 1, 2013. See ``Note 24'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.

Revenue
Our revenue was stable at e226 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2014. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, which primarily

94

impacted revenue in Norway and Sweden, our revenue increased by e8 million, or 3.9%, in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase was driven by the acquisition of a debt collection contract in Spain, several portfolio purchases--most notably in Spain and Denmark--and positive effects of certain operational improvements. The operational improvements consisted of site consolidations in Sweden, the Netherlands and Germany and asset segmentation, in which we segmented our portfolios into ``buckets'', such as non-payers, ``big tickets'' and recent payers, and thereby increased collection efficiency.
The table below sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, our operating revenue by segment, both in euro and as a percentage of consolidated revenue, and the percentage increase or decrease in operating revenue by segment from period to period. For a discussion on our revenue by segment, see ``--Results of Operations on a Segment Basis.''

Debt collection . . . Debt purchase . . . Other services . . . Eliminations(1) . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . .

For the six months ended June 30,

2013

2014

(unaudited) (in % of revenue) (unaudited) (in % of revenue)

(g in millions)

(g in millions)

157

69.5

158

69.9

100

44.2

104

46.0

9

4.0

8

3.5

(40)

(17.7)

(45)

(19.9)

226

100.0

226

100.0

Change 2013/2014 (%)
0.6 4.0 (11.0) 12.3
0

(1) Eliminations include the inter-segment revenue generated by our debt collection department from commission charged on debt collection services carried out on portfolios we purchase.
The table below sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, our revenue by country/region (based on the location of the service provided), in euro and the percentage increase or decrease in revenue by country/region from period to period.

Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Eastern and Central Europe(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the six months ended
June 30,
2013 2014
(unaudited) (g in millions)
76 71 29 28 30 30 21 18 24 28
8 10 39 41
226 226

Change 2013/2014
(%)
(6.6) (3.5)
0 (14.3) 16.7 25.0
5.1
0

(1) Eastern and Central Europe consist of Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania whereof the share of the regions total revenue in Russia was 2.3% for the six months ended June 30, 2014 (compared to 0.6% as of June 30, 2013).
Employee Benefit Expense
Our employee benefit expense decreased by e3 million, or 3.2%, from e85 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e82 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, employee benefit expense decreased from 37.4% in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to 36.3% in the six months ended June 30, 2014. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, employee benefit expense increased by e0.4 million, or 0.5%, in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase was driven by salary increases and partially offset by FTE reductions.
Legal Fee Cost
Our legal fee cost decreased by e0.6 million, or 3.3%, from e17.7 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e17.1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, legal

95

fee cost decreased from 7.8% in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to 7.6% in the six months ended June 30, 2014. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, legal fee cost increased by e0.4 million, or 2.3%, in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase was driven by increased volume and activity level, which affected our legal fee cost as a larger portion of claims moved into the legal phase.
Phone, Postage and Packaging
Our phone, postage and packaging expense decreased by e0.1 million, or 1.5%, from e9.5 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e9.3 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, phone, postage and packaging expense decreased from 4.2% in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to 4.1% in the six months ended June 30, 2014. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, phone, postage and packaging expense increased by e0.2 million, or 2.5%, in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase was driven by increased volume.
Other Operating Costs
Our other operating costs increased by e2 million, or 5.5%, from e39 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e41 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, other operating costs increased from 17.2% in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to 18.2% in the six months ended June 30, 2014. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, other operating costs increased by e4 million, or 9.7%, in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase was mainly due to an increase in commissions paid to external debt collectors, which we incur when we purchase a portfolio already outsourced to a third-party collection company and we determine that it is the most efficient to maintain this outsourcing relationship.
Depreciation and Amortization
Depreciation and amortization increased by e2.7 million, or 65.3%, from e4.1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e6.7 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation and amortization increased from 1.8% in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to 3.0% in the six months ended June 30, 2014. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, depreciation and amortization increased by e2.8 million, or 71.7%, in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase was due to amortization of the collection contract acquired in Spain.
Net Finance Costs
Our net finance costs decreased by e45 million, or 51.2%, from e88 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e43 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was primarily attributable to a reduction in the interest expenses on shareholder loans of e 27.5 million, or 64.2%, following the conversion of a portion of the Subordinated Loans from debt to equity, and a decrease in the underlying interest rates applicable to our credit facilities.
Income Tax Expense
Our income tax expense increased by e10 million, from a negative expense of e3 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to an expense of e7 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014, due to the improvement in our operating profit in the six months ended June 30, 2014.
Net Profit/(Loss) for the Period
We recognized a net loss of e14 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 and a net profit of e20 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014.
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of December 31, 2013 Compared to December 31, 2012
Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
Our purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables increased by e17 million, or 2.6%, from e658 million as of December 31, 2012 to e675 million as of December 31, 2013. Excluding the effect of
96

foreign currency translation, our purchased portfolios increased by e33 million, or 5.2%, as of December 31, 2013 compared to December 31, 2012. The increase in our portfolios was driven primarily by portfolio purchases of e154 million, offset by amortization of portfolios in the amount of e116 million and the put back (meaning a forced repurchase by the seller e.g., due to inaccurate information having been provided by the seller in relation to the original purchase) of a portfolio in Spain in the amount of e5 million.

Consolidated Income Statement for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2012
The table below sets forth our results of operations and the period on period percentage of change for the periods indicated. Our revenue and operating expenses for the periods presented have been impacted by the sale of businesses.

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee benefit expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

2012

Change in %

2013

(g in millions)

(g in millions)

425

5.2

447

--

--

--

425

5.2

447

(167)

(1.8)

(170)

(34)

(2.9)

(35)

(19)

0

(19)

(79)

(5.1)

(83)

(9)

(11.1)

(10)

117 2
(153)

11.1 (50) 16.3

130 1
(128)

(151)

15.9

(127)

(34)

n/a

3

15

n/a

(21)

(19)

5.3

(18)

(1) Finance costs consist of interest on loans from financial institutions, fair value gains and losses on financial derivatives (interest swaps), interest expense on the Subordinated Loans, net financial exchange gains/(losses) on financing activities, write down of investments in associated companies and other financial expenses. Our previous majority shareholders Investor and Altor Funds converted e533 million of the Subordinated Loans to equity with effect from July 1, 2013. See ``Note 24'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.
Revenue
Our revenue increased by e22 million, or 5.2%, from e425 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e447 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, our revenue increased by e28 million, or 6.9%, in the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by the increase of the number of third-party portfolios serviced by our debt collection teams and increased collection on our purchased portfolios as a result of acquisitions of Collection Platforms and portfolio purchases, as well as a full year of collections being carried out on the significant portfolios purchased throughout 2012. Spain experienced very strong growth due to several portfolio purchases and Collection Platform acquisitions coupled with outsourcing agreements. Our Dutch and German operations also grew considerably due to acquisitions of Collection Platforms and portfolios. Our underlying revenue growth in the Nordic region has been stable. However, headline numbers show a slight decline due to the effects of discontinued operations. On an underlying basis, we have experienced stable growth in Finland and Norway, while revenue has declined in Sweden and Denmark due largely to restructuring initiatives, largely the closure of certain non-core operations.

97

The table below sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, our operating revenue by segment, both in euro and as a percentage of consolidated revenue, and the percentage increase or decrease in operating revenue by segment from period to period. For a discussion on our revenue by segment, see ``--Results of Operations on a Segment Basis.''

Debt collection . . . . . . . . Debt purchase . . . . . . . . Other services . . . . . . . . . Eliminations(1) . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

2012

2013

(g in millions) (in % of revenue) (g in millions) (in % of revenue)

291

68.5

313

70.0

179

42.1

200

44.7

29

6.8

19

4.3

(75)

(17.6)

(84)

(18.8)

425

100.0

447

100.0

Change 2012/2013
(%)
7.6 11.7 (34.5) (12.0)
5.2

(1) Eliminations include the inter-segment revenue generated by our debt collection department from commission charged on debt collection services carried out on portfolios we purchase.
The table below sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, our revenue by country/region (based on the location of the service provided), in euro and the percentage increase or decrease in revenue by country/region from period to period.

Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finland and Eastern Europe(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended
December 31,
2012 2013
(g in millions)
154 150 65 56 20 16 36 45 50 58 18 38 81 84
425 447

Change 2012/2013
(%)
(2.6) (13.8) (20.0) 25.0 16.0 111.1
3.7
5.2

(1) Eastern Europe consists of Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania whereof the share of the region's total revenue in Russia was 1% for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2% for the year ended December 31, 2012.
Employee Benefit Expense
Our employee benefit expense increased by e3 million, or 1.8%, from e167 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e170 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. As a percentage of revenue, employee benefit expense decreased from 39.3% in the year ended December 31, 2012 to 38.0% in the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was driven by restructuring costs incurred in connection with the restructuring of our organization with the aim of realizing cost reductions and the related closure of certain non-core operations in Germany, Sweden and the Netherlands, as well as the acquisition of Solveon Incasso B.V. in the Netherlands in December 2012, which increased our FTEs. The increase was offset by the execution of an efficiency initiative that reduced the number of FTEs, the early effects of which were realized towards the end of 2013. Employee benefit expense as a percentage of revenue, however, decreased as we maintained control of our employee benefit expense despite the expansion of our business.
Legal Fee Cost
Our legal fee cost increased by e0.5 million, or by 1.4%, from e34.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e34.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. As a percentage of revenue, legal fee cost decreased from 8.1% in the year ended December 31, 2012 to 7.8% in the year ended December 31, 2013. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, legal fee cost increased by e1.4 million, or 4.2%, in the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by the continued growth of our business, including an increase in portfolio purchases in the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31,

98

2012, and increased costs in Finland due to collection fees permitted to be charged to debtors being reduced through new legislation. See ``--Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations--Regulatory Considerations'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to our Industry and Business--We are subject to regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate and changes to the regulatory environments in which we operate or a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and codes of practice may negatively affect our business.'' Legal fee cost as a percentage of revenue, however, decreased as a result of an increase in the number of debtors that repaid their claims voluntarily without having to initiate legal proceedings.
Phone, Postage and Packaging
Our phone, postage and packaging expense remained stable at e19 million in the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. As a percentage of revenue, phone, postage and packaging expense decreased from 4.4% in the year ended December 31, 2012 to 4.1% in the year ended December 31, 2013. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, phone, postage and packaging expense also remained stable at e18 million in the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease as a percentage of revenue was driven by the implementation of more efficient collection methods, such as text messages and other automated processes, including the Group wide roll-out of automated collection systems, offset by the timing of purchases during 2012, with a number of portfolios purchased during the year closing in the fourth quarter, thus resulting in a large percentage of our costs for phone, postage and packaging following these purchases being incurred in 2013.
Other Operating Costs
Our other operating costs increased by e4 million, or 5.1%, from e79 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e83 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. As a percentage of revenue, other operating costs remained stable at 18.6% in the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was driven by additional facility rental charges and other restructuring costs incurred in connection with the restructuring of our operations, primarily in Germany, Spain and Sweden, and by additional IT costs incurred in connection with the transitioning of certain IT platforms to our IT outsourcing provider as part of the consolidation of all of our IT operations to one of the global datacenters of this provider. The increase was offset by lower consulting fees. Other operating costs as a percentage of revenue decreased, however, as we began to realize the benefits of the restructurings and the transitioning of our IT platforms.
Depreciation and Amortization
Depreciation and amortization increased by e1 million, or 13.5%, from e9 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e10 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation and amortization increased from 2.2% in the year ended December 31, 2012 to 2.3% in the year ended December 31, 2013. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, depreciation and amortization increased by e1 million, or 15.8%, in the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by the acquisition of a Collection Platform in Spain, for which the part of the purchase price that exceeds the book value of the acquired assets is allocated to our consolidated statement of financial position as an intangible asset and amortized during the stipulated contract period.
Net Finance Costs
Our net finance costs decreased by e24 million, or 15.9%, from e151 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e127 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily attributable to a conversion of part of the Subordinated Loans to equity, amounting to e533 million, including accrued interest of e64 million. The conversion of the Subordinated Loans was carried out with effect from July 1, 2013, to restore the equity level in the Company.
Income Tax Expense
Our income tax expense increased by e36 million, from a negative expense of e15 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to an expense of e21 million in the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily
99

as a result of a e13 million settlement with the Norwegian tax authorities in 2013 related to tax deductions of interest on group internal loans for the years 2008-2012.

Net Profit/(Loss) for the Period
We recognized a net loss of e19 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 and a net loss of e18 million in the year ended December 31, 2013.

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of December 31, 2012 Compared to December 31, 2011
Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables
Our purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables increased by e133 million, or 25.3%, from e525 million as of December 31, 2011 to e658 million as of December 31, 2012. The increase in our portfolios was driven by the purchase of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany, which was the largest NPL portfolio we have purchased and was, we believe, at the time of the purchase the largest purchase of an unsecured NPL portfolio carried out in Europe in the ten years preceding the purchase. The increase was offset by amortization of portfolios in the amount of e113 million.

Consolidated Income Statement for the Year Ended December 31, 2012 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2011
The table below sets forth our results of operations and the period on period percentage of change for the periods indicated. Our revenue and operating expenses for the periods presented have been impacted by the sale of businesses.

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee benefit expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/(loss) for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

2011

Change in %

2012

(g in millions)

(g in millions)

386

10.1

425

15(1)

n/a

--

401

6

425

(156)

(7.1)

(167)

(35)

2.9

(34)

(18)

(5.6)

(19)

(67)

(17.9)

(79)

(9)

0

(9)

115 1
(148)

1.7 100 (3.4)

117 2
(153)

(146)

(3.4)

(151)

(31)

(9.7)

(34)

7

114.3

15

(24)

20.8

(19)

(1) e15 million gain from the sale of subsidiaries.
Revenue
Our revenue increased by e39 million, or 10.1%, from e386 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e425 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by the increase of the number of third-party portfolios serviced by our debt collection teams and the purchase of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany. Spain experienced very strong growth due to several portfolio purchases and Collection Platform acquisitions coupled with outsourcing agreements. Our Dutch and German operations grew considerably due to acquisitions of Collection Platforms and portfolios. The increase was offset by a decline in revenue in the Nordic region, where increasing our debt collection market share is challenging due to our market leading position, as well as by pricing pressure in the debt purchase market. Our underlying revenue growth in the Nordic region

100

has been stable. However, headline numbers show a slight decline due to the effects of discontinued operations. On an underlying basis, we have experienced stable growth in Finland and Norway, while revenue has declined in Sweden and Denmark due largely to restructuring initiatives, largely the closure of certain non-core operations.
The table below sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, our operating revenue and other income by segment, both in euro and as a percentage of consolidated revenue, and the percentage increase or decrease in operating revenue by segment from period to period. For a discussion on our revenue by segment, see ``--Results of Operations on a Segment Basis.''

Debt collection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Debt purchase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Eliminations(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

2011

2012

(g in millions)
257 146
51 (53)

(in % of revenue)
64.1 36.4 12.7 (13.2)

(g in millions)
291 179
29 (75)

(in % of revenue)
68.5 42.1
6.8 (17.6)

401(2)

100.0

425

100.0

Change 2011/2012
(%)
13.2 22.6 (43.1) (41.5)
6.0

(1) Eliminations include the inter-segment revenue generated by our debt collection department from commission charged on debt collection services carried out on portfolios we purchase.
(2) Includes other income consisting of a gain from the sale of subsidiaries of e15 million in 2011.
The table below sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, our revenue and other income by country/ region (based on the location of the service provided), in euro and the percentage increase or decrease in revenue by country/region from period to period.

Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finland and Eastern Europe(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended
December 31,
2011 2012
(g in millions)
173(1) 154 69 65 21 20 13 36 28 50 19 18 79 81
401 425

Change 2011/2012
(%)
(11.0) (5.8) (4.8)
177.0 78.6 (5.3) 2.5
6.0

(1) Includes other income consisting of a gain from the sale of subsidiaries of e15 million in 2011.
(2) Eastern Europe consists of Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania whereof the share of the region's total revenue in Russia was 2% for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 1% for the year ended December 31, 2011.
Employee Benefit Expense
Our employee benefit expense increased by e11 million, or 7.1%, from e156 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e167 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. As a percentage of revenue, excluding other income, employee benefit expense decreased from 40.4% in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 39.3% in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by the acquisition of Reintegra Comercial Espan~a S.A. in Spain. Employee benefit expense as a percentage of revenue, however, decreased as we maintained control of our employee benefit expense related to the growth generated by the acquisition of Reintegra Comercial Espan~a S.A, offset by a relatively high share of total FTEs (approximately 53%) being located in the Nordic region, where employee expenses are higher and thus even modest salary growth has significant impact on total employee benefit expense.

101

Legal Fee Cost
Our legal fee cost decreased by e1 million, or 1.9%, from e35 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e34 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. As a percentage of revenue, legal fee cost decreased from 8.7% in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 8.1% in the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease was driven by an increase in the number of debtors that repaid their claims voluntarily without us having to initiate legal proceedings.
Phone, Postage and Packaging
Our phone, postage and packaging expense increased by e1 million, or 4.0%, from e18 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e19 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. As a percentage of revenue, phone, postage and packaging expense decreased from 4.5% in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 4.4% in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by an increase in portfolio purchases in the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended December 31, 2011, as we incur a large percentage of our costs for phone, postage and packaging during the booking-on phase immediately following a portfolio purchase. Phone, postage and packaging expense as a percentage of revenue, however, decreased as a result of the implementation of more efficient collection methods, such as text messages and other automated processes.
Other Operating Costs
Our other operating costs increased by e12 million, or 17.9%, from e67 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e79 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. As a percentage of revenue, excluding other income, other operating costs increased from 17.4% in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 18.6% in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by increased IT costs incurred in preparation of the outsourcing of our IT platform and by an increase in commission fees to external debt collectors related to the purchase in March 2012 of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany, offset by lower consulting fees.
Depreciation and Amortization
Depreciation and amortization remained stable at e9 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation and amortization decreased from 2.3% in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 2.2% in the year ended December 31, 2012.
Net Finance Costs
Our net finance costs increased by e5 million, or 3.4%, from e146 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e151 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in utilization of our credit facility.
Income Tax Expense
Our income tax expense decreased by e8 million, from a negative expense of e7 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to a negative expense of e15 million in the year ended December 31, 2012, primarily as a result of additional recognition of tax losses carried forward in Sweden.
Net Profit/(Loss) for the Period
We recognized a net loss of e24 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 and a net loss of e19 million in the year ended December 31, 2012.
Results of Operations on a Segment Basis
We have determined our operating segments based on the information we review for purposes of allocating our resources and assessing our performance. Revenue from external parties reported to our management is measured in a consistent manner in the income statement. We assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of ``Gross Contribution,'' which we define as total operating revenue of the segments less direct operating expenses of the segments, which include all direct costs related to the execution of collection processes and exclude costs related to IT and selling, general and administrative expense. Sales between segments are carried out at arm's length. For a
102

reconciliation of Gross Contribution on a segment basis to Group profit and loss before tax, see ``Note 5'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.
Our inter-segment collection of debt is organized and allocated according to a blueprint model in one operational entity. Costs are allocated either to debt purchase or to debt collection according to actual resource consumption (``ABC costing'') or based on the number of FTEs involved. Our debt collection department services the portfolios we purchase. These services are charged based on actual resource consumption as if they were carried out between third parties, generating a reasonable profit for the debt collection segment. There are a number of Group IT projects and services that are organized as a shared function. These costs are charged to the segments in each country on an arm's length basis, applying segment or total revenue as allocation key. Costs for employees in our debt purchase department are booked in the debt purchase segment.

Consolidated Income Statement for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Compared to the Six Months Ended June 30, 2013
The tables below set forth, for each of the periods indicated, our revenue by segment and a reconciliation of the segments' main captions from profit and loss to Gross Contribution.

Revenue from external customers . . . Inter-segment revenue(1) . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables .
Total operating revenue . . . . . . . . . Direct operating expense(2) . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution margin (%) . . . . .

For the six months ended June 30, 2014

Eliminations and Debt collection Debt purchase Other unallocated items

(g in millions)

113

103

8

--

45

--

--

(45)

--

2

--

--

158

104

8

(45)

(93)

(48)

(7)

45

65

56

1

--

41.1

53.8

12.5

--

Total
224 -- 2
226 (103) 122
54

Revenue from external customers . . . Inter-segment revenue(1) . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables .
Total operating revenue . . . . . . . . . Direct operating expense(2) . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution margin (%) . . . . .

For the six months ended June 30, 2013

Eliminations and Debt collection Debt purchase Other unallocated items

(g in millions)

117

99

9

--

40

--

--

(40)

--

--

--

--

157

100

9

(40)

(89)

(44)

(7)

40

67

56

2

--

42.7

56.0

22.2

--

Total
225 -- --
226 (101) 125
55

(1) Inter-segment revenue includes the revenue generated by our debt collection department from commission charged on debt collection services carried out on portfolios we purchase. The cost for this commission is recorded as a direct operating expense for our debt purchase department, together with certain other costs. These items are eliminated from the respective segments and recorded under eliminations and unallocated items.
(2) Direct operating expense includes all direct costs related to the execution of collection processes and excludes costs related to IT and selling, general and administrative expense.

Total Operating Revenue
An analysis of our revenue by segment is set forth below:
Debt collection: The operating revenue of our debt collection segment increased by e1 million, or 0.8%, from e157 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e158 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. The increase was driven by the acquisition of a collection contract in Spain, offset by currency effects in Norway and Sweden. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation and inter-

103

segment revenue, debt collection revenue from external customers increased by e2 million, or 1.7%, in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2013.
Debt purchase: The operating revenue of our debt purchase segment increased by e4 million, or 4%, from e100 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e104 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation and revaluation of loans and receivables, debt purchase revenue from external customers increased by e6 million, or 6.0%, in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase was driven mainly by new investments in portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables and operational improvements.
Other services: Operating revenue from other services decreased by e1 million, or 11.1%, from e9 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e8 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. The increase was driven by negative currency effects in Norway and the sale of a subsidiary in Germany in December 2013.

Gross Contribution
An analysis of our Gross Contribution by segment is set forth below:
Debt collection: Our Gross Contribution for debt collection decreased by e2 million, or 3.0%, from e67 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e65 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was driven by increased staff cost due to an increase in our FTEs and negative foreign currency effects. These were partly mitigated by the effects of operational improvements implemented in 2013, consisting of site consolidations in Sweden, the Netherlands and Germany and asset segmentation, in which we segmented our portfolios into ``buckets'', such as non-payers, ``big tickets'' and recent payers, and thereby increased collection efficiency. Our Gross Contribution margin (Gross Contribution as a percentage of total operating revenue) for debt collection decreased from 42.7% to 41.1% in the same period.
Debt purchase: Our Gross Contribution for debt purchase increased remained stable at e56.0 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2014. New investments in portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables and operational improvements, such as asset segmentation, were offset by increased commission rates in Sweden and the Netherlands. Our Gross Contribution margin for debt purchase decreased from 56.0% in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to 53.8% in the six months ended June 30, 2014.
Other services: Our Gross Contribution for other services decreased by e1 million, or 50%, from e2 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was driven by negative currency effects in Norway and the sale of a subsidiary in Germany in December 2013, offset by improved performance of product offerings, particularly Invoice and Webinvoice.

Consolidated Income Statement for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2012
The tables below set forth, for each of the periods indicated, our revenue by segment and a reconciliation of the segments' main captions from profit and loss to Gross Contribution.

Revenue from external customers . . . Inter-segment revenue(1) . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables .
Total operating revenue . . . . . . . . . Direct operating expense(2) . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution margin (%) . . . . .

For the year ended December 31, 2013

Eliminations and Debt collection Debt purchase Other unallocated items

(g in millions unless otherwise indicated)

228

199

19

--

84

--

--

(84)

--

1

--

--

313

200

19

(84)

(185)

(91)

(15)

84

128

109

3

--

40.9

54.5

15.8

--

Total
446 -- 1
447 (207) 240
--

104

Revenue from external customers . . . Inter-segment revenue(1) . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total operating revenue . . . . . . . . . Direct operating expense(2) . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution margin (%) . . . . .

For the year ended December 31, 2012

Eliminations and Debt collection Debt purchase Other unallocated items

(g in millions unless otherwise indicated)

216

178

29

--

75

--

--

(75)

--

1

--

--

--

--

--

--

291

179

29

(75)

(172)

(83)

(28)

75

119

97

2

--

40.9

54.2

6.9

--

Total
424 -- 1 --
425 (207) 218
--

(1) Inter-segment revenue includes the revenue generated by our debt collection department from commission charged on debt collection services carried out on portfolios we purchase. The cost for this commission is recorded as a direct operating expense for our debt purchase department, together with certain other costs. These items are eliminated from the respective segments and recorded under eliminations and unallocated items.
(2) Direct operating expense includes all direct costs related to the execution of collection processes and excludes costs related to IT and selling, general and administrative expense.

Total Operating Revenue
An analysis of our revenue by segment is set forth below:
Debt collection: The operating revenue of our debt collection segment increased by e22 million, or 7.6%, from e291 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e313 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation and inter-segment revenue, debt collection revenue from external customers increased by e21 million, or 11.9%, in the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was mainly driven by the increase of the number of third-party portfolios serviced, including as a result of our acquisition in December 2012 of Solveon Incasso B.V, which provided us with a solid footprint in the financial institutions sector in the Netherlands by acquiring a Collection Platform and entering into a long-term service agreement to provide debt collection services to a major Dutch financial institution. The increase was offset by decline in revenue in the Nordic region, where increasing our debt collection market share is challenging due to our market-leading position.
Debt purchase: The operating revenue of our debt purchase segment increased by e20 million, or 11.3%, from e179 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e200 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. Excluding the effect of foreign currency translation and revaluation of loans and receivables, debt purchase revenue from external customers increased by e21 million, or 11.8%, in the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. While debt purchase revenue from external customers increased during the year, due primarily to increased collection on our portfolios and a full year of collections being carried out on the significant portfolios purchased throughout 2012, our growth in this area was offset by the timing of purchases during the year, with a number of portfolios purchased during the year closing in the fourth quarter, thus generating only limited revenue in 2013. The increase was also offset by pricing pressure driven partly by new market participants, for example in Spain, Finland and Germany, who were willing to purchase portfolios at estimated return on purchased debt levels in certain bid processes that were below our return on purchased debt target rate.
Other services: Operating revenue from other services decreased by e11 million, or 36.5%, from e29 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e19 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was mainly driven by divestments of certain non-core activities and smaller businesses. Excluding the effect of these divestments, our revenue from other services grew, due primarily to continued growth from the launch of new products in the European markets, such as Invoice and Webinvoice, and increased demand for local products in certain jurisdictions, such as loan administration in Norway.

105

Gross Contribution
An analysis of our Gross Contribution by segment is set forth below:
Debt collection: Our Gross Contribution for debt collection increased by e9 million, or 7.6%, from e119 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e128 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was driven by the increase of the number of third-party portfolios serviced, including as a result of our acquisition in December 2012 of Solveon Incasso B.V, offset by slower growth in the Nordic region. Our Gross Contribution margin for debt collection remained stable at 40.9%.
Debt purchase: Our Gross Contribution for debt purchase increased by e12 million, or 12.1%, from e97 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e109 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was driven primarily by increased collection on our portfolios and a full year of collections being carried out on the significant portfolios purchased throughout 2012, offset by the timing of purchases during the year, with a number of portfolios purchased during the year closing in the fourth quarter, thus generating only limited revenue in 2013. Our Gross Contribution margin for debt purchase increased slightly from 54.2% in the year ended December 31, 2012 to 54.5% in the year ended December 31, 2013.
Other services: Our Gross Contribution for other services increased by e1.9 million, or 122.1%, from e1.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e3.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was driven by the decreased operating expenses attributable to certain divested non-core activities and smaller businesses.

Consolidated Income Statement for the Year Ended December 31, 2012 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2011
The tables below set forth, for each of the periods indicated, our revenue by segment and a reconciliation of the segments' main captions from profit and loss to Gross Contribution.

Revenue from external customers . . . Inter-segment revenue(1) . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total operating revenue . . . . . . . . . Direct operating expense(2) . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution margin (%) . . . . .

For the year ended December 31, 2012

Eliminations and Debt collection Debt purchase Other unallocated items

(g in millions unless otherwise indicated)

216

178

29

--

75

--

--

(75)

--

1

--

--

--

--

--

--

291

179

29

(75)

(172)

(83)

(28)

75

119

97

2

--

40.9

54.2

6.9

--

Total
424 -- 1 --
425 (207) 218
--

Revenue from external customers . . . Inter-segment revenue(1) . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenue and other income . . . Direct operating expense(2) . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Contribution margin (%) . . . . .

For the year ended December 31, 2011

Eliminations and Debt collection Debt purchase Other unallocated items

(g in millions unless otherwise indicated)

204

144

36

--

53

--

--

(53)

--

2

--

--

--

--

15

--

257

146

51

(53)

(156)

(53)

(35)

53

101

93

16

--

39.3

63.7

31.4

--

Total
384 -- 2 15
401 (191) 210
--

(1) Inter-segment revenue includes the revenue generated by our debt collection department from commission charged on debt collection services carried out on portfolios we purchase. The cost for this commission is recorded as a direct operating expense for our debt purchase department, together with certain other costs. These items are eliminated from the respective segments and recorded under eliminations and unallocated items.
(2) Direct operating expense includes all direct costs related to the execution of collection processes and excludes costs related to IT and selling, general and administrative expense.

106

Total Operating Revenue
An analysis of our revenue by segment is set forth below:
Debt collection: The operating revenue of our debt collection segment increased by e34 million, or 13.2%, from e257 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e291 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was mainly driven by the increase of the number of third-party portfolios serviced by our debt collection teams. The increase was offset by decline in revenue in the Nordic region where increasing our debt collection market share and thus revenue is challenging due to our market leading position.
Debt purchase: The operating revenue of our debt purchase segment increased by e33.9 million, or 23.3%, from e145.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e179.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was mainly driven by the purchase of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany, which was the largest NPL portfolio we have ever purchased and was, we believe, at the time of the purchase the largest purchase of an unsecured NPL portfolio carried out in Europe in the ten years preceding the purchase.
Other services: Operating revenue from other services decreased by e21.2 million, or 41.8%, from e50.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e29.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease was mainly driven by divestments of certain non-core activities and smaller businesses, including the effect of gain from the sale of subsidiaries, which increased operating revenue by e15 million in the year ended December 31, 2011. Excluding the effect of these divestments, our revenue from other services grew, due primarily to continued growth from the launch of new products in the European markets, such as Invoice and Webinvoice, and increased demand for local products in certain jurisdictions, such as loan administration in Norway.
Gross Contribution
An analysis of our Gross Contribution by segment is set forth below:
Debt collection: Our Gross Contribution for debt collection increased by e18 million, or 17.8%, from e101 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e119 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by the increase of the number of third-party portfolios serviced by our debt collection teams. Our Gross Contribution margin for debt collection increased from 39.3% in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 40.9% in the year ended December 31, 2012.
Debt purchase: Our Gross Contribution for debt purchase increased by e4.3 million, or 4.7%, from e92.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e96.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by the purchase of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany. Our Gross Contribution ratio for debt purchase decreased from 63.6% in the year ended December 31, 2011 to 54.0% in the year ended December 31, 2012.
Other services: Our Gross Contribution for other services decreased by e14.5 million, or 90.4%, from e16.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e1.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was mainly driven by divestments of certain non-core activities and smaller businesses.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity requirements consist mainly of debt and tax servicing requirements and funding of our purchases of portfolios, capital expenditure and working capital. Historically, our principal sources of liquidity have been our net cash generated from operating activities (before portfolio purchases) and borrowings under our Existing Credit Facilities, which will be repaid in full on or prior to the Completion Date, and the Subordinated Loans, which will either be repaid in full (in the case of the Existing Vendor Loan) or become an inter-company loan (in the case of the Mezzanine Facility) on or prior to the Completion Date. Going forward, our principal sources of liquidity will be our net cash generated from operating activities (before portfolio purchases) and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. We intend to draw e50 million under the Revolving Credit Facility on the Completion Date to finance part of the Acquisition.
While our collections have historically been predictable throughout the year, our debt purchase activity can vary greatly from one quarter to the next. This is driven by the timing of one-off debt sales by vendors during the year, the timing of which we do not control, along with our own desire to purchase a portfolio
107

at a given point in time. This could lead to volatility in our cash balances quarter on quarter. For example, we made a major portfolio purchase in the first quarter of 2012. This resulted in our portfolio purchases amounting to e142 million in the first quarter, compared with e26 million, e19 million and e47.8 million, respectively, for the three subsequent quarters.
Our ability to generate cash from our operations depends on our future operating performance, which is in turn dependent, to some extent, on general economic, financial, competitive, market, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, as well as other factors discussed in the section titled ``Risk Factors.''

Working Capital
It is our assessment that the available working capital is sufficient to meet our requirements for a period of twelve months from the date of this Offering Memorandum.

Cash Flows
The following table sets forth the principal components of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 and the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013.

Net cash generated from operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net cash from/(used in) financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at period end . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,

For the six months ended June 30,

2011 2012 2013 2013 2014

(unaudited) (g in millions)

89 186 222 90 92

(119) (237) (224) (99) (163)

(14) 65

1 3 78

(44) 14 (2) (6)

8

49 60 52 53 60

Net cash generated from operating activities
Our net cash generated from operating activities increased by e2 million from net cash generated from operating activities of e90 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e92 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. The increase in net cash generated from operating activities was due primarily to changes in working capital due to the timing of payments on accounts payable and accounts receivable, offset by the payment of a e13 million settlement reached with the Norwegian tax authorities related to the interpretation of historic tax deductions of interest on internal group loans.
Our net cash generated from operating activities increased by e36 million from net cash generated from operating activities of e186 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e222 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase was primarily due to an increase in results from operating activities, which increased from e117 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e130 million in the year ended December 31, 2013, driven by increased collections. In addition, our cash generated from operating activities increased in 2013 due to net changes in working capital of e3 million and interest paid, which decreased from e51 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e42 million in the year ended December 31, 2013, driven by lower interest paid on our credit facility.
Our net cash generated from operating activities was e89 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to e186 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. This increase in net cash generated from operating activities was primarily due to increased portfolio activity as a result of our purchase of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany in 2012, which was the largest NPL portfolio we have purchased. The increase in net cash generated from operating activities was offset by decrease of other current liabilities, which decreased by e47 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 and decreased by only e3 million in the year ended December 31, 2012.
Net cash used in investing activities
Our net cash used in investing activities increased by e64 million from net cash used in investing activities of e99 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e163 million in the six months ended

108

June 30, 2014. The increase in our net cash used in investing activities was due primarily to an increase in portfolio investment of e48 million, or 50%, from e95 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e143 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014
Our net cash used in investing activities decreased by e13 million from net cash used in investing activities of e237 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e224 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in our net cash used in investing activities was due primarily to a decrease in cash spent on acquisition of financial assets of e45 million, or 21.2%, from e212 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e167 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was driven by a reduction in portfolio purchases in 2013, as 2012 included the purchase of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was offset by an increase in 2013 in cash spent on acquisition of intangible fixed assets, driven by the acquisition of a Collection Platform in Spain, for which the purchase price exceeding the book value of the assets was allocated as an intangible asset.
Our net cash used in investing activities increased by e118 million from net cash used in investing activities of e119 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e237 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in our net cash used in investing activities was primarily related to an increase in cash spent on acquisition of financial assets of e98 million, or 86.0%, from e114 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to e212 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was driven by increased portfolio purchases, as 2012 included the purchase of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany, which was the largest NPL portfolio we have purchased.
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities
Our net cash from financing activities was e3 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 compared to e78 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014. The increase in net cash from financing activities was primarily due to financing of portfolio purchases.
Our net cash from financing activities was e65 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to e1 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in net cash from financing activities was primarily related to a decrease in long-term liabilities, driven by a reduction in portfolio purchases, as drawdowns under our credit facility are recorded as long-term liabilities and 2012 included the purchase of a major portfolio from one of the largest financial institutions in Germany, which was the largest NPL portfolio we have purchased.
Our net cash used in financing activities was e14 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to net cash from financing activities of e65 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in net cash from financing activities was primarily due to financing of portfolio purchases.
Capital Expenditure
Our capital expenditure (excluding portfolio acquisitions and carve-outs) consists mainly of: (i) IT hardware; (ii) IT software and development; and (iii) Collection Platforms, for which the part of the purchase price that exceeds the book value of the acquired assets is booked as an acquisition of an intangible fixed asset. Our capital expenditure increased by e10.2 million, from e5.1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2013 to e20 million in the six months ended June 30, 2014, due primarily to capitalized costs related to new functionality in collections systems, enhancing our ID platform and investment in new premises.
Our capital expenditure increased by e47 million, from e12 million in the year ended December 31, 2012 to e59 million in the year ended December 31, 2013, due primarily to the acquisition of a Collection Platform in Spain. Our capital expenditure in the year ended December 31, 2012 remained stable at e10 to e11 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2011.
Certain Indebtedness After Giving Effect to the Offering
On an adjusted basis after giving effect to the issuance of the Notes and the application of proceeds of the Offering as described in ``Use of Proceeds,'' as of June 30, 2014, our total financial indebtedness would have been e1,452.5 million. In addition, on or before the Issue Date, we will enter into the Revolving Credit Facility in the amount of e225 million. To the extent additional sources are required on closing of the Acquisition, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (up to
109

an amount of e50 million) and/or additional equity. We will be highly leveraged upon completion of the issuance of the Notes and application of the proceeds of the Offering.
For a description of the material terms of our existing long-term financing arrangements and our anticipated long-term financing arrangements, see ``Description of Other Indebtedness,'' ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes.''

Certain Other Contractual Obligations
We use operating assets through operating lease agreements, including leases for our headquarters and other offices. The table below sets forth aggregated minimum lease payments under our non-cancellable operating leases.

Operating leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

As of December 31, 2013

Due between

Due within one year and Due after

one year

five years five years

(g in millions)

10

26

13

The table below sets forth aggregated minimum lease payments under our non-cancellable operating leases by classification.

Lease agreements, premises . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other lease agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

As of December 31,
2013
(g in millions)
46 4

Other Financial Obligations: Pension Obligations
For a description of certain pension plans and obligations, see ``Note 27'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements
We purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables by way of forward flow agreements whereby we purchase non-performing debt based upon contracts that require us to make multiple purchases from a vendor at a fixed price. We typically enter into forward flow agreements with financial institutions. We invested e54 million, e44 million and e35 million, respectively, in forward flow in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 to forward flow arrangements. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry--Failure to renew existing debt collection contracts, win new debt collection contracts, replace terminated forward flow agreements or successfully manage our commitments under forward flow agreements may adversely affect our revenue'' and ``Our Business-- Operations and Service Offerings--Debt Purchasing--Debt Purchase Commercial Process.''
We are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditure or capital resources.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Financial Risk Management
See ``Note 4'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum for additional information on our exposure to market risk and the risk of loss that may result from the potential change in exchange rates, interest levels, refinancing and credit risks.

Market Risk
Market and Regulatory Environment
The main market risk is related to general macroeconomic conditions and local rules and statutory regulations in each of the geographical markets in which we operate and which, in turn, affect the

110

debtors' ability to pay and our clients' ability and willingness to sell portfolios of loans and receivables and potential commission from third party collection.

Foreign Exchange Risk
We operate internationally and are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to Norwegian kroner and Swedish kronor compared to our reporting currency euro. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognized assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations. Our strategy is to manage and limit currency risk. Exchange rate risk can be divided into transaction exposure and translation exposure. We have investments in foreign operations, whose net assets are exposed to foreign currency translation risk. Currency exposure arising from the net assets of our foreign operations is managed primarily through borrowings denominated in the relevant foreign currencies.

Transaction Exposure: In each country, revenue and operating expenses are mainly denominated in local currencies, and thus currency fluctuations have only a limited impact on our operating earnings in local currency. National operations rarely have receivables and liabilities in foreign currency. Revenue and expenses in national currency are thus hedged in a natural way, which limits transaction exposure. The currency exposure that arises within the operating activities is limited to the extent it pertains to international collection operations. The subsidiaries' projected cash flow exposure is not hedged at present. At our group level financing, both the debt collection and the debt purchase operations are funded in the relevant currencies reflecting the underlying expected cash flow.

Translation Exposure: We operate in 11 countries. The results and financial position of our subsidiaries are reported in the relevant foreign currencies and later translated into euro for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. 51% of our revenue was generated in foreign currency for the year ended December 31, 2013. Consequently, fluctuations in euro exchange rates against these currencies affect our revenue and earnings, as well as equity and other items in our financial statements. Our revenue is distributed by currency as follows:

Euro . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Danish kroner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norwegian kroner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Swedish kronor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other currencies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,
2011 2012 2013
(g in millions)
135 181 221 21 20 16
173(1) 154 150 69 65 56 455
401 425 447

(1) Includes other income consisting of a gain from the sale of subsidiaries of e15 million.
If these currencies would have weakened/strengthened by 10% on average against the euro, with all other variable held constant, net revenue would have increased/decreased by approximately e23 million.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that we do not have the ability to fulfil our short and long-term payment obligations to outside parties. Our long-term financing risk is minimized through long-term financing in the form of committed lines of credit. The Existing Credit Facilities will be repaid in full on or prior to the Completion Date. We will enter into the Revolving Credit Facility in the amount of e225 million, of which we may draw up to e50 million to finance the closing of the Acquisition.
The Revolving Credit Facility is carried partly in foreign currency to hedge against translation exposure in relation to net assets in countries with other currencies than euro, which is our reporting currency. The Revolving Credit Facility has a number of operational covenants and one financial covenant, including a limit on net drawn super senior debt divided by the operating result after depreciation and amortization. If the limits are exceeded, amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility may fall due. We

111

carefully monitor the key financial indicators, so that we can quickly take measures if there is a risk to exceed the covenant. Cash flow forecasting is performed in our operating entities and aggregated by Group Treasury. Group Treasury monitors rolling forecasts of our liquidity requirements to ensure we have sufficient cash to meet operation needs, while maintaining sufficient headroom on our undrawn committed borrowing facilities at all times so that we do not breach borrowing limits or covenants (where applicable) on any of our borrowing facilities. Such forecasting takes into consideration our debt financial plans, covenant compliance, compliance with internal balance sheet ratio targets and, if applicable external regulatory or legal requirement. Surplus cash held by our operating entities over and above balance required for working capital management is transferred to the Group Treasury (cash-pool). Group Treasury invests surplus cash in interest bearing current accounts.
Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to interest rate risks due to our need to finance our operations. Fluctuations in market interest rates may have a negative or a positive impact on our financial results by indirectly influencing the repayment of loans and investments. Following the Transactions, our indebtedness and other debt arrangements will be primarily comprised of the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility. The Floating Rate Notes and drawings under our Revolving Credit Facility will expose us to interest rate risks relating to fluctuations in EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR and other reference rates. Our Euro Fixed Rate Notes and Senior Notes bear interest at a fixed rate. For fixed rate debt, interest rate changes affect the fair market value of such debt, but do not impact earnings or cash flow. We evaluate our exposure to changes in interest rates on a regular basis and may decide to manage the foregoing risks through financial derivatives. Notwithstanding our potential use of hedging instruments, unexpected changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Credit risk Credit risk is the risk that our counterparties are unable to fulfil their obligations to us. Each local entity is responsible for managing and analyzing the credit risk for each of their new clients before standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. Credit risk arises from assets, such as cash and cash equivalents, guarantees and derivative financial instruments and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as outstanding receivables, purchased loans and receivables and outlays on behalf of clients. For financial assets owned by us, very limited collateral or other credit reinforcements have been received. Therefore, the maximum credit exposure for each class of financial assets corresponds to the carrying amount. There is also a limited risk of loss linked to our debt collection services, however, this risk is primarily carried by our clients. To minimize the risks related to purchase of portfolios, caution is exercised in purchase decisions. Purchases are usually made from clients with whom the Group has maintained long-term relationships and therefore has a thorough understanding of the receivables in question. Purchased loans and receivables are usually purchased at prices significantly below the nominal value of the receivables, and are not collateralized. We retain the entire amount we collect, including interest and fees. For more information on our purchased portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables, see ``--Purchased Portfolios of Debt and Other Overdue Receivables.''
Significant Accounting Policies See ``Note 2'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.
112

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Certain information set forth in this section has been derived from external sources, including industry publications and surveys, industry reports prepared by consultants, internal surveys, third-party reports commissioned by us and customer feedback. Industry publications, surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. While we believe that these industry publications, surveys and forecasts are reliable, we have not independently verified them and cannot guarantee their accuracy or completeness. Certain information in this section has also been based on internal management analysis and in some cases combined with the aforementioned external sources. See ``Presentation of Industry and Market Data.'' The market projections and other forward-looking statements in this section are not guarantees of future performance and actual events and circumstances could differ materially from current expectations. Numerous factors could cause or contribute to such differences. See ``Risk Factors'' and ``ForwardLooking Statements.''
Introduction Debt is created when a debt originator extends credit to a person, who in turn becomes a debtor. Such arrangements occur routinely and include financial institutions extending loans or trade sector companies (including, inter alia, telecommunications and utilities companies) issuing invoices for services rendered. When a debtor does not repay the debt according to the terms on which it was extended, the debt becomes overdue. Overdue debt is a structural component of the credit industry, as debt originators typically expect a certain percentage of debtors to default, and price credit accordingly. Overdue debt is either collected by the originator itself or by a CMS provider, such as Lindorff. Unless otherwise indicated, information in this section is based on our analysis of multiple sources, including the Company Market Study we commissioned from the Market Consultancy Firm. See ``Market Data.'' Unless otherwise stated, references in this section to ``NPL'' and ``NPLs'' refer to unsecured consumer loans that have been in default for at least 90 days.
Market segments Credit management services include purchasing and performing collection services on debt. Debt is largely originated by either the financial institutions sector or by the trade sector. In 2013, the financial institutions sector accounted for approximately e3.5 to e4.1 billion in revenue for European CMS companies, which represent approximately 6-8% average annual growth over the last 5 years and the NPL stock amounted to e98 billion. We define the European CMS market to include companies operating in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden (which collectively are referred to herein as the ``Nordics''), France, Portugal, the United Kingdom, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Russia, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain. The debt originated by financial institutions primarily consists of bank loans and typically includes mortgages, credit card loans, car loans, overdrafts and consumer loans. When such loans become more than 90 days overdue, they are categorized as NPLs. We view the CMS market for debt originated by the financial institutions sector as highly sophisticated and with high barriers to entry. Overdue debt in the trade sector mainly consists of overdue consumer bills from corporations. A number of industries are included in the sector, such as telecommunication companies, public sector, retail stores and utility companies. Compared to the financial institutions sector, debt portfolios originating from the trade sector that are serviced or purchased by CMS companies typically consist of a larger volume of debt claims with a lower average value.
113

Overview of the European Credit Management Services Industry Overview of Credit Management Services There are a number of stages in the debt lifecycle and CMS companies offer several services to clients throughout the cycle. A number of credit management services are illustrated in the following figure and described in the text below.
Illustration of a Typical Debt Lifecycle and Credit Management Services

Invoice Date

Due Date

Write-off Date

Debt Lifecycle

Pre-transaction

Contractual Payment Schedule

Overdue Debt

Written-off Debt

Credit Management Services

Credit Information Services

Invoice Services

Debt Collection Debt Purchase

The CMS industry can be divided into the following three sub-segments:

Surveillance Debt Purchase
12AUG201407150307

Credit information services and invoicing services
Before debt originators extend credit to debtors, CMS companies provide credit scoring and other forms of credit information services such as data extraction and modelling. CMS companies also provide payment processing services including invoice administration, subsidiary ledger accounting, invoice printing, payment reminders and invoice purchasing. These services are provided before debt is overdue. For more information on these services, see ``Our Business--Operations and Service Offerings--Information and Invoicing Services.''

Debt Collection
CMS companies provide debt collection services to debt originators for overdue debt. The debt collection process consists of three phases: pre-legal, legal and surveillance. The pre-legal phase is the first stage in debt recovery and is where the collector seeks to find a voluntary solution with the debtor, e.g., through a payment plan. If it is unlikely that the debtor will pay voluntarily even if he or she could afford to pay and/or was aware if the claim, the case is moved to the legal phase where the court system is used to find a solution, e.g., through garnishment of wages or sale of collateral. If the debtor is insolvent and the claim is uncollectable the case moves to the surveillance phase. During this phase debtors are monitored for any changes in personal circumstances, e.g., employment status, that may allow debtors to commence payment. For more information on how we collect debt, see ``Our Business--Operations and Service Offerings--Debt Collection.''

Debt purchase
Debt originators will often sell overdue debt to CMS companies. Selling overdue debt helps debt originators increase their liquidity, strengthen their balance sheets, release resources to focus on earlystage delinquencies and reduce operational risks, reporting requirements and regulatory demands. The decision to sell overdue debt can occur at one of several stages throughout the debt collection cycle, depending on the type of debt, pricing and time since default. Typically, debt is sold after more than one year in default and following the performance of various non-legal and legal measures. As discussed below, the volume of debt sold by European debt originators has grown significantly in recent years. For more information on how we purchase debt, see ``Our Business--Operations and Service Offerings-- Debt Purchasing.''

Key Drivers of the CMS Industry
According to the Company Market Study, the volume of unsecured consumer NPLs in Europe has grown from approximately e51 billion in 2008 to e98 billion in 2013, a growth of 92.1%. Revenue generated from the European CMS market have increased from e5.9 billion during the year ended

114

December 31, 2008 to e7.8 billion during the year ended December 31, 2013, a growth of 32.2%. According to the Company Market Study, we believe that the financial institutions sector will grow by approximately 8-10% per year from 2013 to 2018 and the trade sector will grow by approximately 3-5% per year during the same period. We expect that the strong growth in the CMS industry will continue in the near term as positive macroeconomic developments improve debt collection rates and debt collection outsourcing continues to increase due to an increased focus by clients on their core businesses. Unless otherwise stated, references in this section, ``--Key Drivers of the CMS Industry'', to ``NPL'' and ``NPLs'' refer to unsecured consumer loans that have been in default for at least 90 days and references to ``Europe'' or ``European'' refer to Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, France, Portugal, the United Kingdom, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Russia, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain.
We have identified four main market trends that we believe are particularly important to the further development of the CMS industry, and in particular the financial institutions sector.
· Banks' large build-up of NPLs in recent years;
· High sales volumes of NPLs as banks are under pressure to delever;
· Clear industry value proposition resulting in increased volume of outsourcing; and
· Macroeconomic recovery typically improving collection rates.
Banks' large build-up of NPLs in recent years
According to the Company Market Study, the main driver of growth for companies in the CMS industry over the next five years, in particular for companies with large exposure to financial institutions, is the current build-up of NPLs for European banks. The stock of total European bank NPLs has grown over the last five years from e459 billion in 2008 to e951 billion in 2013, corresponding to a CAGR of 16%. NPLs within our focus area (unsecured consumer loans) accounted for approximately e98 billion out of the total and have grown at the same rate as the overall market. The trend of increasing default rates over the last five years is also visible when looking at corporate bankruptcies and private payment remarks, which we measure as part of our European Credit Outlook Report, and which have increased in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, and the Netherlands over the last five years whereas Germany has seen decreasing corporate bankruptcies but an increase in consumer payment remarks.
The graphic below shows the growth in the volume of NPLs and the ratio of NPLs as the share of total loans in Europe from 2008 to 2013.

 billion 100
75

Europe FI Consumer Unsecured NPL Stock (Originated by Financial Institutions)

+14%

+1.9x

50

25 4.4
0 2008
NPL Ratio
Source: Company Market Study

7.8 2010

8.3
2013
12AUG201407145913

High sales volumes of NPLs as banks are under pressure to delever
Annual bank NPL sales increased from approximately e1-2 billion for 2008-2010 to approximately e9 billion in 2012 before slightly decreasing to approximately e7 billion in 2013. There are a number of underlying factors for the increase in NPL sales volumes. In addition to the back-log of NPLs on banks' balance sheets, stricter regulations and increased provisioning levels have incentivized banks to delever

115

and clean up their balance sheets and sell NPLs. Selling NPLs often provides banks with immediate benefits to liquidity and to the profit and loss statements as the overdue debt sold has been substantially written down or written off.
The European Banking Association and European Central Bank asset quality review and stress tests scheduled for 2014 are further potential catalysts for NPL sales as they will further incentivize banks to delever and clean up their balance sheets. Given the above factors the company expects debt sales volumes to remain at similar levels as in 2012 and 2013 for the next five years.
The graphic below shows the growth in unsecured consumer debt sales in Europe from 2008 to 2013.

 billion

European Unsecured Consumer Debt Sales (Originated by Financial Institutions)

+40% +5x

2008 Source: Company Market Study

2010

2013

12AUG201407150042

Clear industry value proposition resulting in increased volume of outsourcing
In the financial institutions sector we estimate that outsourcing levels for debt collection have grown from approximately 19% to 24% over the last five years in Europe. We have seen a trend of banks turning away from non-core activities and being unwilling to spend resources on internal debt collection capabilities. At the same time, mature CMS providers have emerged and add value to banks through their proven track record and scale. Debt collection requires a substantial amount of resources and know-how, and we believe this is performed most efficiently by specialists. Consequently, CMS providers have become an integral part of the credit industry and are frequently viewed as trusted partners to their clients. We believe this relationship will continue to grow over the coming years, especially in markets with lower outsourcing levels such as Germany, Spain and Italy.
The graphic below shows the increase in debt collection outsourcing levels since 2008. We believe significant upside for revenue growth exists as debt collection outsourcing levels continue to increase.

European Unsecured Consumer Debt Sales (Originated by Financial Institutions) % of NPL stock

75

2008

50

2013

25

0 Rest of Europe
Source: Company Market Study

1N2oAUrdGic2s01407150440

116

Macroeconomic recovery improving collection rates
In 2014 we believe, as stated in our European Credit Outlook Report, that European growth will continue to be subdued and that corporate bankruptcies and consumer payment defaults will continue to increase. However, over the next five years the macroeconomic situation in Europe is expected to improve, which will lead to a decline in unemployment and an increase in disposable income. We believe that an improved ability of debtors to repay their debts is beneficial for CMS companies as it enables debtors to increase repayments and to have new payment plans arranged for debtors who were previously unable to pay their debts. This is also likely to lower default rates on loans moving forward, which would have a negative impact on the growth of the stock of overdue debt. However, this effect may be mitigated by an increase in the underlying credit stock, driven by higher private consumption and continued low interest rates, in turn driving the amounts of consumer credits. Overall, we believe that the net effect of the macroeconomic recovery will be positive for the CMS industry.
Competitive landscape
The European CMS industry is a fragmented market consisting of several thousand companies with varied profiles. When viewing the competitive landscape, three factors should be considered:
· Product offering: Companies either offer a full-service business model and operate in all stages of the CMS value chain or they focus on particular areas, such as debt collection or debt purchase.
· Geographic presence: Smaller participants tend to only operate in local markets. Medium and large companies typically have broader geographical footprints while only a few firms, including Lindorff, have operations across several European countries.
· Scale: The majority of firms (encompassing 80% of revenue generated by the European CMS industry) are small or mid-sized (under e100 million revenue and with a limited geographic presence) with limited scale, skills, experience and information. In contrast, larger firms have the necessary scale to provide a full-service offering.
Based on these considerations, the industry can be grouped into three categories of participants:
Large international companies
There are only a few large CMS companies in Europe, of which we are one. These companies typically have operations in several countries and a broad service offering, typically including both debt collection and debt purchasing. The large companies have experienced strong growth and high profitability in recent years by capitalizing on scale in skills, experience, information and origination sources.
The large European CMS companies generally have different focuses and service offerings. We believe our full-service offering in combination with our focus on the financial institutions sector is very attractive to potential clients and will enable us to capture anticipated growth opportunities across a variety of markets in the future.
Local CMS providers
Most European CMS providers are small or medium sized companies active only in local markets, and have varying scale and business focus. This comprises companies such as Lowell and Wescot in the UK and GFKL in Germany. While the above referenced companies have a large presence in their domestic markets, they have a limited or non-existing international presence. This segment also consists of several thousand participants without sizable operations who tend to focus on debt collection, as it has lower scale requirements.
Portfolio investors
The third group of participants in the CMS industry comprises international investors specializing in acquisitions of portfolios with distressed assets, such as Cerberus Capital Management, Lone Star Funds and Fortress Investment Group. The core competency of portfolio investors is the evaluation of portfolios and the raising of capital. Portfolio investors compete with other CMS companies in the debt purchasing segment; however they can also be strategic partners since they typically outsource debt collection. In recent years, we have also acted as a co-investor together with portfolio investors to acquire portfolios and have handled the debt collection process relating to the portfolios acquired.
117

Lindorff's place in the industry
We believe that we have a unique market position and business model with a focus on financial institutions clients and with a full service offering and a balanced business mix between third party debt collection and purchased debt. The large international competitors, EOS and Intrum Justitia, are more focused on third party debt collection and the trade sector. Smaller competitors such as Cabot, Arrow, Hoist and Lowell are mainly active in debt purchasing with varying focus on either the trade or financial institutions sector in only one or few jurisdictions. We believe that our full service offering offers tangible benefits to our clients, provides diversification and allows us to extract operational and financial synergies between debt collection and debt purchasing.
Structural Considerations: High barriers to entry
We believe that the European CMS industry has significant barriers to entry, in particular within the Financial Institutions sector, due to a number of structural factors:
· Client relationships: Debt originators, in particular financial institutions, are highly sophisticated and sensitive to reputational risk and are hence unwilling to switch CMS providers, in particular to a new entrant that does not yet have an established track record and reputation.
· Scale advantages: CMS is a scalable business with clear operational, strategic and financial scale benefits that provide a competitive advantage.
· Data and pricing capabilities: A large database built over many years combined with strong data enhancement capabilities are critical both for pricing portfolios and for developing collection strategies.
Overview of Selected European Markets
The markets that we operate in are different in terms of overdue debt volumes, levels of outsourcing, portfolio sale volumes and regulatory and legal frameworks. For more information on the regulatory and legal frameworks in the countries that we operate in, see ``Regulation.''
The volume of overdue debt sold depends on a variety of factors, including macroeconomic factors, NPL rates, the size of economy, the regulation as well as the attitude and position of financial institutions in each market.
Debt collection outsourcing levels also vary between countries and depend on the maturity and sophistication of local markets. Mature markets, such as the Nordics, tend to have higher debt collection outsourcing levels because companies typically see debt collection as a non-core activity and want to streamline their organizations. As such, financial institutions will sometimes seek to sell their Collection Platform together with NPL portfolios. Outsourcing levels are increasing in most countries in Europe and the proportion of outsourcing in Europe has increased from below 20% in 2008 to approximately 20-25% in 2013, and we believe that the trend of increased outsourcing will continue.
Nordics
We believe, based on the Company Market Study, that the stock of NPLs originated by financial institutions in the Nordic countries has more than tripled since 2008 and amounted to approximately e5 billion at the end of 2013. We believe that this was caused by increased unemployment rates and the economic decline after the financial crisis. Over the last five years we have experienced an increase in bankruptcies and consumer payment remarks. We expect this trend to continue through 2014, however in Sweden and Denmark corporate bankruptcies are expected to decrease. In recent years, the Nordic countries have had higher real GDP growth than average European levels according to the IMF World Economic Outlook. The trend is expected to continue in the coming five years according to the IMF. Furthermore, the IMF expects unemployment rates in the Nordic countries to decrease slightly until 2018. Although it is believed that this will improve credit default rates, the stock of overdue debt in the Nordic countries is expected to remain consistent due to increasing volumes of credit extended as the economy grows and consumer confidence improves.
The debt collection industry in the Nordic countries matured following the financial crisis in the 1990s, when companies such as Lindorff and Intrum Justitia grew their businesses and supported clients in their deleveraging of large, overdue debt portfolios. We estimate, based on the Company Market Study, that outsourcing levels for debt collection services have been approximately 60% in the Nordic countries
118

in recent years, which are substantially higher than in the rest of Europe. According to the Company Market Study, outsourcing levels by financial institutions are expected to increase slightly in the next five years. We believe that annual debt portfolio sales have more than doubled in the Nordic countries since 2011 and will remain stable in the coming years. The increase in debt sales is mainly driven by the build-up of overdue debt and the increased use of forward flow contracts. For more information on forward flow contracts see ``Our Business--Operations and Service Offerings--Debt Purchasing--Debt Purchase Commercial Process.''
Germany
According to the Company Market Study, the stock of overdue debt in Germany is one of the largest in Europe, experiencing a moderate growth rate in recent years due to a stable economy and improving unemployment rates. From 2008-2013, Germany's average real GDP growth was 0.7% according to the IMF and the unemployment rate decreased during the same period. From 2012-2018, according to the IMF, Germany is expected to have real GDP growth of 1.2% on average and stable unemployment rates. Over the last 10 years we have seen a steady decrease in corporate bankruptcies and an increase in consumer payment remarks. This trend is expected to continue in 2014, however we also expect corporate bankruptcies to increase. We believe that stable economic growth and low interest rates will drive an increase in loan volumes, however this will be mitigated through decreasing default rates supported by expectations of continued low unemployment rates. As such, we expect the stock of overdue debt in Germany to be stable in the years to come. We estimate, based on the Company Market Study that the stock of NPLs originated by German financial institutions amounted to approximately e11 billion at the end of 2013.
The German CMS industry matured from 2003-2007 after an economic downturn in the early 2000s when banks sold and outsourced the collection of a large amount of overdue debt. While lower than in the Nordic countries, we estimate German debt collection outsourcing levels to currently be approximately 25% having increased from approximately 20% in 2008 and we expect it to continue to grow. According to the Company Market Study, outsourcing levels by financial institutions are expected to continue increasing in Germany in the next five years following the increase that has occurred in the last five years.
Debt sales in Germany have been characterized by large, forward flow transactions with many participants in the sales processes. Activity decreased during the financial crisis from 2008-2010, increased from 2011-2013 and is expected to continue to grow, driven by a second wave of transactions of NPLs originated by financial institutions. The main drivers of this wave are a decreasing bid-ask price gap of buyers and sellers, the focus of banks on dealing with regulatory pressures and a focus on achieving better cost efficiency.
Spain
Spain's stock of overdue debt has increased rapidly in recent years following an economic double dip recession, a significant fall in real estate prices and increasing unemployment rates. According to the IMF, Spain's unemployment rate increased from 8.3% in 2007 to 26.9% in 2013, while GDP growth was negative throughout the same period. Although Spain is recovering, we still expect to see an increase in late payments, defaults and corporate bankruptcies in 2014. However, over the next five years, Spain is expected to have positive real GDP growth average of 0.7% and unemployment rates declining from 26.9% to 24.9%. According to the Company Market Study, we estimate that the stock of NPLs originated by Spanish financial institutions amounted to approximately e6 billion at the end of 2013 and we expect the stock of NPLs to be stable going forward.
In recent years, there has been a significant increase in Spain's debt collection outsourcing following several large sales of Collection Platforms by large Spanish financial institutions. We estimate, based on the Company Market Study, that debt collection outsourcing levels in Spain has increased from approximately 15% in 2008 to 45% in 2013 and we believe that trend towards outsourcing will continue. According to the Company Market Study, outsourcing levels by financial institutions are expected to continue increasing in Spain in the next five years following the increase that has occurred in the last five years.
In the last three years, Spain has been the most active market in Europe for debt sale transactions, driven by the large NPL volume and financial institutions being subject to stricter regulations. Although large volumes of debt portfolios have been sold in recent years, we expect Spain to continue to provide
119

attractive debt purchase opportunities due to a stable inflow of overdue debt. In addition, an increasing secondary market is expected in 2-4 years as several investors who acquired overdue debt from 2011-2013 are expected to sell their acquired portfolios. The Netherlands In the Netherlands, the stock of overdue debt increased significantly following the financial crisis, driven mainly by negative real GDP growth and increasing unemployment rates. From 2008 to 2013, the Netherlands' average real GDP growth was 0.8% according to the IMF. The unemployment rate increased from 3.1% to 7.1% during the same period. We expect this trend to continue in 2014, although we expect corporate bankruptcies to fall. We estimate that the stock of NPLs originated by Dutch financial institutions amounted to approximately e2 billion at the end of 2013 and we expect the stock to decline slightly over the next five years as GDP growth picks up and unemployment rates decrease. We estimate that debt collection outsourcing levels in the financial institutions sector has increased from approximately 10% in 2008 to approximately 20% in 2013. According to the Company Market Study, outsourcing levels by financial institutions are expected to continue increasing in the Netherlands in the next five years following the increase that has occurred in the last five years. Historically, the market for NPL sales in the Netherlands has been characterized by a few transactions from the large banks and by small banks not having NPL portfolios large enough to use a debt sale as a strategy. We, however, expect NPL portfolio sales to increase in the coming years.
120

OUR BUSINESS
We are a leading pan-European credit management services (``CMS'') provider, focusing on overdue unsecured consumer debt, and have a market leading position in the financial institutions sector. We provide debt collection services to, and acquire portfolios of overdue debt and other overdue receivables from, our clients, who include financial institutions, telecommunications companies, utilities providers, public sector and retail stores. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we had revenue of e447 million and EBITDA of e141 million.
We are active along the entire CMS value chain, performing the functions as illustrated in the graphic below:
External Offering / 3rd Party Services

Information Services

Invoice/ Web Invoice

Debt Collection

Pre-legal

Legal

Surveillance and Recovery

Debt Purchasing

Lindorff Acting as Principal

12AUG201407150171

· Debt Collection: We engineer and implement tailored debt collection strategies and solutions to maximize cash flow streams from overdue debt and other overdue receivables for clients who have decided to outsource their debt collection function. We service NPLs for financial institutions clients, including credit card loans, car loans, overdrafts, consumer loans, business loans and mortgages, as well as insurance and factoring claims. We also collect overdue bills for clients, including telecommunications providers, utilities, public sector and retail stores. As of June 30, 2014, we provided debt collection services in 11 countries and managed overdue debt and other overdue receivables with an aggregate face value of e14.5 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2013 and the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, we generated external revenue of e228 million and e224 million, respectively, from debt collection, excluding revenue generated from portfolios that we own

· Debt Purchasing: We purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables from our clients, which we then typically service using our in-house debt collection function. As of December 31, 2013, 87% of the face value of the overdue receivables portfolios we own across our geographic markets consisted of NPLs originated by financial institutions, with the remaining 13% representing overdue receivables purchased from clients in other industries. From January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2013, we invested e506 million to purchase portfolios of debt and other overdue receivables, including each delivery under forward flow agreements, with an aggregate face value of e6.0 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2013 and the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, we generated revenue of e200 million and e204 million, respectively, from debt purchasing.

· Other Services: In addition, we provide our clients with a wide range of services before debt and receivables are overdue, including customer and credit information and analysis, data extraction and modelling, selection and scoring of potential customers, invoicing and web invoicing, reminder services, factoring solutions and turn-key solutions for web shops. For the year ended December 31, 2013 and the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, we generated revenue of e19 million and e18 million, respectively, from other services.

We have built a flexible and balanced business by performing both debt collection and debt purchasing, which we believe allows us to maximize revenue by offering solutions to clients along the entire CMS value chain. As a result of our business model, we believe that we are able to efficiently allocate resources to the opportunities that we find most attractive. Additionally, we believe that our comprehensive databases, which consist of data gathered through our collections, experience and pan-European presence allow us to accurately price portfolios that we purchase and to design effective and efficient debt collection strategies for individual debtors.

121

From our origins in Norway, we have expanded our geographic footprint to serve clients in key markets across Europe, with local operations in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia. By employing dedicated country managers and debt collection teams in each of these jurisdictions, we are able to closely follow local market dynamics and develop strong long-term relationships with our clients.
We have a track record of consistent revenue growth and for achieving growth in Adjusted EBITDA that has exceeded revenue growth. During the three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, our revenue, increased from e386 million (excluding gain on sale of a subsidiary of e15 million) to e447 million representing a CAGR of 8%, while our Adjusted EBITDA increased from e200 million (excluding gain on sale of a subsidiary of e15 million) in 2011 to e256 million in 2013 representing a CAGR of 13%. The following graphic illustrates our historic revenue and Adjusted EBITDA growth.

 million

Revenue

8%

447

447

425

386

Adjusted EBITDA²

 million 13%

256

256

239

200

2011¹

2012

2013

LTM Jun-2014

2011¹

2012

2013 12ALUTGM2J0u1n4-027011450692

(1) Excludes gain on sale of subsidiary of e15 million in 2011
(2) Adjusted EBITDA means profit and loss for the period before income tax expense, net financial costs and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back portfolio amortization and revaluations of purchased loans and receivables to EBITDA.
We generate high, stable and predictable long-term cash flows from our purchased debt portfolios. We focus on purchasing portfolios from financial institutions, which represented 87% of our portfolios for the year ended December 31, 2013, as these portfolios typically have longer and more stable cash flows than other types of portfolios. We acquire these portfolios at a discount to face value and we expect to collect multiples of the price paid. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the price we paid for portfolios averaged 8% of face value. As of June 30 , 2014 our existing portfolios had an ERC of e1.9 billion, which is 2.5 times the carrying value of e760 million. Our portfolios typically generate stable, long-term cash flows. The long-term nature, and the low decay rates, of our portfolios are illustrated in the chart below, which shows our ERC distribution by year.

Cash-on-Cash Multiple and ERC

 billion

2.6x Cash-onCash Multiple

1.9

2.1 1.5

ERC
Collections to date

Estimated Remaining Collections ( million)

320 310

98% of LTM DP collections

256

240

217

186

161

160

139

119

80

102 88 74 63 53 46 40 36

Purchase Price

Total Estimated Collections

0 1-1213-1425-3637-4849-6061-7273-8485-9697-101809-121021-131233-141445-151657-161869-180
Number of Months 12AUG201407145079

We have a track record of extending the cash flow duration on our portfolios and maintaining low decay rates so that we can continue to collect beyond the initial 15-year period, resulting in total collections significantly above our initial estimates. This is evidenced by the evolution of our old portfolios. For portfolios purchased in 2005 and before, we now expect total collections to be 3.2 times the purchase

122

price compared to our initial business case expectations of 2.6 times the purchase price. We are also observing this evolution on our more recent vintages, and for our portfolios purchased in 2010 we have already raised our expected total collections to 2.6 times the purchase price, compared to 2.5 times the purchase price under the initial business case.
There is potential to increase collections by further improving our collection rates from our ongoing optimization of surveillance portfolios. We currently have e19 billion face value of debt under surveillance, generating approximately e400 million in annual collections. The collection rates on these portfolios vary by geography and they are lower in markets where we have less developed operations, such as Spain and Germany. Bringing the collection rates in these markets up to the same level as Norway, Sweden and Finland would have a meaningful impact on the yield of our portfolios.
Our Strengths
We believe our business benefits from a number of strengths, including:

Balanced and diversified business model with full service offering
· A balanced business model. Our operations span 11 countries, where we provide our clients with services along the entire CMS value chain and our largest customer represented 5.3% of revenue in 2013. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our debt collection business and debt purchasing business generated 51% and 45% of Group Revenue, respectively.

Product Mix¹ Other 4%

Debt Purchasing 45%

Debt 51% Collection

Geographic Mix¹

8% 4% 10%
12%

34%

13%

19%

12AUG201407150570
(1) Revenue for the year ending December 31, 2013. Countries in clockwise order: Norway, Finland, Lithuania, Russia, Latvia, Estonia, Germany, Sweden, Spain, Netherlands and Denmark.
· Unique ``one-stop shop'' with significant benefits for clients. When selecting us as a CMS provider, our clients have access to a flexible range of solutions along the entire CMS value chain, including credit information and invoicing services, debt collection and debt purchasing.
· Business model resilient to economic cycles. We believe that our business model, covering debt collection and debt purchasing, increases our strategic flexibility across the economic cycle. We are able to efficiently allocate resources to the opportunities that we find most attractive, for example, focusing on third-party debt collection during competitive pricing cycles and on debt purchasing when attractive opportunities are abundant.
· A source of operational synergies. We believe there are significant operational synergies among our business segments. First, debt collection serves as an origination source for debt purchasing. Second, an efficient debt collection service maximizes the return on purchased debt on portfolios that we purchase. Third, debt purchasing increases the size of our database. Finally, our credit information services are enhanced as our databases increase in size.
Strong and long term market growth outlook
· Positive underlying market trends. We have identified four main market trends that we believe are particularly important to the further development of the CMS industry, and in particular the financial institutions segment:
· banks' large build-up of NPLs in recent years;

123

· high sales volumes of NPLs as banks are under pressure to delever;
· clear industry value proposition resulting in increased volume of outsourcing; and
· macroeconomic recovery typically improving collection rates.
· Strong market growth momentum. According to the Company Market Study, the volume of unsecured consumer NPLs in Europe has grown from approximately e51 billion in 2008 to e98 billion in 2013. During the same period, sales of unsecured consumer debt in Europe originated by financial institutions increased from e1.3 billion to e7.1 billion. As a consequence and according to the same study, we believe that revenues will grow approximately 8-10% in the financial institutions sector and 3-5% in the trade sector from 2013 to 2018.

 billion

European FI Consumer Unsecured NPL Stock (Originated by Financial Institutions)
98 85
51

NPL Ratio +1.9x

4.4

7.8

8.3

2008

2010

2013

Source: Company Market Study

 billion

European Unsecured Consumer Debt Sales (Originated by Financial Institutions)

+40%

7.1

+5x 2.2 1.3

2008

2010

122A0U1G3 201407145375

Europe's leading CMS provider for financial institutions
· Financial institutions is the most attractive business segment. Based on our experience financial institution assets typically have higher cash-on-cash multiples, longer duration and more stable cashflows.
· Europe's leading specialist in the financial institutions sector. Our core strategy is to serve the financial institutions sector, in which we hold a market leading position. We believe that we have a unique business model as we are currently the only large pan-European full service provider focused on the financial institutions sector.
· Preferred partner for European banks. Our market leading position was established through long-standing relationships with major Nordic financial institutions. Historically, we have entered new markets through a combination of organic growth, portfolio purchases and acquisitions of banks' Collection Platforms. As a result, we now believe that we are the CMS provider of choice to our financial institutions clients.
· Our clients recognize our strong reputation for ethical and fair treatment of debtors. We believe that compliance and fair treatment of debtors are at the forefront of our financial institutions clients' priorities when selling portfolios. In recent auctions, our reputation for ethical and fair treatment of debtors has played an important part in securing additional contracts from financial institutions.
· Strong organizational focus on ethical and fair treatment of debtors. We do our utmost to minimize reputational risk, and in order to do so we have developed robust practices and procedures to ensure the fair and ethical treatment of debtors. Our debt collectors go through rigorous screening and assessments before interacting with debtors, and receive formal training on how to manage the debt collection process in a fair manner.

Strong pricing discipline and an established pricing advantage over our competitors
· Established pricing advantage and discipline. Based on our significant experience, extensive database and long track record, we believe that we have a clear pricing advantage compared to most of our competitors. Our policy is to maintain strict pricing discipline through an institutionalized investment process in order to maintain high portfolio returns and avoid overbidding for portfolios. We take a centralized approach to pricing, coupled with appropriate local input in each specific case, which we believe provides strong cross-organizational pricing discipline.

124

· Extensive databases and sophisticated data analysis tools provide high forecasting accuracy. Our comprehensive databases of purchased debt, including 8.5 million individual claims as at June 30, 2014, and our sophisticated data analysis capabilities serve as integral parts in the process of pricing portfolios ahead of acquisitions and allow us to establish more efficient debt collection strategies. Additionally, we have depersonalized details in our databases on approximately 19 million claims and recent contact information for debtors we have worked with in the past.
· Track record of achieving collections against original investment projections. From January 1, 2011 to June 30, 2014, we collected 106% of our original investment projections. Our disciplined portfolio acquisition process, robust database and forecast model underpin this result.

Collection on Own Portfolios vs. Original Business Case

Average:106%

113% 112% 107% 112% 103% 110% 104% 109%

99%

110% 102% 104% 100% 106%

1Q11 2Q11 3Q11 4Q11 1Q12 2Q12 3Q12 4Q12 1Q13 2Q13 3Q13 4Q13 11Q2A1U4G201420Q711445502
Strong cash flow generation embedded in our business model
· Long-term client relationships. Our debt collection business generates consistent cash flows at limited investment requirements, underpinned by long-term client relationships. As of June 30, 2014, we manage debt under 20,600 service contracts with an average duration of 3 years. In the Nordic region, some of our largest contributors to revenue and longest dated relationships go back to the 1980's. Outside of the Nordic region, we have entered into long-term servicing agreements, including with Santander in Spain and ABN AMRO in the Netherlands. We tend to experience strong client loyalty and limited attrition through protective contractual terms (e.g., break fees) and systems integration between Lindorff and clients, which can make it operationally and financially unattractive to switch CMS provider.
· Significant cash flows embedded in purchased debt portfolios. As of June 30, 2014, we expect to collect e1.9 billion of cash over the next 15 years from our existing backbook of purchased debt portfolios, with e310 million expected in the next year. Financial services assets account for 87% of our ERC and have a higher average balance and longer weighted average life than our retail and telecommunications assets, generating long-term annuity like payments. Portfolio assets are typically repaid through repayment plans set up with customers, with average monthly payments of e136.

Significant Cash Flows Embedded In Our Existing Portfolios

Estimated Remaining Collections ( million)

310 320
256

240

217 186

160 80

161 139 119 102

88

74

63

53

46

40

36

0

1-12 13-14 25-36 37-48 49-60 61-72 73-84 85-96 97-108 109-120 121-132 133-144 145-156 157-168 169-180

Number of Months

12AUG201407145219

· Track record of extending payments beyond 15 years. This is driven by continuous improvement of collection strategies and data analysis. As an example, we have collected 5.3x the purchase price

125

for our 2000 vintage and still expect to collect e6.3 million, which is 0.6x the purchase price, over the next 15 years, resulting in a total expected multiple of 5.8x. For pre-2006 vintages, we estimated at the time of portfolio acquisition that we would be able to collect 2.6x times the aggregate purchase price. As of June 30, 2014, we have collected 2.5x times the aggregate purchase price of the pre-2006 vintages, and as of that date expected to collect 3.2x times the aggregate purchase price over the life of the portfolios purchased prior to 2006.
· Efficient conversion of profit into cash flow. From 2011 to 2013, 91-95% of Adjusted EBITDA was converted into operating cash flow (before income tax expense and net financial items), resulting in aggregate operating cash flow (before income tax expense and net financial items) over this period of e650 million. Total debt purchases over this period totaled e506 million.
Experienced executive management team with strong support from operational and market specialists
· Strong leadership of experienced senior management. We are managed by a strong executive team comprising individuals with many years of relevant experience and providing leadership across all functional areas of the business. Endre Rangnes, our CEO, held various managerial roles at IBM in Europe and was the Country Manager of Norway from 2000 to 2003. Between 2003 and 2010 Endre was the CEO of EDB Business Partner, a publicly listed information technology company. Our CFO, Scott Danielsen, is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and was formerly CFO of publicly listed European debt purchaser, Aktiv Kapital, after spending 21 years at Ernst & Young and PricewaterhouseCoopers.
· Supported by a strong team in our group central functions and local markets. Our senior management team is supported by a skilled team of managers operating our central functions and assisting in the execution of our strategy at group level. In addition, our expert regional and country managers are responsible for the local execution of our strategy in the various countries where we operate. Our regional and country managers have significant experience and knowledge of the specificities of our local markets.
Our Strategy
We believe that we have a well-developed strategy for pursuing growth within our existing regions and through geographical expansion. Our strategy includes:
Building on our strong relationships with originators
Over the coming years, we expect significant opportunities in the CMS market. We will strive to maintain our leading market position by establishing new bank partnerships, acquiring new portfolios and by entering into service agreements with new clients.
We believe that we are in a strong position to successfully enter into new partnerships, conclude future acquisitions of portfolios and collection platforms and maintain and expand our existing client relationships, in particular with financial institutions, due to our strong reputation for ethical, fair and efficient debt collection as well as our track record of successful acquisitions. In addition to our strategy of capturing market growth opportunities, we plan to continue to emphasize our high level of underwriting discipline in order to maintain forecast accuracy and to ensure that we only acquire portfolios that generate attractive returns.
Continuing to drive operational scale and excellence across countries to capture full value potential
To maintain our market position and extract further value from our large and scalable platform, we are continuously looking for improvements across the organization to strengthen our client offering and operate more efficiently. We have developed and introduced a ``Global Operating Model'' to set one common operational blueprint and consolidate our general IT infrastructure platform across countries. We will focus on further optimizing our cost structure by continuing to streamline our operating platform, centralizing internal procedures and functions and by improving our IT efficiency through the consolidation of our collection systems. These efficiency improvements strengthen our client offering by extracting further value from portfolios and optimizing cash flows over time. We believe there are still
126

meaningful variations in performance across geographies and we intend to increase portfolio yields and profit margins in the future through the full realization of multinational synergies.
Maintaining a disciplined portfolio acquisition process
Our strict pricing discipline and institutionalized investment process has allowed us to collect 106% of our original investment case cash flow forecasts from January 1, 2011 to June 30, 2014. We plan to continue to emphasize our high level of underwriting discipline in order to maintain forecast accuracy and to ensure that we only acquire portfolios that generate attractive returns. We will continue to build and leverage our extensive databases and sophisticated data analysis tools in the processes of pricing portfolios ahead of acquisitions, and to establish more efficient debt collection strategies.
Selectively considering expansion into selected new geographies
We have a strong track record of selective expansion into new markets and we have established operations in 11 countries. This expansion has been driven by a combination of strategic acquisitions and our ability to leverage strong client relationships. We believe that our strong relationships with international clients will lead to attractive opportunities to enter new markets by following our clients to other markets in which they operate as we have done in the past. We also foresee the potential for attractive portfolio acquisitions and carve-out opportunities for debt collection platforms and may enter selected European countries in the coming years, including Italy in 2014.
Certain statements in the section titled ``--Our Strategy'' constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future financial performance and our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those described under ``Forward-Looking Statements'' and ``Risk Factors.'' Investors are urged not to place undue reliance on any of the statements set forth above.
History
We were founded in 1898 in Norway by Eynar Lindorff. From our origins in Norway, we have grown to become a leading pan-European provider of CMS. In 2003, Altor 2003 Fund acquired Lindorff Holding AS from Gjensidige NOR, and in a concurrent transaction acquired Contant Oy, a Finnish debt collection company, from Sponsor Capital and Nordea, which subsequently were merged to create Lindorff Group AB, the largest CMS company in the Nordic region at the time. Until 2008, the Lindorff Group was owned by Altor 2003 Fund together with certain other shareholders and management persons at that time. In 2008, the Altor Funds and Investor invested in the Group, whereby Lindorff AB became the parent company of the Lindorff Group, with the Altor Funds and Investor as the sole shareholders (and the shareholding divided evenly between the Altor Funds and Investor). Our owners have maintained their strong commitment to the Company since that time. As a result of subsequent investments in the Company, Investor currently holds 50% of the votes and approximately 51.22% of the shares and the Altor Funds altogether currently hold 50% of the votes and approximately 48.78% of the shares of Lindorff.
We solely operated in Norway until 1998 and through 2005 we expanded in the Nordic and Baltic countries. Since 2005, we have experienced significant European expansion. For the year ended December 31, 2011, 84.7% of our revenue was from Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland (including our operations in Eastern Europe) compared to 67.1% of our revenue coming from those countries for the year ended December 31, 2013. From 2010-2013 we focused on increasing the scale of our European presence. Our geographic expansion has recently been fuelled both organically and by a number of acquisitions.
In March 2012, we purchased a Collection Platform from a major European financial institution and concurrently entered into a debt collection contract with that same financial institution. In that same month, we also separately announced a e130 million investment in portfolios held by a separate major European financial institution. Additionally, in January 2011 and December 2012, we acquired debt collection companies from two different major European financial institutions. We believe that these recent transactions have helped to solidify existing long-term relationships with major European institutions who are already clients and to build relationships with other major European institutions. We intend to continue to selectively pursue potential acquisitions to expand our geographic footprint.
127

Operations and Service Offerings
We have a full-service offering throughout the CMS value chain, consisting of information and invoicing services, debt collection and debt purchasing. We believe that these offerings enable us to offer various solutions to our clients depending on their specific needs. For example, some clients do not have the scale to efficiently or effectively perform certain functions in-house, so we are able to offer them a full suite of services both before and after debt or receivables become overdue. Further, other clients have significant incentives to outsource their debt collection or sell their portfolios of overdue debt and other overdue receivables, due to changes in regulatory regimes and an increasing focus on their core businesses. We believe that our full-service offering enables clients to view us as a valuable partner in their business.
The table below sets forth our revenue and other income by segment for the periods under review.

Debt Collection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Debt Purchasing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Eliminations(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,
2011 2012 2013
(g in millions)
257 291 313 146 179 200
51(1) 29 19 (53) (75) (84)
401 425 447

(1) Includes other income consisting of a gain from the sale of subsidiaries of e15 million.
(2) Inter-segment revenue relating to debt collection revenue.
Information and Invoicing Services
We offer our clients a wide range of information and invoicing services before debt is considered non-performing. We believe these services help to establish relationships with clients at the beginning of the CMS value chain and enhance our ability to win debt collection contracts or to purchase related debt once it becomes non-performing from these clients.
Information Services
Information services include credit information and analysis, data extraction and modelling and scorecard input and development. We believe that our information services enable our clients to mitigate credit risk and reduce potential losses from sales to new clients by providing efficient and reliable information on the creditworthiness of their customers.
Invoicing Services
Invoicing services include invoicing and web invoicing, reminder services, factoring solutions and turn-key solutions for web-shops. We believe that our invoicing services provide reliable and cost efficient solutions for clients with high invoicing volumes and helps clients to increase sales by enabling credit sales without credit risk or need for a credit process.
Debt Collection
Overview
We primarily focus on working with debtors to collect overdue debt and other overdue receivables for our clients in selected European markets and specialize in engineering and implementing tailored collection strategies and sustainable, affordable solutions for the resolution of claims. We provide debt collection for clients on 4.6 million active cases with an aggregate face value of e14.4 billion. Our highly trained staff works directly to collect debt where we have local operations, and works closely with a trusted network of debt collection partners elsewhere around the world to collect debt when debtors move abroad to a country where we do not have local operations.
We believe that our clients benefit from outsourcing their debt collection to us as we create value for them by lowering the cost of collection and increasing recovery rates. We are able to lower collection

128

costs due to our large scale and automation of the debt collection process, and we are able to increase recovery rates by combining a thorough understanding of each local market where we operate and using our comprehensive databases and experience to optimally tailor debt collection strategies. Additionally, our clients are able to focus on their core business by outsourcing debt collection to us as opposed to performing this function internally.
Our client-centric focus is also evident in our approach to fee arrangements. Generally, during the initial, pre-legal, legal and enforcement phases of debt collection, we typically work on a ``no cure no pay'' basis at fixed rates. During the surveillance phase, we typically work on a commission basis, taking a percentage of the cash collected from the debtor. Additionally, we also offer a profit-sharing model, where we charge commissions on collections received up to a certain threshold and, in addition, the client shares with us a percentage of collections received over that agreed threshold. We believe that the benefits of our effective claims collection strategy are evident through our many long-standing client relationships, which has resulted in a ``partnership model'' with many clients where we are seen as a trusted, important and strategic business partner.
Debt Collection Process
Optimizing debtor contact at each stage of the collection life cycle is the key to our debt collection strategy. Our debt collection process is standardized and automated, with the goal of maximizing the total amount collected over the life of the debt through sustainable payment plans or affordable settlements achieved through an amicable and solution-oriented collection approach rather than exploiting short-term collection potential. The process consists of the following key phases: the initial phase, the pre-legal, legal and enforcement phase and the surveillance phase.
The debt collection process we undertake is the same whether we engage in debt collection for external clients or for portfolios that we own. Nevertheless, when we perform debt collection on behalf of our clients, we operate within the guidelines that they set regarding settlements as well as specific procedures to utilize. In contrast, we have the flexibility to set our own guidelines and to decide when to settle a claim and what procedures are utilized when we perform debt collection on portfolios we own. Actions taken during the debt collection process are designed to take into account applicable country specific laws and regulations, and to preserve our clients' reputations.
Initial Phase
In the initial stage of the debt collection process, we segment or score debtors according to the predicted likelihood that they will pay, based on criteria such as past payment history, size and type of debt, debtors' age and gender and whether the debt was incurred by a consumer or a business. We are able to segment debtors in this fashion using information on debtors from our internal database, supplemented by external credit bureau and other information. We believe that this process has the potential to increase the amount of revenue that we generate.
We send each debtor a letter stating that we have purchased his/her claim from the debt originator or have been instructed by our clients to collect the claim on their behalf. We typically allow the debtor approximately two weeks to pay the principal amount outstanding on the claim and offer them a variety of contact options, including telephone, email or online debtor portal options. If we determine that it is probable or highly probable that a debtor will pay, we engage in the pre-legal phase of collecting on the claim. If we determine that it is uncertain that a debtor will pay, we will assess which measures are to be taken on a case-by-case basis and taking into account the debtor's affordability and ability to pay.
Pre-legal Phase
The pre-legal phase typically lasts 30-60 days, during which time we seek to agree to a voluntary payment plan or settlement with the debtor. Our goal during the pre-legal phase is to maximize the amount of resolved claims while minimizing costs. Any repayment arrangements with debtors are structured in accordance with specific internal policy guidelines and client contract requirements, if applicable, and are designed to be sustainable and affordable for the debtor. To enhance efficiency during the debt collection process, we leverage information in our comprehensive databases in order to tailor an optimal collection strategy for each individual debtor. We have the ability to view data from a claim level, such as what collection methods have been more successful in the past for claims with certain characteristics, and on a debtor level, such as what collection methods have been more successful in the past for debtors with various employment statuses, indebtedness levels and average incomes.
129

Collection methods in the pre-legal phase include calls, letters, text messages, emails and to some extent personal visits by agents. Ultimately, the combination of collection methods that we use for a specific client depends on various factors, including the geographical market, the claim size, the client we are acting on behalf of, the applicable laws and regulations and the individual debtor.
Legal and Enforcement Phase
A claim moves into the legal phase, which typically takes between 60-180 days, if we determine that the debtor is unlikely to voluntarily pay or if we have been unable to agree to a solution with the debtor in the pre-legal phase. While we aim to resolve claims by working with debtors without relying on legal enforcement, we will direct a debtor directly to this phase if we believe that this is the optimal strategy. The legal phase may involve turning to the court system to find a solution to the debtor's debt. Some examples of solutions we seek in the legal phase include garnishment of wages, sale of collateral, bankruptcy proceedings and debt restructuring.
Upon successfully resolving a claim in the legal phase, we then typically utilize bailiffs to enforce claims under e15,000. Bailiffs typically work on fixed-fee arrangements and have the legal authority to enforce claims on our behalf. Bailiffs assist with seizure of property, garnishment of wages and other court ordered solutions. If a claim is valued above e15,000, then we typically rely on the court system to enforce the claim.
Surveillance Phase
The surveillance phase typically commences for a third-party collection client when a claim is written off due to the debtor being insolvent and the claim is deemed presently uncollectable. We believe that collections on this large pool of claims can be improved over time both due to improvements in the debt collection process as well as positive macroeconomic developments, such as decreasing unemployment. Claims can be deemed presently uncollectable in various circumstances, including when claims have undergone pre-legal and legal collection strategies for at least one year without being able to collect the total amount due or if collateral attached to the claim has been enforced. Third-party collection claims are typically 2-3 years old when they are transferred to surveillance.
During this phase, we place claims in one of 12 ``buckets'' where we utilize different activities, such as campaigns or channels, in order to optimize collection profitability. We also monitor changes in circumstances of the individual debtor in order to determine whether there is an enhanced ability to begin payment. When it appears through surveillance that a debtor has an enhanced ability to begin payment, we then look to both pre-legal and legal means to collect on the claim. We ensure that we perform any country specific requisite actions during the surveillance phase to ensure that claims are not barred by statutes in order to protect our ability to collect on a claim if a debtor later becomes solvent.
Standardization of the debt collection process
We believe that the standardization and automation of key aspects of the debt collection process increases the efficiency of our operations by reducing the need for manual case handling. In order to make our debt collection service more efficient and to ensure optimal debtor contact, we have integrated several automated processes into our debt collection process. These processes include:
· Courses: a sequence of predefined actions to occur according to a set schedule. Courses determine when our agents should call a debtor, automatically send out a letter, text message or contact the debtor in another fashion.
· Campaigns: the implementation of common processes for a group of claims. Campaigns will typically begin around a time when we expect debtors to have an enhanced ability to pay.
· Event engines: software driven processes that prescribe a series of actions to be taken in connection with 65 different external events such as debtor bankruptcy, death or address modification. For example, these actions could include periodic telephone calls, text messages and other methods typically utilized in the pre-legal collection process.
Additionally, we believe that the standardization of the debt collection process is crucial to implementing best practices across our local operations.
130

Our ethical approach to the debt collection process
Our debt collection process is designed to yield financial results while protecting our clients' reputations. We believe in:
· polite persistence, where collectors take a fair and reasonable stance when interacting with debtors;
· ensuring a fair outcome for the debtor, taking into account sustainability and affordability of payments; and
· treating debtors with respect and dignity.
We are dependent upon relationships characterized by trust with clients, authorities and society at large. In order to achieve the necessary level of trust, we must act with professionalism, expertise and high ethical standards at all levels. Our internal standards, the Lindorff Business Practice Principles, are applicable to all employees and all employees are expected to become acquainted with and comply with these standards. These standards mandate that all employees are expected to always work within the law, have sound moral principles and behave in an upright and sincere way. We have implemented a robust and centrally coordinated compliance monitoring program, which evaluates and assesses compliance with legal, regulatory and industry best practices, as well as our stringent internal standards. For more information on compliance, see ``--Compliance and Quality Control.''
Debt Purchasing
Overview
We have extensive experience in acquiring portfolios of overdue debt and other overdue receivables, providing clients with an up-front payment for non-core assets at an attractive price level. Among the investment criteria that we currently consider when deciding whether to purchase a portfolio is whether a portfolio fits our focus on unsecured consumer NPLs, the portfolio's expected return on purchased debt and a number of other factors. We generate revenue after purchasing portfolios by seeking to extract stable long-term returns by agreeing to one-off payments, together with sustainable payment plans over the lifetime of the debt. We believe that we can generate attractive yields over a longer period of time than our competitors, sometimes in excess of 15 years, due to our expertise in pricing unsecured consumer NPLs, knowledge of the portfolios we purchase and our debt collection abilities.
We believe that one of our core strengths, in comparison to companies that only purchase debt portfolios, is that we typically service the portfolios we purchase in-house. By typically servicing the portfolios we purchase in-house, we control the entire debt collection process and we are able to implement optimal debt collection strategies. Additionally, by controlling the entire debt collection process we believe that we can ensure that debtors are treated fairly and with respect. We believe that the efficient, fair and respectful manner in which we conduct our business upon purchasing a portfolio is evident through our many long-standing client relationships.
As of December 31, 2013, we owned portfolios of overdue debt and other overdue receivables, consisting of approximately 4.0 million active claims in 11 countries with a gross outstanding principal of approximately e13 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2013, 2.4 million payments were made to us by debtors, with an average payment of e131.
Debt Purchase Commercial Process
There are two principal models for purchasing portfolios, one-off agreements and forward flow agreements. In a one-off agreement, we agree to buy a portfolio of claims that we receive in one transaction upon payment. In a forward flow agreement, we agree to buy claims at a pre-defined price or price range for a given volume from a client on an ongoing basis. We allocated e53.4 million, e44.6 million and e34.5 million of the amount spent on portfolio purchases in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 to forward flow arrangements. We currently have 12 forward flow agreements with an annual capital expenditure over e1 million per agreement, with an average contractual duration of ten months. We believe that forward flow agreements are beneficial to us as they provide us with certainty of a minimum volume of claims that we can perform debt collection on. Similarly, these agreements are beneficial to the seller as they provide a certain level of predictability of the volume of claims being sold.
131

We have the capability and experience to buy large portfolios, which typically require an initial investment of more than e10,000,000. For example, we purchased a portfolio of NPLs from a major financial institution for over e100 million in March 2012. However, the majority of our portfolio purchases are of smaller portfolios, which typically require an initial investment between e500,000 and e10,000,000. These smaller portfolios, when combined with forward flow agreements, account for approximately 60% of our annual portfolio purchases and provide us with a consistent base of claims to generate revenue from.
The majority of portfolios for sale are currently offered to the market through competitive tender processes. In certain circumstances we will co-invest with other debt purchasers to purchase a portfolio. Co-investment is beneficial as it provides us with a large portfolio to perform debt collection through master servicing agreements and allows us to purchase unsecured, consumer NPLs even if they are bundled in a portfolio with other claims that are outside our area of focus. We acquired approximately 16%, 7% and 0% of the face value of portfolios that we purchased in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 via co-investment arrangements.
During the debt purchase process, we involve a fully integrated team, which, depending on the size of the transaction, includes a combination of country level management, our group-level debt purchasing and debt collection teams, and senior executive management. We believe that close and early cooperation between our debt collection and debt purchasing teams during this process maximizes cross functional synergies. Our typical portfolio acquisition involves an origination process, a valuation and due diligence process, an offer phase and a contract and closing phase. The acquisition process follows a template, which ensures consistency across our operations.
Origination
Our local sales teams maintain close relationships with key debt originators in countries where we have local operations. In addition, our senior management maintains close relationships on a cross-border level with our major key debt originators and is actively involved in our largest transactions with these sellers. From these relationships we are often invited to partake in competitive tender processes for portfolios and receive requests for proposals (``RFPs'') in relation to the portfolios for sale. A key driver of our success in debt purchasing, which we believe differentiates us from our competitors, has been our ability to leverage our relationships with clients for whom we collect debt through outsourcing contracts. While the majority of portfolio purchases take place through the RFP process, we also engage our clients in discussions to purchase portfolios through bilateral negotiations whenever opportunities arise.
Valuation and Due Diligence
We engage in an extensive valuation of the portfolio in order to determine what price we should offer the client. First, we look at certain characteristics, including the age of the claims in the portfolio, the size of the portfolio, the type of receivable the portfolio contains and the collection process already undertaken in order to determine whether the portfolio for sale is suitable for us. Once we have determined that a portfolio for sale is suitable to us, we collaborate with our debt collection team and engage in an extensive valuation of the portfolio. Our holistic use of multiple valuation methods takes into account, among other factors, the below analyses:
· vintage analysis where we use historical cash flow information to forecast future returns;
· production models where we analyze the portfolio and make assumptions on conversion rates and average payment levels based on our internal experience;
· scorecards using all available data (both internal, external and client data) to evaluate the propensity of each debtor in the portfolio to pay and what amount;
· debt profiles where we identify the key value drivers in the portfolio and segment the portfolio based on these key value drivers and evaluate the total likely recovery for each claim; and
· paying books, where we identify different payment profiles and segment accounts based on historic payment behavior.
The emphasis we put on each valuation method depends on the specific circumstances, information available and characteristics of the portfolio for sale. We believe that we have the flexibility, experience and data analysis capabilities to choose the appropriate method or combination of methods to appropriately and accurately value a portfolio.
132

In conjunction with the valuation process, we also perform due diligence on the portfolio prior to making a final bid. The purpose of this due diligence process is to identify any areas of risk that would impact our ability to successfully manage the portfolio if we purchase it. As part of the due diligence process, we request and work to verify certain data fields including claim balances, payment history on claims, details of credit agreements and legal enforceability. Additionally, we undertake a detailed review of the assumptions that we apply as part of the valuation process and determine whether those assumptions need to be adjusted. For certain transactions, we also engage external advisors for this process. We seek to leverage our relationships with clients to assist us with this process by obtaining guidance on pricing where possible.
We believe that our model of integrating the debt collection process into the process of purchasing portfolios is critical to our success in valuing portfolios. We believe that we have a competitive advantage when we are invited to bid on a portfolio that we perform debt collection on because we are able to accurately assess the potential uplift that can be generated due to being familiar with the debt collection measures that have been undertaken, allowing us to accurately price the portfolio. This results in being able to confidently offer an attractive value proposition to clients, which makes us a strong contender for portfolios that we find attractive.
Offer
Depending on the size of the transaction, the assessment and final pricing of a portfolio involves input from country-level management and operations, our debt purchasing and debt collection teams, our IT team and senior executives. This group works together to use the information gathered in the process to prepare the final bid, and the relevant country level team uses its knowledge and expertise to provide a current and accurate reflection on the competitive environment in order to ensure that any final bid is aligned with the competing offers the client is likely to receive. The final bid is determined based on an analysis of various scenarios, which are designed to test our models at the high and low ends of prior experience, and is evaluated and signed off on by pre-defined levels of management depending on the size of the bid before being submitted to the client. The final price that we offer for a portfolio takes into account the return that we require in order to compensate for the risk present in the transaction, the possibility that actual performance of the portfolio may deviate from the expected performance and the level of competition that we face in the market. We have a standardized process for approving offers that we consistently follow and we believe that the involvement of various levels of management, with the levels of management involved in the offer increasing as the value of a transaction increases, in approving offers for portfolios ensures that each offer is properly reviewed and is consistent with our belief in pricing discipline.
We believe that a key driver of our success in debt purchasing is due to our ability to leverage our relationships with clients. We use these relationships to engage in a dialogue with the client in order to assist us in putting together a competitive bid. These relationships can also be used to propose alternative structures to those that were requested if we believe it will create value for us and the client. We also frequently receive a ``first and last look opportunity'' at a portfolio due to these pre-existing relationships we have with our clients.
Contract and Closing
The majority of our portfolio purchases are priced in a manner where the client receives a one-off cash payment for the portfolio. However, we also have entered into purchases using different pricing models in an effort to address specific needs or desires of our clients. One such alternative pricing model is an ``earn-out model,'' which provides for profit sharing, where the client receives an upfront cash payment for the portfolio based on an initial forecast and then receives from us a percentage of any gains above the initial forecast.
Upon being chosen as the purchaser of a portfolio, we enter into a portfolio purchase agreement (``PPA''). It is our goal to further our client relationships, and to ensure that we enter PPA negotiations mindful of the ramifications a transaction can have on long-term relationships. We pride ourselves on having a commercial mind-set and we work with clients to find solutions to any problems that arise during this part of the process. We seek to obtain customary representations and warranties and other clauses in the PPAs including representations that claims are legally enforceable, a putback clause to allow us to return any invalid claims, a minimum threshold for documentation availability and data warranties over the information used to value the portfolio.
133

Implementation
The most significant operational risk we face after purchasing a portfolio is the conversion process. If we do not already perform debt collection on the purchased portfolio, we must ensure that claim balances are accurately recorded, funds paid between the determination date and the closing date by debtors are received by us, and debtors are diverted to the appropriate phase of the collection process. We also screen individual claims against various databases to determine whether any of the individual claims do not meet the specified criteria and should be returned, if contractually permitted. If we already service the purchased portfolio, the risks associated with the conversion process are minimized, since many of these steps have already been undertaken as part of our debt collection services.
Contact and Collection Process
After acquiring a portfolio, we typically manage the portfolio in-house. Our understanding of the debt collection process enables us to tailor customized approaches for each debtor and to determine whether we can extract additional value from a debtor and uplift on a portfolio by applying different collection methods than were used previously. By typically servicing purchased portfolios in-house, we also provide stability and scale to the debt collection segment of our business, which allows us to improve and enhance our debt collection methods. For a further discussion on the debt collection process, please see ``--Debt Collection--Debt Collection Process.''
Business Intelligence
The characteristics of the debt purchase and debt collection markets provide a competitive advantage to participants with the strongest data assets and analytical capabilities. Unlike many of our competitors in the debt purchase sector, who rely on third-party debt collection agencies to service claims, we believe that directly employing, training and monitoring debt collection specialists is essential to extracting value from claims and pricing portfolios accurately. We believe that our data assets and analytical capabilities are a core strength of our business and we often find opportunities to improve performance in a large portion of the portfolios that we purchase due to analysis of our data assets.
We have developed comprehensive databases of debtor and credit information over 20 years as a result of the high volume of debt collection we perform in-house. We have depersonalized details in our databases on approximately 19 million claims and recent contact information for debtors we have worked with in the past. We analyze these databases to assist in the pricing of potential purchases of portfolios and to devise optimal collection strategies for debtors. For example, we are able to model anticipated performance of a portfolio based on the past performance of claims with similar characteristics, which allows us to determine if there are opportunities to extract additional cash flow that may not be apparent from traditional pricing models. Additionally, in devising optimal debt collection strategies, we can determine what collection methods have been most successful in the past on debtors with similar traits. We continually look to improve our data analysis processes in order to operate our business more efficiently.
We believe that our data assets and analytical capabilities enable us to view portfolios, as well as collection strategies, in a different and more proactive way than many of our competitors. Companies that only purchase portfolios typically have limited access to data on debtors and associated payment trends until a portfolio is purchased, when the specific debtors in the portfolio can be matched to a credit referencing agency database. In addition, it is often the case that debtor files in a portfolio contain inaccurate or incomplete information on the name, address or telephone number of the debtor, which can make it difficult to locate the debtor or otherwise complicate the debt collection process. As a result, many of our competitors typically experience a significant data asymmetry in valuing portfolios prior to purchase and through the collection process.
Geographic Presence
We believe that we have positioned ourselves to be an attractive candidate for multinational companies, especially financial institutions, and have a presence in 11 countries across Europe. The table below
134

shows the revenue and other income generated in each of the countries or regions where we have local operations for the year ended December 31, 2013.

Country/Region
Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finland and Eastern Europe(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,
2011 2012 2013
(g in millions)
173(2) 154 150 69 65 56 21 20 16 13 36 45 28 50 58 19 18 38 79 81 84
401 425 447

(1) Eastern Europe consists of Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania whereof the share of the region's total revenue in Russia was 1% for the year ended December 31, 2013, 2% for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 1% for the year ended December 31, 2011.
(2) Includes other income consisting of a gain from the sale of subsidiaries of e15 million.
Our underlying revenue growth in the Nordic countries has been stable. However, headline numbers show a slight decline due to the effects of discontinued operations. On an underlying basis, we have experienced stable growth in Finland and Norway, while revenue has declined in Sweden and Denmark due largely to restructuring initiatives. We expect these initiatives to return Sweden and Denmark to profitable growth with Norway and Finland continuing their stable performance. Improved operational efficiency is expected to increase the overall financial performance in the region. Our strategy is to defend our market-leading position and potentially outgrow the market through specific initiatives, such as developing our product offering and attracting new clients. These initiatives are underpinned by the market trend of increased NPL sales and forward flow agreements, which is a source for further growth.
Spain has experienced very strong growth due to several portfolio purchases and Collection Platform acquisitions coupled with outsourcing agreements. We expect significant continued growth from bank carve-outs and further NPL sales. Over the last years, we have seen a steady improvement in margins, a trend which we believe will continue as our operations grow, allowing us to extract operating leverage benefits. Furthermore, the improving macro-economic conditions could potentially be a source of additional upside. Our Dutch and German operations have also grown considerably due to acquisitions of Collection Platforms and portfolios. As these are integrated, we will increase operational efficiency and further improve profitability. In the medium term we expect to continue our expansion in purchased debt, third party outsourcing and forward flow agreements, together with the potential for further Collection Platform acquisitions in the region.
Certain statements in the section ``--Geographic Presence,'' including in particular the operational targets described immediately above, constitute forward looking statements. These forward looking statements are not guarantees of future financial performance and our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those described under ``Forward-Looking Statements'' and ``Risk Factors.'' Investors are urged not to place undue reliance on any of the statements set forth above.
We believe that clients are able to ensure ethical, consistent and professional service across country lines by utilizing our services as opposed to contracting multiple, smaller suppliers from many different countries where there may be different market practices. Our local product offerings vary depending on several market characteristics, including the level of debt collection outsourcing, the maturity of the market, the propensity of clients to sell portfolios and the overall supply of portfolios available in the market to purchase. For example, in the Nordic market debt collection outsourcing levels are substantially higher than the rest of Europe, so debt collection is a strong driver of revenue in that region. On the contrary, Spain has been among the most active market for debt purchasing in recent years driven by financial institutions being subject to stricter regulations and internal capacity constraints. For more information on the differences in the markets that we operate in, see ``Industry Overview--Overview of Selected European Markets.''

135

The table below illustrates our current product offering on a country-by-country basis (except for the Baltic countries, which are presented as one region).
NO FI SE RU NL DE DK ES BALTIC
Information Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          Invoicing Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          Debt Collection Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          Debt Portfolio Acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         
We selectively pursue potential acquisitions to expand our geographic footprint. For further information on our historical expansion, see ``--History.'' Additionally, we work closely with a select group of trusted agents around the world to perform international debt collection. We use this network of agents to collect debts owed by debtors who have moved from a country where we have a local presence to a country where we do not. We typically seek to apply court judgments from the countries we operate in to the country the debtors are presently located in through conventions and treaties intended to be binding under international law. To ensure compliance with our strict ethical standards and to ensure protection of our clients' reputations, this network of agents has been built over the last 18 years based on stringent standards. These standards include, but are not limited to, membership in the same organizations that we are a part of, a track record of achieving success within a regulatory framework, and the existence of approved financial statements. We closely monitor these agents to ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of our agreements and our ethical standards, as well as the protection of our clients' reputations.
Clients
Our clients consist of leading national and international financial institutions, insurance companies, utilities providers, public sector, telecommunications companies and companies in the retail sector and we have long-term relationships with top European financial institutions. Clients that are financial institutions represented 68.0% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013.
We have a client base of more than 20,000 clients. Our largest client represented 5.3% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013. We believe we have strong, long-standing relationships with our clients. We have served our largest five clients by debt collection revenue for an average of ten years and we have an average relationship of five years with our largest five clients by debt purchasing volume. We benchmark our performance against third-party debt collection competitors and regularly monitor our operations to confirm that we are in compliance with our contracts in order to ensure these strong relationships continue.
Compliance and Quality Control
Our clients regard our ethical behavior and strict compliance with laws and regulations as essential in order for them to utilize our services. The laws and regulations that we operate under have at their core the fair treatment of all debtors, which we have sought to embed within our day-to-day operations and culture. We have a clear governance structure and experienced senior management talent across all parts of our organization so that all key components of the business receive appropriate attention.
Our policy regarding regulatory compliance defines, among other things, governing principles regarding identification of governing laws and regulations, delegation of compliance responsibilities, guidelines on education and competence, testing and documentation of regulatory compliance control measures. On a yearly basis, a compliance self-assessment and review process is made with the purpose of providing the board, CEO, CFO and executive team with an objective assessment of the status of our compliance with regards to official legislation and regulation, as well as internal governance principles, policies and procedures. The findings of the assessment enable senior management to initiate any necessary remedial activities.
We have invested heavily in our compliance systems and controls, as well as the training of our employees, to increase awareness of our regulatory requirements and policies. We provide comprehensive training to employees on legal and regulatory compliance. Through training sessions, it is our goal to provide an insight into, and gain an understanding of, an employee's obligation in ensuring legal and regulatory compliance. We also require our employees to complete a designated compliance module and complete regular interactive refreshers and tests.
136

For further information on the regulatory environment that we operate under, see ``Regulation.''
Marketing and Client Relations We employ a comprehensive and coordinated approach to marketing and client relations. We have developed marketing strategies and training at the group level to ensure that our local sales personnel are properly coordinated and prepared, and provide marketing and sales support to our local personnel from our headquarters in Oslo. We believe that this allows us to promptly and efficiently address a wide range of client issues and questions as they arise. We believe that caring for existing clients contributes to increased trust, which in turn results in a larger number of long-term relationships and new business opportunities. We also conduct extensive satisfaction surveys with clients to gauge what we can improve in order to better service them. Each country that we operate in has a director of sales who has a team to assist him/her in cultivating new business and servicing existing clients. Our large, international clients each have a designated international key account manager, as well as local account managers in each country where they use our services. Smaller potential clients are targeted by account managers with telephone calls and group meetings.
Technology Infrastructure Our IT infrastructure platform supports all facets of our operations and is able to support our operations in each country where we have local operations. We have historically grown through acquisitions, and as a result operated a number of IT infrastructure platforms across our operations. We have systematically worked to improve our basic IT infrastructure, and have moved from operating a unique IT platform in each local operation to having one IT infrastructure platform, operated by our IT outsourcing provider, which services all of our local operations. Additionally, our databases are operated and stored in the data center of our IT outsourcing provider. While we operate a large number of databases, the technologies that they utilize are similar. We are currently in the process of reducing the number of group-wide collection systems from over twenty to less than five through the implementation of the Lindorff Group Collection System, which aims to increase our efficiency in managing our country-specific collection systems. We have outsourced certain IT functions, including software development, in order to achieve cost savings and increase our ability to scale up or scale down IT operations depending on business demands. We are committed to maintaining high standards of data protection, client information and information security. We have consolidated all of our operations to one of the global data centers of our IT outsourcing provider, which secures physical access, error recovery and restore possibilities. Access to our systems is handled through a standardized infrastructure, with software giving access rights to individual users. Finally, all infrastructure and systems are protected by firewalls and are constantly updated to avoid cyber-attacks. For additional information on our IT and other capital expenditure, see ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resource--Capital Expenditure.''
Employees, Recruiting and Training As of December 31, 2013, we had the equivalent of 2,755 employees in total. Of these, 2,083 were employed in operations, 131 were employed in information technology support, 298 were employed in sales, general and administrative, 108 were employed in group level staff functions, and 135 were involved in debt purchase analysis and other businesses.
137

The table below sets forth the average number of employees, excluding temporary employees, we had in each of our local operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

Country/Region
Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finland and Eastern Europe(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

For the year ended December 31,
2011 2012 2013
760 734 685 711 754 679 386 254 242 197 162 151 151 273 254 209 230 285 391 746 744
2,805 3,153 3,040

(1) Eastern Europe consists of Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Our approach to hiring and training our debt collection workforce is aligned with our corporate goals. We seek to hire individuals who not only can collect debt, but who will be flexible when we make changes to account workflows and support our goal of always improving the debt collection process.
Once hired, all new collectors go through a formal training process. This training is often tailored to specific offices in order to meet the needs of particular clients in our different offices. However, during the training period, all new collectors are generally trained on telephone and communication skills, debt collection law, psychological profiling and ethical behavior. Furthermore, new employees are subject to background and credit checks as part of the recruitment process.
We set up incentives to encourage professional growth through development of strong work habits and refined individual skills that will promote long-term success rather than penalize employees for not achieving quick performance levels. We believe this approach motivates debt collectors to both continue learning and improve their performance. Our general debt collector workforce incentive plan has two components: base pay and variable individual compensation. The variable component of the collector's salary is paid out monthly or quarterly to ensure consistent performance.
We believe that we have positive relations with our employees and the applicable unions and work councils. Some of our employees are unionized. We regularly meet with the unions and work councils on an annual basis to update them on the direction of the business and to address any concerns that they may have.
Legal and Administrative Proceedings
We are from time to time party to various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including claims and legal proceedings regarding VAT, corporate income taxes and intragroup loan pricing. Other than as discussed below, we have not been within the past twelve months from the date hereof, and we are not currently a party to any governmental, legal, administrative, arbitration or dispute proceedings either individually or in the aggregate, that have had, or are expected to have, a material adverse effect on our financial position or profitability, nor so far as we are aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened.
There are currently six ongoing tax audits/litigation matters involving the Group, for example in Norway and Finland. As of April 2014, the gross amount at stake is approximately e116.9 million, implying a cash tax effect of e36.2 million, including punitive tax increases that may vary from country to country. Depending on the outcome of the ongoing audits described below, additional cash tax may be payable.
We are currently subject to tax litigation relating to interest cost deductions made in connection with our Finnish branch. The Finnish State claims that interest costs that have been deducted in the branch's tax filing for the fiscal years 2009, 2010 and 2011 should be added to the taxable income of the branch. The amounts challenged are e14.9 million for the fiscal year 2009, e15.6 million for the fiscal year 2010 and e17.7 million for the fiscal year 2011 and the cash tax effect is e12.5 million. The Finnish state is also seeking to secure a punitive tax increase of 10% of interest costs, which we estimate at e4.8 million. If we lose this litigation, we estimate a total cash tax effect for 2012 and 2013 of e8.4 million and a possible punitive tax increase of e3.4 million. The branch structure continues to be in place also in 2014.

138

We are also party to an ongoing tax audit in Lindorff Finland Oy regarding pricing of intra group loans. The amount in dispute for the fiscal years 2009 to 2011 is approximately e13.1 million, with an estimated cash tax effect e3.4 million plus a potential 10% punitive tax increase, which we estimate at e1.3 million. The effective tax rate in 2009-2011 was 26%. If the result of this audit goes against us, we estimate a total cash tax effect for 2012 and 2013 of e1.9 million and a possible punitive tax increase of e0.9 million. The debt structure continues to be in place also in 2014. We are currently subject to two tax litigations in Norway, both concerning Lindorff Norge AS. One audit focuses on corporate income tax and deduction of a loss relating to an intra-group receivable. There is not yet any conclusion as to the amount at stake, but the deduction challenged totals of approximately e5.1 million with a tax effect of approximately e1.4 million. The other audit focuses on certain VAT deductions, and the amount at stake is approximately e150,000. Both audits are pending. Depending on the outcome of such tax audits/litigation, we may have to restate our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2013. Insurance Our group-wide insurance policies include insurance to cover risks associated with our business, including general liability, crime insurance, professional liability and directors' and officers' liability insurance. We use an insurance broker to maintain consistency of coverage across jurisdictions. We believe that the types and amounts of insurance coverage that we maintain are consistent with customary industry standards in the jurisdictions where we operate. However, no assurances can be given that we will continue to maintain current levels of insurance coverage. A successful claim of sufficient magnitude that is not covered, or only partially covered by insurance, could have a material adverse effect on us and our financial condition. Real Property We lease our executive offices, which are located at Hoffsveien 70B, 0377 Oslo, Norway. All of our properties are leased. We have a specific policy and requirements regarding the physical security at all our properties. Intellectual Property While we hold various trademarks and have registered our domain name, no individual or series of trademarks or intellectual property is material to our business as a whole.
139

REGULATION
General
While regulations vary across jurisdictions, the overreaching legal framework relevant for companies in the CMS industry is similar across the jurisdictions in which we operate. For that reason, the Group has adopted best practice principles in relation to regulatory compliance, which constitute a set of minimum requirements to be observed within the Company to ensure they are operating in accordance with the law. The purpose of the principles is to outline the requirements and responsibilities for ensuring that the operations--on an on-going basis--remain in compliance with laws and regulations governing the business activities and, by so doing, reducing the risk of regulatory breach and subsequent reputational and financial impact on the Group.
The Group policy regarding regulatory compliance defines, among other things, governing principles regarding identification of governing laws and regulations, delegation of compliance responsibilities, guidelines on education and competence, testing and documentation of regulatory compliance control measures. The policy applies to all countries and units, including corporate staff and support functions within the Group.
Debt collection
In several of the countries where the Group operates and provides debt collection services, debt collection is a regulated area and subject to licensing requirements. In these countries each relevant Group subsidiary that offers debt collection services has a license issued by the local supervisory authority, including the National Police Commissioner (Dk. Rigspolitichefen) in Denmark, the Regional State Administrative Agency of Southern Finland (Fi. Etela¨-Suomen aluehallintovirasto) in Finland, the Higher Regional Court of Frankfurt am Main (De. Der Pra¨sident des Oberlandesgerichts Frankfurt am Main) in Germany, the Consumer Rights Protection Centre (La. Pate¯re¯ta¯ju ties¯ibu aizsardz¯ibas centrs) in Latvia, the Financial Supervisory Authority (No. Finanstilsynet) in Norway and the Swedish Data Inspection Board (Se. Datainspektionen) in Sweden. In the Netherlands, one of our subsidiaries has a license as a financial services provider. The license is issued by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets AFM (Nl. Autoriteit Financie¨le Markten AFM).
Debt collection regulation is not based on specific EU legislation and it is consequently not possible to make use of a passporting or similar regime. Instead each country has developed its own set of rules for debt collection operations. The regulations cover, among other things, the length of time after which an unpaid debt may not be pursued by creditors (the statute of limitations); the ways in which the statute of limitations can be tolled so that a debt can remain collectible; the amount of information about a debtor available to a debt collection company; the ways in which a debtor can be contacted and a debt collected; and the types of fees and costs that can be imposed, and whether those fees and costs can be passed to the debtor or the client.
In countries where there are no specific regulations covering debt collection and where no licensing requirements apply for certain debt collection operations, there are still regulations of more general nature which the Group must observe when carrying out its debt collection operations. Such regulations include for example general civil and commercial rules as well as general consumer protection laws and regulations.
In each of the countries in which the Group operates, with the exception of Finland, it is possible to extend the statutes of limitation on historic debt claims indefinitely by taking legal actions or by notifying the debtor or otherwise interrupting the limitation period. In Finland statue barring only applies to claims against private individuals where such claim has been established by a court decision and has not been settled within 15 years from such court decision. In Sweden, a governmental official report published in November 2013 has suggested that claims which have been established by a court or the enforcement authority without being settled should be finally barred after 15 years. It is still uncertain if and when the proposed regulation will be adopted.
In several of the countries where the Group operates, such as Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden, specific rules in relation to the handling of client funds apply. For the purpose of ensuring that client funds are handled according to the same high quality standards and pursuant to the same principles within all Lindorff units, a Group procedure regarding the handling of client funds has been established, which applies to all countries and units within the Group. Pursuant to the procedure, recovered funds and other client funds shall be handled in accordance with the applicable regulatory and contractual
140

requirements and in a manner which secures a correct handling. The procedure further addresses, among other things, principles regarding cash payments, reconciliation of accounts, internal control measures and monitoring.
Debt purchase
The debt purchase operations in Norway and Latvia are subject to licensing requirements or permissions. Further, certain debt portfolio acquisitions or certain debt purchase services in the Netherlands require a license. In Norway, one of our subsidiaries has a license as a finance company. In addition, certain financing activities in Sweden, such as purchase of undefaulted debt (factoring) and granting of loans, may be subject to a registration requirement with the Swedish financial supervisory authority.
Data protection
The Group processes personal data in its business; both when providing debt collection and debt purchase services. The processing of personal data by companies established within the EU is governed by the EU data protection directive (95/46/EC) as transposed into national law by each member state. Although based on a directive, the national data protection laws are not identical; therefore slightly different requirements apply to the Group in each country where it operates. The requirements include that personal data may only be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and may only be processed in a manner consistent with these purposes. Further, personal data must be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which it is collected and/or processed and it must not be kept for a longer period of time than necessary for the purposes of the collection.
The Group is also subject to the supervision of local data protection authorities (``DPA'') in each country where it is established. The Group has a data protection registration with the applicable DPAs for each relevant subsidiary that controls the processing of personal data. To comply with regulatory requirements imposed on the Group, it has established data protection processes, including without limitation, having in place data protection policies, information security policies, data retention policies and procedures for handling data subject requests.
On January 25, 2012, the European Commission published its draft EU Data Protection Regulation. The current form of the draft regulation proposes substantial changes to the EU data protection regime, involving the replacement of the current national data protection laws by an EU regulation. When implemented, the regulation will likely strengthen individuals' rights and impose stricter requirements on companies processing personal data. Some of the main requirements proposed by the regulation include fines up to e1 million or 2% of the global turnover on a group basis, whichever is greater, for breaches of the regulation, stricter requirements and internal processes for the transparency of processed data of individuals, requirements on computer safety measures and controls, increased rights of individuals to demand the deletion of processed data and obligations to demonstrate compliance with the regulation, including submitting data breach notifications to the relevant DPA. On March 12, 2014, the European Parliament formally passed a revised proposal of the regulation that strengthened individuals' rights under the regulation further and proposed stricter sanctions with fines of up to e100 million or 5% of the global turnover on a group basis, whichever is greater.
The proposed regulation is continuing its progression through the legislative process. The next steps are for the EU Council of Ministers to agree on a common position and for trilateral negotiations between the European Commission, the European Parliament and the EU Councils of Ministers to begin. As such, it is not currently possible to assess its full impact on Lindorff's business. It should also be noted that it is still uncertain whether the regulation will come into force at all and if so when this will happen. If adopted in final form during 2014, it will become directly applicable in the EU Member States two years later.
Anti-money laundering and terrorist financing
Certain Group subsidiaries must comply with applicable rules and regulations concerning anti-money laundering and terrorist financing. Lindorff has implemented a Group-wide procedure in relation to anti-money laundering and terrorist financing.
141

International conventions, etc. In its international debt collection operations the Group employs European Community legislation and international conventions, such as the European Council Regulation (EC) No 44/2001 of 22 December 2000 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (``Brussels I'') and The Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters (``Lugano II''). Brussels I and Lugano II both address issues on jurisdiction and recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. The contents are essentially the same, but whereas Brussels I applies between the member states of the European Union only, Lugano II applies to the member states of the European Union as well as in relation to, and between, Iceland, Norway and Switzerland. Under both Brussels I and Lugano II, judgments are, as a general rule, recognized without any special proceedings between the relevant states. Further, Brussels I and Lugano II allow judgments given and enforceable in one relevant state to be enforced in another relevant state following only an application to that effect.
142

MANAGEMENT

The Issuers
The Issuers are each a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Norway and were formed to facilitate the Transactions. The directors of the Senior Notes Issuer are Scott Danielsen, Geir Inge Ska°levik and Siv Farstad. The directors of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and Lock TopCo AS are Per E Larsson (Chairman), Kristoffer Melinder, Andreas Na¨svik, Peter Sjunnesson and Joakim Andreasson. The directors of the Company are Peter Sjunnesson, Hans Larsson, Scott Danielsen and Geir Inge Ska°levik. The registered address of the directors is Hoffsveien 70B, P.O. Box 283 Skøyen, 0213 Oslo.

Group Management
Lindorff's Group Management consists of Group Central Functions and Regional and Country Managers.
The table below sets forth the name, year of birth, current position, the year each person became a member of the Group Management and their shareholdings in the Company.

Name
Group Functions Peter Sjunnesson . . . . . . Hans Larsson . . . . . . . . . Scott Danielsen . . . . . . . .
Knut Eirik Storsul . . . . . . Geir Inge Ska°levik . . . . . . Siv Farstad . . . . . . . . . . . Robin Knowles . . . . . . . .

Year of birth
1959 1961 1962
1962 1968 1965 1971

Member of Group
Management since
2014 2014 2012
2012 2010 2011 2014

Position
Interim Chief Executive Officer Chief of Staff and Deputy CEO Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer Portfolio Performance Chief Information Officer General Counsel and Group Risk Manager Senior Vice President, Human Resources Investment Director

Regional and Country Managers
Turkka Kuusisto . . . . . . . . Anette Willumsen . . . . . . Erika Ro¨nnquist Hoh . . . . Lisbeth Dalum Hansen . . . David Perez . . . . . . . . . . Hendrik Kroeze . . . . . . . . Florian Wo¨retshofer . . . . .

1979 1963 1965 1973 1972 1958 1962

2012 2012 2013 2013 2011 2012 2014

Regional Director, ECE (Eastern Central Europe) Country Manager, Norway Country Manager, Sweden Country Manager, Denmark Country Manager, Spain Country Manager, Netherlands Country Manager, Germany

Certain members of management will hold shares in Lock Upper Holding AS as of the Completion Date. Since August 6, 2014, Endre Ranges, Oddgeir Hansen, Ingeborg Dybvig, Per Tønder Heyeraas and Michael Scha¨fer have left the Company, where they had held the respective positions of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President, Marketing & Communications, Head of Capital & Chief Risk Officer Portfolio Performance and Country Manager (Germany).

Group Functions
Peter Sjunnesson Born in 1959 Interim Chief Executive Officer
Other assignments/positions: Owner of Claerencega°rden AB. Chairman of Billogram AB, Unipal AB and Vaulted Payments AB. Board member of Qliro AB and Fundedbyme Crowdfunding Sweden AB.
Principal education: Bachelor in business administration at Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden.
Previous assignments/positions in the past five years: Chairman of Klarna Holding AB. Board member of Dibs Payment Services AB and Mancx & More AB.

143

Hans Larsson Born in 1961 Chief of Staff and deputy CEO Other assignments/positions: President and Chairman of Linderyd Advisory AB Principal education: Bachelor of Science in Economics and Business Administration, Uppsala University. Studies in Political Science, Stockholm University. AMP -programme at INSEAD/Stockholm School of Economics Previous assignments/positions in the past five years: Head of Group Strategy and M&A at SEB (Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Head of Group Staff at SEB, Chairman of the Board of Directors at SEB AG, Germany, SEB Bank, Ukraine and SEB New York, USA.
Scott Danielsen Born in 1962 Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer Portfolio Performance Other assignments/positions: -- Principal education: Bachelor of arts, Business Administration at the University of Washington, the United States. Certified Public Accountant (inactive), Washington State, the United States. Previous assignments/positions in the past five years: Chief Financial Officer of Aktiv Kapital ASA.
Knut Eirik Storsul Born in 1962 Chief Information Officer Other assignments/positions: Board member of Boka Doktorn International BD AB. Principal education: Computer Science bachelor at Gjøvik University, Norway. Alcatel internal studies to master level (computer science and telecommunication). Studies in marketing and accounting on bachelor level and master studies in management and finance at BI Norwegian Business School. Management programs in Switzerland, Italy and UK. Previous assignments/positions in the past five years: Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer Europe of ResMed Norway AS.
Geir Inge Ska°levik Born in 1968 General Counsel and Group Risk Manager Other assignments/positions: -- Principal education: Master of law at University of Oslo, Norway Previous assignments/positions in the past five years: Head of legal at EDB Business Partner ASA (now EVRY ASA).
Siv Farstad Born in 1965 Senior Vice President, Human Resources Other assignments/positions: -- Principal education: MSc in business and economics at Pacific Lutheran University, the United States. Previous assignments/positions in the past five years: Human Resources Director at Microsoft Development Center Norway AS.
144

Robin Knowles Born in 1971 Investment Director
Other assignments/positions: --
Principal education: Bachelor of arts, Business Studies with Finance at the Plymouth University, UK. Chartered Management Accountant (ACMA).
Previous assignments/positions in the past five years: In roles with Lindorff for the last 6 years.
Other Information on the Board of Directors and Group Management
All members of the Board of Directors and Group Management may be contacted at the company's address Kungsgatan 57A, SE-111 22 Stockholm, Sweden or by telephone +46 771 - 85 63 00.
No member of the Board of Directors or Group Management has been involved in bankruptcy, mandatory liquidation or bankruptcy administration in the past five years in their respective capacity as Board member or senior executive. No member of the Board of Directors or Group Management has been convicted in any case relating to fraud in the past five years. No accusations and/or sanctions have been issued by any agency authorized by law or regulation (including approved professional organizations) during the past five years against any of the members of the Board of Directors or the Group Management in their respective capacities as board members or officers. No member of the Board of Directors or Group Management have in the past five years been banned by any court from membership of a company's administrative, management or control bodies, or from holding management or general positions within a company. No member of the Board of Directors or Group Management has any private interest that might conflict with the Company's interests. There are no family ties between members of the Board of Directors or Group Management.
External Auditor
The most recent auditor election was at the 2014 annual general meeting, when PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (in its capacity as registered audit firm) with Michael Bengtsson (authorized public accountant and member of FAR, the Swedish Institute for Authorized and Approved Public Accountants) as auditor-in-charge, was re-elected for the period until the end of the 2015 annual general meeting.
The external audit of the accounts of the Company and a majority of its subsidiaries as well as the management by the Board of Directors and Group Management is conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden. The external auditor attends at least one Board meeting per year at which the auditor goes through the audit for the year and discusses the audit with the members of the Board of Directors, without the Chief Executive Officer or any member of the Group Management being present. In the past three financial years, in addition to its auditing work, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has performed advisory services for the Group companies consisting of tax advice services and other services. The auditor receives compensation for its work in accordance with a resolution by the annual general meeting. For additional information, see ``Note 7'' to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2013 included in this Offering Memorandum.
Internal Control
The Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer are ultimately responsible for ensuring that internal controls are developed, communicated to and understood by the employees of the Company who undertake the individual control activities, and that the control activities are monitored, enforced, updated and maintained. Managers at all levels are responsible for ensuring that internal controls are established within their own area and that these controls achieve the desired effect.
The Company has established a group internal audit function to assist the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer in fulfilling their responsibilities. Through a systematic and structured approach, the group internal audit function adds value to the operations of the organization, and assists the organization in accomplishing its objectives through evaluations and improvement of the effectiveness of the organization's risk management, control, and governance processes. The tasks of the group internal audit function include, among other things, (i) providing value-added audit services across the
145

Group with the objective of improving operations, compliance with laws, regulation and Company policies, risk management and the overall system of internal controls; (ii) planning and performing on site and desk top reviews to confirm compliance towards both self-imposed and regulatory requirements; (iii) continuously reviewing frameworks and internal control measures (control environment assessment), (iv) reporting findings and proposing improvements in the control regime; (v) identifying risks; (vi) providing the Board of Directors and the Group Management with an independent and objective evaluation of the control environment; (vii) performing consulting and advisory services related to governance, risk management and control as appropriate for the organization, and within its competence and; (viii) performing other tasks based on management's focuses and priorities upon request from the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or an individual who has been delegated the appropriate responsibility. The group internal auditor will submit to the Board of Directors, at least once a year, an internal audit plan for approval. The internal audit plan will consist of a work schedule, a budget and resource requirements for the next calendar year. The internal audit plan will be developed based on a prioritization of the audit universe, as described in the internal audit plan, using a risk-based methodology, including input from the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors. Over time, all essential areas of the organization in the Lindorff Group will be subjected to an internal audit. Any significant deviation from the approved internal audit plan are communicated to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors through semi-annual activity reports.
The Board of Directors' Responsibilities and Work The duties of the Board of Directors are set forth in the Swedish Companies Act, and the Company's Articles of Association. In addition to this, the work of the Board is guided by the Instructions for the Board of Directors, which the Board adopts every year. The Instructions for the Board of Directors govern the division of work and responsibility among the Board of Directors, its Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer and specifies financial reporting procedures for the Chief Executive Officer. The Board also adopts instructions for the Board committees. The Board of Directors' tasks include adopting strategies, business plans and budgets, interim report, year-end financial statements and setting policies and guidelines. The Board of Directors is also required to follow economic developments and ensure the quality of financial reporting and internal controls and evaluate operations on the basis of the objectives and guidelines set by the Board of Directors. Finally, the Board of Directors decides on major investments and changes in the organization and activities of the Company. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall, in close collaboration with the Chief Executive Officer, monitor the Company's performance and prepare and chair Board meetings. The Chairman is also responsible for ensuring that the Board of Directors evaluates its work each year and always receives the information necessary to perform its work effectively. The Chairman represents the Company in relation to its shareholders.
Board Investment Committee The Company has a Board Investment Committee, whose main tasks are to prepare matters in relation to portfolio acquisitions and divestitures (including indicative offers) and to approve portfolio acquisitions and divestitures (including indicative offers) up to a certain amount according to the authority matrix approved by the Board of Directors. The Board Investment Committee has three members. Reports to the Board of Directors on issues discussed at Board Investment Committee meetings are given orally at the following Board meeting.
146

PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Lindorff AB is owned by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, which is wholly-owned by the Senior Notes Issuer, which is wholly-owned by Lock Upper Holding AB, and which, in turn, will be as of the Completion Date at least 95% owned by Cidron 2013 Ltd. As of the Completion Date, members of management and other minority shareholders may hold 5% or less of the capital stock of Lock Upper Holding AB. Cidron 2013 Ltd. is expected to be as of the Completion Date, 70.1% controlled by Nordic Capital Fund VIII, 12.5% controlled by the Altor Funds and 17.3% controlled by Investor assuming a Completion Date of June 30, 2014 and excluding any impact of the Shareholder Note percentages for the shareholders. See ``Summary--Corporate Structure and Certain Financing Arrangements.'' The following is a brief description of each of the significant beneficial holders:
Nordic Capital Funds The Nordic Capital Funds are a leader within private equity investments in Northern Europe. Since inception in 1989, the Nordic Capital Funds have successfully raised close to e12.5 billion and in total made more than 80 platform investments and 130 material add-on acquisitions. The Nordic Capital Funds invest in medium and large sized companies and support value creation in their investments through committed ownership and by targeting strategic development and operational improvements. The Nordic Capital Funds have a long track record of making successful investments supported by close to 60 investment professional advisory team members spread out over 6 offices. The team also has an extensive experience from the FIG space through its investments in Point International, Resurs Group and Euroline. The Lindorff investment will be made from Nordic Capital Fund VIII, which closed in December 2013 with total commitments of e3.5 billion. To date one investment has been closed in Nordic Capital Fund VIII, with five additional investments pending (including Lindorff).
Altor Funds The Altor Funds are private equity funds focused on investing in and developing medium sized companies with a Nordic origin. The investment strategy is based on identifying and realising sustainable performance improvements in areas such as revenue growth, margin expansion and capital efficiency. The Altor Funds control a broad portfolio of businesses that operate in a wide range of sectors. The Altor Funds do not actively carry on any other business activities.
Investor Investor is a leading owner of high quality Nordic-based international companies, founded by the Wallenberg family a hundred years ago. Through board participation, its industrial experience, network and financial strength, Investor strives to make its companies best-in-class. Investor's objective is to build the net asset value, operate efficiently and pay out a steadily rising dividend. Over time, this should allow Investor to generate an attractive total shareholder return.
Shareholder Agreements Upon closing of the Acquisition, the relationship among the Target Group and the Shareholders will be governed by an Institutional Shareholder Agreement among Cidron 2013 Topco Limited, Altor 2003 Limited, Altor II Limited and Investor regarding the ownership of Cidron 2013 Ltd. and, indirectly, the ownership of Lindorff AB. The Institutional Shareholder Agreement will regulate the relationship of the parties thereto with respect to various matters, including capitalization and group structure, control of the Board and exit rights.
Related Party Transactions As of June 30, 2013, a total of e539 million was outstanding under certain shareholder loans of the Target Group. Those shareholder loans were converted to equity with effect from July 1, 2013.
147

DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS
The following is a summary of certain provisions of our indebtedness and certain financial arrangements to which the Parent (as defined below) and certain of its subsidiaries are or will be a party. It does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the underlying documents.
Revolving Credit Facility Agreement
Definitions
The following defined terms are used in this summary of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (as defined below). In addition, capitalized terms set forth and not otherwise defined in this section entitled ``--Revolving Credit Facility Agreement'' have the same meaning as set forth in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, which may have different meanings from the meanings given to such terms and used elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum:
``Available Shareholder Amounts'' means, at any time, any amounts held by the Group (as defined below) which may, at that time, be paid to one or more of the Permitted Holders in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement.
``Closing Date'' means the date on which the Acquisition is completed.
``Net Leverage Ratio'' means the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for any relevant period, provided that for the purposes of calculating the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Leverage shall be reduced by the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalent investments at the relevant time of calculation.
``New Equity'' means:
(a) a subscription for shares in, and any capital contributions to, the Parent; and
(b) any other form of equity contribution to the Parent previously agreed to by the facility agent (acting reasonably) in writing,
provided that no such subscription or contribution is made on or prior to the Closing Date.
``Permitted Reorganisation'' means (subject to certain provisions dealing with the release of Swedish transaction security):
(a) an acquisition by way of merger (not involving the Parent and Lock AS) provided that the acquisition is not otherwise prohibited by any applicable restriction on the acquisition of third party businesses, undertakings or equity ownership interests in the limitation on restricted payments under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement;
(b) an amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, re-organisation or corporate reconstruction of a member of the Group (not involving as its subject the Parent and Lock AS) whether in relation to the business or assets or shares of that member of the Group or otherwise, in each case provided that:
(i) such amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, re-organisation or corporate reconstruction is not otherwise prohibited by the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement; and
(ii) if the business, assets or shares were the subject of security under the transaction security documents immediately prior to such amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, re-organisation or corporate reconstruction, then the finance parties will enjoy substantially similar security over the business, assets or shares (as relevant) following such transaction (taking into account the particulars of the amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, re-organisation or corporate reconstruction);
(c) any transaction, step or other matter not prohibited by the restrictions set out in the covenants in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement;
(d) any other amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation or corporate reconstruction to which the majority lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement have given their consent;
(e) any step or other matter expressly set out in the structure memorandum prepared by Ernst & Young AB in connection with the Acquisition; and
148

(f) any disposal required, indebtedness incurred, guarantee, indemnity or security given, or other transaction arising, under the senior finance documents.
``Senior Secured Notes Agreement'' means the indenture in respect of the Senior Secured Notes and/or any other facility agreement, indenture or other equivalent document by which any Senior Secured Notes Debt is made available or, as the case may be, issued, in each case as the context requires.
``Senior Secured Notes Debt'' means:
(a) any Indebtedness outstanding under the indenture in respect of the Senior Secured Notes (the ``Senior Secured Indenture Debt''); and/or
(b) to the extent notified to the facility agent by the Parent in writing as indebtedness to be treated as ``Senior Secured Notes Debt'' for the purposes of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, any indebtedness outstanding under any debt securities, facilities or other financial instruments (including any exchange notes but excluding any facility or other instrument made available under the senior finance documents) issued or made available to refinance or replace, in whole or in part, the Senior Secured Indenture Debt and/or the facilities under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (and, if applicable, to pay interest, fees, discounts, expenses, commissions, premium or other similar amounts payable under or in connection with such debt securities, facilities or other financial instruments, the Senior Secured Indenture Debt and/or the facilities under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement).
``Senior Secured Notes Documents'' each Senior Secured Notes Agreement, any guarantee entered into under or in connection with a Senior Secured Notes Agreement, and any other document designated as such by the Parent and the trustee, agent or equivalent representative under the relevant Senior Secured Notes Agreement, and any security document in respect of the Senior Secured Notes.
``Senior Subordinated Notes Agreement'' means the indenture in respect of the Senior Notes and/or any other facility agreement, indenture or other equivalent document by which any Senior Secured Notes Debt is made available or, as the case may be, issued, in each case as the context requires.
``Senior Subordinated Notes Debt'' means:
(a) any indebtedness outstanding under any indenture in respect of the Senior Notes (the ``Senior Subordinated Indenture Debt''); and/or
(b) to the extent notified to the facility agent by the Parent in writing as indebtedness to be treated as ``Senior Subordinated Notes Debt'' for the purposes of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, any indebtedness outstanding under any debt securities, facilities or other financial instruments (including any exchange notes but excluding any facility or other instrument made available under the senior finance documents) issued or made available to refinance or replace, in whole or in part, the Senior Subordinated Indenture Debt and/or the facilities under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (and, if applicable, to pay interest, fees, discounts, expenses, commissions, premium or other similar amounts payable under or in connection with such debt securities, facilities or other financial instruments, the Senior Subordinated Indenture Debt and/or the facilities under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement).
``Senior Subordinated Notes Documents'' each Senior Subordinated Notes Agreement, any guarantee entered into under or in connection with a Senior Subordinated Notes Agreement, and any other document designated as such by the Parent and the trustee, agent or equivalent representative under the relevant Senior Secured Notes Agreement, and any security document in respect of the Senior Notes.
Overview and structure
On or prior to the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes, Lock Lower Holding AS (for the purposes of this section ``--Description of Other Indebtedness'', the ``Parent'' and, for the purposes of this section ``--Description of Other Indebtedness'', the Parent and its restricted subsidiaries, the ``Group'') and Lock AS will enter into a new e225.0 million multicurrency revolving credit facility agreement (the ``Revolving Credit Facility Agreement'') with, among others, Nordea Bank AB (publ), as facility agent, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as security agent, and Nordea Bank Norge ASA, as arranger.
149

The revolving credit facility made available under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the ``Revolving Credit Facility'') may be utilized by any current or future borrower under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement in euro, Norwegian krone, Swedish krona, Danish krone or any other readily available and agreed currency by the drawing of cash advances or the issuance of letters of credit or ancillary facilities. The Revolving Credit Facility may be used for financing or refinancing the working capital and general corporate purposes of the Group, including (subject to a maximum amount of e50.0 million) the Acquisition and any acquisition permitted or not prohibited by the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (including, without limitation, any acquisition of debt portfolios to the extent permitted or not prohibited by the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement) but not for (i) the payment of principal or interest under the Senior Secured Notes Documents or Senior Subordinated Notes Documents or for the payment, prepayment, purchase, defeasance, redemption, acquisition or retirement of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes, Senior Notes or any replacement debt replacing the Senior Secured Notes or Senior Notes or (ii) the payment of any dividend, redemption, repurchase, defeasement, retirement, repayment, premium or any other distribution in respect of the share capital of the Parent.
In addition, the Parent may elect to request additional facilities as additional tranches under the Revolving Credit Facility (the ``Additional Facility Commitments''). The Parent and the lenders may agree to certain terms in relation to the Additional Facility Commitments, including the margin and the termination date (each subject to parameters as set out in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement) and the availability period.
The Revolving Credit Facility may be utilized from the closing date until the date falling 65 months after the Closing Date. The original borrower under the Revolving Credit Facility is Lock AS.
Interest and fees
Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement will initially bear interest at rates per annum equal to, for loans denominated in euro, EURIBOR, for loans denominated in Norwegian krone, NIBOR, for loans denominated in Swedish krona, STIBOR, or for loans denominated in Danish krone, CIBOR, plus a margin of 3.50% per annum, subject to a margin ratchet based on the Net Leverage Ratio. The margin on any loans under an Additional Facility Commitment will be agreed between the Parent and the relevant lenders.
A commitment fee is payable on the aggregate undrawn and uncancelled amount of the Revolving Credit Facility from the closing date to the end of the availability period for the Revolving Credit Facility at a rate of 35% of the applicable margin for the Revolving Credit Facility. The commitment fee is payable quarterly in arrears, on the last date of availability of the Revolving Credit Facility and on the date the Revolving Credit Facility is cancelled in full or on the date on which a lender cancels its commitment. Default interest is calculated as an additional 1% on any overdue amount. The Parent is also required to pay customary agency fees to the facility agent and the security agent in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility.
Repayments
Each advance is required to be repaid on the last day of the interest period relating thereto, subject to a netting mechanism against amounts to be drawn on such date. All outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility are required to be repaid on the termination date, which is the date falling 66 months after the Closing Date. The termination date for a facility under an Additional Facility Commitment is the date agreed between the Parent and the relevant lender(s) providing that Additional Facility Commitment (subject to certain parameters referred to in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement). Amounts repaid by the borrowers on loans made under the Revolving Credit Facility may be reborrowed during the availability period for that facility, subject to certain conditions.
Mandatory prepayment
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement allows for voluntary prepayments (subject to minimum amounts). The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement also permits each lender to require the mandatory prepayment of all amounts due to that lender:
(1) upon the occurrence of a change of control;
150

(for these purposes, ``change of control'' means at any time:
(i) the investors (being Nordic Capital Fund VIII and any related funds, partnerships and special purpose vehicles, and any related person which acts as advisor to, manager of, or controls, directly or indirectly, any Nordic Capital funds, partnerships or special purpose vehicles, and any co-investor for as long as Nordic Capital Fund VIII is able to, directly or indirectly, exercise or control the voting rights of such co-investor in the Parent (the ``Investors'')), together with management, cease to control, directly or indirectly, the Parent; or
(ii) any person or group of persons acting in concert gains, directly or indirectly, control of the Parent; or
(iii) the Parent ceases to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the issued shares of Lock AS;
(iv) after the Closing Date, other than as a result of certain Permitted Reorganisations, the Lock AS ceases to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the issued shares of Lindorff AB; or
(v) Nordic Capital Fund VIII, directly or indirectly, ceases to have an aggregate amount of less than e250,000,000 capital at risk in the Group.
(b) Where ``control of the Parent'' means:
(i) ownership (directly or indirectly) of issued shares in the Parent with the right to cast, or control the casting of, more than, prior to the occurrence of a listing of all or any part of the share capital of any holding company of the Parent, 50% and after the occurrence of a listing of all or any part of the share capital of any holding company of the Parent either (A) 30% of the maximum number of votes that might be cast at a general meeting of the Parent or (B) any person or persons acting in concert owns a greater percentage of the votes that might be cast at a general meeting of the Parent than the Investors; and
(ii) the power (whether by way of ownership of shares, proxy, contract agency or otherwise) prior to the occurrence of a listing of all or any part of the share capital of any holding company of the Parent only, to appoint or remove all, or the majority, of the directors or other equivalent officers of the Parent); or
(2) upon the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Group.
Guarantees
The original guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility will be the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement requires that (subject to agreed security principles) each subsidiary of the Parent that is a Material Company (which definition includes, among other things, any member of the Group that has earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization representing 5% or more of consolidated EBITDA of the Group or whose gross assets represent 5% or more of the consolidated gross assets of the Group) (``Material Company'') by reference to the original financial statements will, within 90 days following the Closing Date, become a guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement.
Following any acquisition which is permitted or not prohibited by the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement and within 60 days of the closing date of such acquisition, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement requires that (subject to agreed security principles) each subsidiary of the Parent that is a Material Company (which definition includes, among other things, any member of the Group that has earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization representing 5% or more of consolidated EBITDA of the Group or whose gross assets represent 5% or more of the consolidated gross assets of the Group and calculated by reference to the most recent annual financial statements of the Group as if such subsidiary had been a member of the Group on the relevant accounting date) will become a guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement.
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement further requires that (subject to agreed security principles) each subsidiary of the Parent that becomes a Material Company following the closing date will be required to become a guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement within 60 days of delivery of the annual financial statements for the relevant fiscal year demonstrating that such subsidiary is a Material Company.
151

Furthermore, if on the last day of a fiscal year, the guarantors represent less than 80% of the consolidated EBITDA and consolidated gross assets of the Group (subject to certain exceptions), within 60 days of delivery of the annual financial statements for the relevant fiscal year, such other restricted subsidiaries of the Parent (subject to agreed security principles) are required to become additional guarantors until the requirement is satisfied (to be calculated as if such additional guarantors had been guarantors on such last day of the relevant fiscal year).
Security
The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by the same Collateral as the Senior Secured Notes. Within 90 days of the Closing Date, the Revolving Credit Facility will also be secured by certain assets of Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL which will not, until the conversion of the corporate form of those entities, secure the Senior Secured Notes due to limitations under applicable law.
In addition, any Material Company or other member of the Group which becomes a guarantor of the Revolving Credit Facility is required (subject to agreed security principles) to grant security over its material assets in favor of the Security Agent under the Revolving Credit Facility.
Representations and warranties
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties (subject to certain exceptions and qualifications and with certain representations and warranties being repeated), including status and incorporation, binding obligations, non-conflict with constitutional documents, laws or other obligations, power and authority, authorizations, no default, holding companies, governing law and enforcement, insolvency, no misleading information, financial statements, no proceedings pending or threatened, compliance with environmental and other laws, centre of main interests and establishments, pari passu ranking, acquisition documents, sanctions and money laundering.
Covenants
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement contains certain of the incurrence covenants and related definitions (with certain adjustments) that are set forth in the Senior Secured Notes Agreement. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement contains a financial covenant (see ``--Financial Covenant'').
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement also contains a ``notes purchase condition'' covenant. Subject to certain exceptions set out in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, the Parent may not, and shall procure that no other member of the Group will, repay, prepay, purchase, defease, redeem or otherwise acquire or retire the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes or Senior Notes (or, in each case, any replacement or refinancing thereof as permitted under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement from time to time) prior to the termination date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility in any manner which involves the payment of cash consideration by any member of the Group to a person which is not a member of the Group. The exceptions to such covenant include (among other things) payments made with the proceeds of Available Shareholder Amounts, New Equity or Subordinated Shareholder Funding, payments following a change of control (provided that the Group is in compliance with its obligations described in ``--Mandatory prepayment'') and payments made in circumstances where the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Senior Secured Notes Debt and Senior Subordinated Notes Debt immediately following the relevant notes purchase (i) is or would exceed 50% of the aggregate original principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes Debt and Senior Subordinated Notes Debt in existence on the Issue Date or (ii) is or would be less than 50% of the aggregate original principal amount of all classes of the Senior Secured Notes Debt and Senior Subordinated Notes Debt in existence on the Issue Date and the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility are, or will be, at the time the notes purchase completes, cancelled in the same proportion as (y) the amount by which the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of the Senior Secured Notes Debt and Senior Subordinated Notes Debt is less than 50% of the aggregate original principal amount of all classes of Senior Secured Notes Debt and Senior Subordinated Notes Debt on the issue or incurrence date of that class bears to (z) 50% of the original aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes Debt and Senior Subordinated Notes Debt on the issue or incurrence date thereof.
152

The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement also requires certain members of the Group to observe certain covenants, including covenants relating to:
· maintenance of authorisations;
· compliance with laws;
· maintenance of guarantor and security coverage (including as described above) and further assurances;
· maintenance of insurance;
· payment of taxes;
· preservation of assets;
· centre of main interests and establishments;
· holding company activities;
· compliance with sanctions;
· ensuring the maturity of the Senior Secured Notes is no earlier than six months after the termination date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility; and
· maintenance of pari passu ranking of the Revolving Credit Facility.
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement contains an information covenant under which, among other things, the Parent is required to deliver to the facility agent annual financial statements, quarterly financial statements, compliance certificates and an annual budget.
Financial covenant
Subject to the paragraph below, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement requires Lock AS to comply with a Drawn Super Senior Leverage Ratio (defined as the ratio of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under each utilization under the Revolving Credit Facility and each additional facility (including in each case, the amount outstanding under any letter of credit to the extent such letter of credit is drawn or a claim has been made thereunder by the relevant beneficiary), together with all ancillary outstandings (``Drawn Super Senior Indebtedness'') at such date to Consolidated EBITDA (net of cash and cash equivalents held by Lock AS and its Restricted Subsidiaries) for the period of the most recent four consecutive financial quarters).
The financial covenant shall only apply to the extent that a utilization has been requested and, at any time during the financial quarter ending on the most recent quarter date, the aggregate amount of all outstanding utilizations and ancillary outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility was equal to or greater than 30% of the total commitments on such quarter date.
The Drawn Super Senior Leverage Ratio for any relevant period shall not exceed 2.0:1.0.
Lock AS is permitted to prevent or cure breaches of the Drawn Super Senior Leverage Ratio by applying any cure amount (being amounts received by the Parent in cash pursuant to any new equity or permitted subordinated debt) as if Drawn Super Senior Indebtedness had been reduced by such amount. The portion of such cure amount used to cure a failure to satisfy the Drawn Super Senior Leverage Ratio shall not be applied in prepayment of the Revolving Credit Facility and no such cure amount shall be taken into account for purposes of the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA. No more than five cure amounts may be taken into account during the term of the Revolving Credit Facility and cure amounts in successive financial quarters will not be permitted.
Events of default
The Revolving Credit Facility contains equivalent events of default, with certain adjustments, as those applicable to the Senior Secured Notes as set forth in the section entitled ``--Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Events of Default.'' In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility contains the following events of default:
· failure to satisfy the Drawn Super Senior Leverage Ratio (when tested);
153

· cross default if a creditor of any member of the Group becomes entitled to declare any indebtedness (in an aggregate amount exceeding e20 million) of any obligor due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default;
· inaccuracy of a representation or statement when made;
· unlawfulness, repudiation, rescission, invalidity or unenforceability of the finance documents entered into in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility if not remedied within 20 business days; and
· failure by a party to the Intercreditor Agreement (other than a finance party) to comply with the provisions of or perform its obligations under the Intercreditor Agreement in any material respect, if not remedied with 20 business days.
Intercreditor Agreement
General
To establish the relative rights of certain of our creditors under our financing arrangements, Lock Lower Holding AS (``Parent'') and any other entity which accedes to the Intercreditor Agreement as a debtor (together with the Parent, the ``Debtors'') will be parties to the Intercreditor Agreement to be entered into on or about the Issue Date with, among others, the Security Agent, the lenders under our Senior Facilities Agreement, the senior agent under our Senior Facilities Agreement (the ``Senior Facility Agent'') and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the ``Senior Secured Notes Trustee'' and ``Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee''). The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by English law and sets out, among other things, the relative ranking of certain indebtedness of the Debtors, the relative ranking of certain security granted by the Debtors, when payments can be made in respect of debt of the Debtors, when enforcement action can be taken in respect of that indebtedness, the terms pursuant to which certain of that indebtedness will be subordinated upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events and turnover provisions.
Capitalized terms set forth and used in this section entitled ``--Intercreditor Agreement'' have the same meanings as set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement, which may have different meanings from the meanings given to such terms and used elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. In particular, in this section, the term ``Senior Secured Notes'' means the Senior Secured Notes and the term ``Senior Subordinated Notes'' means the Senior Notes (each as defined in this Offering Memorandum).
Definitions
The following defined terms are used in this summary of the Intercreditor Agreement:
``Available Shareholder Amounts'' means, at any time, any amounts held by the Group which may, at that time, be paid to one or more of the permitted holders in accordance with the terms of the Senior Facilities Agreement.
``Distress Event'' means, following an acceleration in accordance with the terms of any Secured Debt Document (as defined below):
(a) prior to the Senior Discharge Date, any of the Senior Facility Agent, Senior Secured Notes Trustee or a Senior Secured Creditor Representative declaring that a ``Distress Event'' has occurred; and
(b) on or after the Senior Discharge Date any of the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee or a Senior Subordinated Creditor declaring that a ``Distress Event'' has occurred.
``Financial Adviser'' means an internationally recognised investment bank or any one of KPMG, Deloitte & Touche, Ernst & Young or PricewaterhouseCoopers selected by the Security Agent.
``Hedge Counterparty'' means any person that executes or accedes to the Intercreditor Agreement as a Hedge Counterparty.
``Hedging Liabilities'' means the liabilities owed by any Debtor to the Hedge Counterparties under or in connection with the hedging agreements, provided that the Hedging Liabilities of any Debtor shall not include any excluded swap obligations of such Debtor.
154

``Instructing Group'' means at any time:
(a) prior to the Senior Discharge Date:
(i) in relation to any instructions to the Security Agent to enforce the security or refrain or cease from enforcing the security or to take any other Enforcement Action (as defined below):
(A) those Senior Instructing Group Creditors whose Senior Secured Credit Participations at that time aggregate more than 50% of the Total Senior Instructing Group Credit Participations at that time; and/or
(B) prior to the Senior Lender Discharge Date, the Majority Senior Super-Priority Creditors,
in each case as applicable in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Manner of enforcement''; or
(ii) in relation to any other matter:
(A) those Senior Instructing Group Creditors whose Senior Secured Credit Participations at that time aggregate more than 50% of the Total Senior Instructing Group Credit Participations at that time; and
(B) prior to the Senior Lender Discharge Date, the Majority Senior Super-Priority Creditors; and
(b) on or after the Senior Discharge Date but before the Senior Subordinated Discharge Date, and subject always to the provisions set out under the caption ``--Restrictions on Enforcement by Senior Subordinated Creditors,'' the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors.
``Intra-Group Liabilities'' means the liabilities owed by any Debtor to any intra-group lender in its capacity as such (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any liabilities which are Senior Liabilities or Senior Subordinated Liabilities or Investor Liabilities).
``Investors'' means:
(a) Lock Upper Holding AS; and
(b) any person which becomes a party to the Intercreditor Agreement as an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
``Investor Documents'' means each document evidencing any loan made by an Investor to the Parent or any of its subsidiaries (and, prior to the Senior Discharge Date, by the Parent to Lock AS or any of its subsidiaries) or other indebtedness incurred by the Parent or any of its subsidiaries to an Investor (and, prior to the Senior Discharge Date, by Lock AS or any of its subsidiaries to the Parent or an Investor) which would, save for exclusion of subordinated shareholder funding, constitute indebtedness.
``Investor Liabilities'' means:
(a) the liabilities owed to the Investors by the Parent or any of its subsidiaries under the Investor Documents (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any liabilities which are Senior Liabilities or Senior Subordinated Liabilities);
(b) prior to the Senior Discharge Date, the liabilities owed to the Investors or Parent by Lock AS or any of its subsidiaries under the Investor Documents (for the avoidance of doubt excluding any liabilities which are Senior Liabilities or Senior Subordinated Liabilities); and
(c) any other liabilities owed to an Investor by the Parent or any of its subsidiaries which have been notified to the Security Agent by that Investor and the Parent in writing as liabilities to be treated as ``Investor Liabilities'' for the purposes of the Intercreditor Agreement,
provided that such person has not ceased to be an Investor pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
``Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors'' means, at any time, those Senior Subordinated Creditors whose Senior Subordinated Credit Participations at that time aggregate more than 50.1% of the total aggregate amount of all Senior Subordinated Credit Participations at that time.
155

``Majority Senior Super-Priority Creditors'' means, at any time, those Super-Priority Creditors whose Super-Priority Credit Participations at that time aggregate more than 662/3% of the total Super-Priority Credit Participations at that time.
``Non-Super-Priority Hedge Counterparty'' means a Hedge Counterparty which is a creditor to the extent of its Non-Super-Priority Hedging Liabilities.
``Non-Super-Priority Hedging Liabilities'' means any Hedging Liabilities which are not Super-Priority Hedging Liabilities in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
``Parent'' means Lock Lower Holding AS, a company incorporated in Norway with registration number 913741110.
``Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement'' means, in relation to any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt, the facility agreement, indenture or other equivalent document by which that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt is made available or, as the case may be, issued.
``Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors'' means, in relation to any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt, each of the lenders, holders or other creditors in respect of that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt from time to time (including the applicable Senior Secured Creditor Representative).
``Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt'' means any indebtedness incurred by any member of the Group which is notified to the Security Agent by the Parent in writing as indebtedness to be treated as ``Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt'' for the purposes of the Intercreditor Agreement; provided that: (a) the incurrence of such indebtedness is not prohibited by the terms of the Secured Debt Documents (as defined below) and (b) the providers of such indebtedness or the agent, trustee or other relevant representative in respect of that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt have agreed to become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement in each case to the extent not already a party in that capacity.
``Permitted Senior Secured Financing Documents'' means, in relation to any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt, the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement, any fee letter entered into under or in connection with the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement and any other document or instrument relating to that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt and designated as such by the Parent and the Senior Secured Creditor Representative under that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt.
``Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities'' means all liabilities of any Debtor to any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditor under or in connection with the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Documents.
``Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement'' means, in relation to any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt, the facility agreement, indenture or other equivalent document by which that Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt is made available or, as the case may be, issued.
``Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditors'' means, in relation to any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt, each of the lenders, holders or other creditors in respect of that Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt from time to time (including the applicable Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative).
``Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt'' means any indebtedness incurred by the Parent which is notified to the Security Agent by the Parent in writing as indebtedness to be treated as ``Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt'' for the purposes of the Intercreditor Agreement; provided that (a) the incurrence of such indebtedness is not prohibited by the terms of the Secured Debt Documents (as defined below) and (b) the providers of such indebtedness or the agent, trustee or other relevant representative in respect of that Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt have agreed to become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement, in each case unless already a party in that capacity.
``Permitted Subordinated Financing Discharge Date'' means the first date on which all Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities have been fully and finally discharged (if applicable, including by way of defeasance permitted in accordance with the Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents), whether or not as a result of an enforcement, and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditors are under no further obligation to provide any financial accommodation to any of the Debtors under the Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents.
156

``Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents'' means, in relation to any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt, the Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement, any fee letter entered into under or in connection with the Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement and any other document or instrument relating to that Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt and designated as such by the Parent and the Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative in respect of that Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt.
``Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities'' means all liabilities of any Debtor to any Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditors under or in connection with the Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents.
``Primary Creditors'' means the Senior Secured Creditors and the Senior Subordinated Creditors.
``Public Auction'' means a public auction or other competitive sale process in which more than one bidder participates or is invited to participate, which may or may not be conducted through a court or other legal proceeding, and which is conducted with the advice of a Financial Adviser and further provided that, in the case of any competitive sales process other than a public auction, an invitation to participate in such sales process is extended to the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee at the same time as any other bidders (subject to the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee having signed all relevant confidentiality undertakings or release letters relating to the sales process and any information to be disclosed to potential bidders).
``Recoveries'' means all amounts from time to time received or recovered by the Security Agent pursuant to the terms of the debt documents following the occurrence of a Distress Event or in connection with the realization or enforcement of all or any part of the security.
``Senior Credit Participations'' means, in relation to a Senior Creditor, the aggregate of:
(a) its aggregate Senior Commitments (whether drawn or undrawn), if any; and
(b) in respect of any hedging transaction of that Senior Creditor under any hedging agreement that has, as of the date the calculation is made, been terminated or closed out in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the amount, if any, payable to it under any hedging agreement in respect of that termination or close-out as of the date of termination or close-out (and before taking into account any interest accrued on that amount since the date of termination or close-out) to the extent that amount is unpaid (that amount to be certified by the relevant Senior Creditor and as calculated in accordance with the relevant hedging agreement); and
(c) in respect of any hedging transaction of that Senior Creditor under any hedging agreement that has, as of the date the calculation is made, not been terminated or closed out:
(i) if the relevant hedging agreement is based on an ISDA Master Agreement the amount, if any, which would be payable to it under that hedging agreement in respect of that hedging transaction, if the date on which the calculation is made was deemed to be an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement) for which the relevant Debtor is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement); or
(ii) if the relevant hedging agreement is not based on an ISDA Master Agreement, the amount, if any, which would be payable to it under that hedging agreement in respect of that hedging transaction, if the date on which the calculation is made was deemed to be the date on which an event similar in meaning and effect (under that hedging agreement) to an Early Termination Date (as defined in any ISDA Master Agreement) occurred under that hedging agreement for which the relevant Debtor is in a position similar in meaning and effect (under that hedging agreement) to that of a Defaulting Party (under and as defined in the same ISDA Master Agreement),
that amount, in each case, to be certified by the relevant Senior Creditor and as calculated in accordance with the relevant hedging agreement.
``Senior Creditors'' means the Senior Lenders and the Hedge Counterparties.
``Senior Distress Event'' means, following the occurrence of an acceleration event which is continuing, any of the Senior Facility Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Senior Lenders), a Senior Secured Notes Trustee (acting on behalf of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes) or a Senior Secured Creditor Representative (to the extent expressly permitted by the relevant Permitted Senior Secured
157

Financing Agreement and acting on the instructions the Majority Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors) declaring by written notice to the Security Agent, each other Agent and the Parent that a ``Senior Distress Event'' has occurred.
``Senior Facilities Agreement'' means the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement.
``Senior Facility'' means the Revolving Credit Facility.
``Senior Instructing Group Creditors'' means:
(a) prior to the Senior Lender Discharge Date, the Senior Secured Creditors (other than the SuperPriority Creditors); and
(b) on and after the Senior Lender Discharge Date, the Senior Secured Creditors (other than the Senior Lenders).
``Senior Lender Discharge Date'' means the first date on which all Senior Lender Liabilities have been fully and finally discharged, whether or not as the result of an enforcement, and the Senior Lenders are under no further obligation to provide financial accommodation to any of the Debtors under any of the Senior Facilities finance documents.
``Senior Secured Credit Participation'' means:
(a) in relation to a Senior Creditor, its Senior Credit Participation in relation to the Senior Facilities Agreement and the hedging agreements only;
(b) in relation to a Senior Secured Note holder, the principal amount of outstanding Senior Secured Notes liabilities held by that Senior Secured Note holder; and
(c) in relation to a Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditor, the aggregate amount of its commitments under each Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement (drawn or undrawn and calculated in a manner consistent with the senior commitments) and/or the principal amount of outstanding Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt held by that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditor (as applicable and without double counting).
``Senior Secured Creditors'' means the Super-Priority Creditors, the Non-Super Priority Hedge Counterparties, the Senior Secured Notes Creditors and/or the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors, as the context requires.
``Senior Secured Creditor Representative'' means in relation to any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt, the agent, trustee or other relevant representative in respect of that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt.
``Senior Secured Notes/Permitted Financing Credit Participations'' means the aggregate of all the Senior Secured Credit Participations at any time of the Senior Secured Note holders and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors.
``Senior Subordinated Agent'' means any Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee and/or any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative, as the context requires.
``Senior Subordinated Credit Participation'' means:
(a) in relation to a Senior Subordinated Note holder, the principal amount of outstanding Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities held by that Senior Subordinated Note holder; and
(b) in relation to a Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditor, the aggregate amount of its commitments under each Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement (drawn or undrawn and calculated in a manner consistent with the senior commitments) and/or the principal amount of outstanding Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt held by that Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditor (as applicable and without double counting).
``Senior Subordinated Creditors'' means the Senior Subordinated Notes Creditors and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditors.
``Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative'' means, in relation to any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt, the agent, trustee or other relevant representative in respect of that Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt.
158

``Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer'' means, in relation to any Senior Subordinated Notes or Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt, the Parent and (to the extent not prohibited by the Senior Facilities Agreement) the member of the Group which is the issuer or, as the case may be, the borrower of those Senior Subordinated Notes or that Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt.
``Senior Subordinated Discharge Date'' means the first date on which each of the Senior Subordinated Notes Discharge Date and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Discharge Date has occurred.
``Senior Subordinated Guarantor'' means any member of the Group (other than the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer) which guarantees the Senior Subordinated Notes.
``Senior Subordinated Liabilities'' means the liabilities owed by the Debtors to the Senior Subordinated Notes finance parties under the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents (excluding any amounts in respect of costs and expenses payable to a Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee or any adviser, receiver, delegate, attorney, agent or appointee thereof under the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents) and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities.
``Senior Subordinated Notes Creditor'' means the Senior Subordinated Note holders and the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee.
``Senior Subordinated Notes Discharge Date'' means the first date on which all the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities have been fully and finally discharged, including by way of defeasance permitted in accordance with the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents, whether or not as the result of an enforcement.
``Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security'' means the share pledge granted or to be granted by the Investor in favor of the Senior Subordinated Note holders represented by the Security Agent in respect of the shares in the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer.
``Shared Security'' means:
(a) (i) the share pledge by the Parent of all of the shares in Lock AS; and
(ii) the receivables pledge by the Parent of the Investor Liabilities owed to the Parent by Lock AS; and
(b) any security which, at the election of the Parent, is to secure all or any part of the Senior Subordinated Liabilities.
``Subordinated Creditors'' means the creditors in respect of Investor Liabilities and Intra-Group Liabilities.
``Super-Priority Creditors'' means the Senior Lenders and the Super-Priority Hedge Counterparties.
``Super-Priority Credit Participation'' means, in relation to a Super-Priority Creditor, the aggregate of:
(a) its aggregate Senior Commitments (whether drawn or undrawn), if any; and
(b) in respect of any hedging transaction of that Senior Creditor under any hedging agreement documenting a Super-Priority Hedging Liability that has, as of the date the calculation is made, been terminated or closed out in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the amount, if any, payable to it under the relevant hedging agreement in respect of that termination or close-out as of the date of termination or close-out (and before taking into account any interest accrued on that amount since the date of termination or close-out) to the extent that amount is unpaid (that amount to be certified by the relevant Super-Priority Hedge Counterparty and as calculated in accordance with the relevant hedging agreement); and
(c) in respect of any hedging transaction of that Senior Creditor under any hedging agreement documenting a Super-Priority Hedging Liability that has, as of the date the calculation is made, not been terminated or closed out:
(i) if the relevant hedging agreement is based on an ISDA Master Agreement the amount, if any, which would be payable to it under that hedging agreement in respect of that hedging transaction, if the date on which the calculation is made was deemed to be an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement) for which the relevant Debtor is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement); or
(ii) if the relevant hedging agreement is not based on an ISDA Master Agreement, the amount, if any, which would be payable to it under that hedging agreement in respect of that hedging
159

transaction, if the date on which the calculation is made was deemed to be the date on which an event similar in meaning and effect (under that hedging agreement) to an Early Termination Date (as defined in any ISDA Master Agreement) occurred under that hedging agreement for which the relevant Debtor is in a position similar in meaning and effect (under that hedging agreement) to that of a Defaulting Party (under and as defined in the same ISDA Master Agreement),
that amount, in each case, to be certified by the relevant Super-Priority Hedge Counterparty and as calculated in accordance with the relevant Super-Priority Hedging Agreement.
``Super-Priority Hedging Liabilities'' means the interest rate hedging liabilities, the currency hedging liabilities and/or, the other hedging liabilities, as the case may be, in each case which have been allocated as Super-Priority Hedging Liabilities in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
``Super-Priority Hedge Counterparty'' means a Hedge Counterparty to the extent of its Super-Priority Hedging Liabilities.
``Total Senior Instructing Group Credit Participations'' means:
(a) prior to the Senior Lender Discharge Date, the aggregate of all the Senior Secured Credit Participations at any time (excluding the Senior Secured Credit Participations of the Super-Priority Creditors); and
(b) on and after the Senior Lender Discharge Date, the aggregate of all the Senior Secured Credit Participations at any time (excluding the Senior Secured Credit Participations of the Senior Lenders).
``Total Senior Secured Credit Participations'' means the aggregate of all the Senior Secured Credit Participations at any time.
Ranking and priority
Priority of debts
Subject to the provisions set out in the caption ``--Senior Subordinated Liabilities and security'' below, the Intercreditor Agreement provides that the liabilities owed by the Debtors (other than any Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer to the extent relating to liabilities in respect of Senior Subordinated Notes and/or Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt where that Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer is the issuer or the borrower) to the creditors in relation to the Senior Facilities, certain hedging obligations, the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Subordinated Notes, the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt (the ``Primary Creditors'') shall rank in right and priority of payment in the following order and are postponed and subordinated to any prior ranking liabilities as follows:
· first, the liabilities of the lenders, issuing banks and ancillary lenders under the Senior Facility (each a ``Senior Lender'' and such liabilities the ``Senior Lender Liabilities''), the Senior Secured Notes liabilities and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities, the Hedging Liabilities, amounts due to the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and amounts due to the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee pari passu and without any preference between them; and
· second, the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities pari passu between themselves and without any preference between them.
The liabilities owed by a Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer to the Senior Subordinated Creditors shall rank pari passu in right and priority of payment without any preference among them.
Priority of security
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that the Senior Secured Notes Collateral (other than the Shared Collateral) shall secure the Senior Lender Liabilities, the Senior Secured Notes liabilities and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities, the Hedging Liabilities (to the extent not already included in the Senior Lender Liabilities), agent liabilities (other than due to any senior agent), arranger liabilities (other than due to the senior arranger), Security Agent liabilities, amounts due to the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and amounts due to the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee pari passu and without any preference between them.
160

The Intercreditor Agreement provides that the Shared Collateral shall secure the liabilities in the following order:
· first, the Senior Lender Liabilities, the Senior Secured Notes liabilities and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities, the Hedging Liabilities (to the extent not already included in the Senior Lender Liabilities), amounts due to the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and amounts due to the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee pari passu and without any preference between them; and
· second, the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities pari passu between themselves and without any preference between them.
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security shall secure the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities, the Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities and amounts due to the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee pari passu and without preference between them.
Senior Subordinated Liabilities and security
The Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities owed by a Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer are senior obligations of the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, until the date the Senior Lender Liabilities, the Hedging Liabilities, the Senior Secured Notes liabilities and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities have been discharged (the ``Senior Discharge Date''), creditors in relation to the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities may not take any steps to appropriate the assets of a Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer subject to the security documents in connection with any Enforcement Action (as defined below), other than as expressly permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement.
Intra-Group liabilities and investor liabilities
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that the intra-group liabilities of the Group and the liabilities of the Group to an investor are postponed and subordinated to the liabilities owed by the Debtors to the Primary Creditors.
Additional and/or refinancing debt
The creditors under the Intercreditor Agreement acknowledge in the Intercreditor Agreement that the Debtors (or any of them) may, to the extent not prohibited by any agreements governing the terms of the liabilities owed to the Primary Creditors incur incremental borrowing liabilities (including guarantees of such liabilities) or refinance or replace borrowing liabilities (including incurring guarantee liabilities in respect of such refinancing or replacement). Such liabilities are intended to rank pari passu with any other liabilities and/or share pari passu in any security and/or to rank behind any other liabilities and/or to share in any security behind any such other liabilities.
The creditors under the Intercreditor Agreement undertake in the Intercreditor Agreement (at the cost of the Debtors) to co-operate with the Parent and the Debtors with a view to enabling and facilitating such financing, refinancing or replacement and such sharing in the security to take place in a timely manner. In particular, each of the secured parties authorizes and directs each of its respective agents and the Security Agent to execute any amendment to the Intercreditor Agreement and such other debt documents required by the Parent to reflect, enable and/or facilitate any such arrangements.
Restrictions relating to senior secured liabilities
The Parent and the Debtors may make payments of the Senior Liabilities (defined below) and the Senior Secured Notes Trustee Amounts at any time, provided that following the occurrence of a Senior Distress Event or a Senior Payment Default (defined below) which is continuing where the unpaid amount exceeds e15,000,000 (or the equivalent in any optional currency), no Debtor may make payments of senior secured liabilities except for Recoveries distributed in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Application of proceeds.''
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that the Senior Secured Creditors (as defined below), the Parent and the Debtors may at any time amend or waive the terms of the finance documents in relation to the Senior Facility, the Senior Secured Notes and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt in
161

accordance with their respective terms from time to time (and subject only to any consent required under them).
Security and guarantees: senior secured creditors
Any Senior Secured Creditor (and/or any other person acting on behalf of any of them) may take, accept or receive the benefit of:
(i) any security from any member of the Group in respect of any of the Senior Lender Liabilities, the Senior Secured Notes liabilities or the Permitted Senior Financing Liabilities in addition to the common security provided that, to the extent legally possible and subject to certain agreed security principles:
(A) the security provider becomes party to the Intercreditor Agreement as a Debtor (if not already a party in that capacity);
(B) all amounts actually received or recovered by any Senior Secured Creditor with respect to any such security shall immediately be paid to the Security Agent and applied in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Application of proceeds;''
(C) any such security may only be enforced in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Enforcement of Security--Security Held by Other Creditors;'' and
(D) only to the extent required by the relevant Debt Financing Agreement (as defined below), such security is offered to the other secured parties in respect of their liabilities and rank in the same order as set out under the caption ``--Priority of security;''
(ii) any guarantee, indemnity or other assurance against loss from any member of the Group (other than from the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer) regarding any of the Senior Lender Liabilities, the Senior Notes liabilities or the Permitted Senior Financing Liabilities in addition to those in:
(A) the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture or any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Document;
(B) the Intercreditor Agreement;
(C) any guarantee, indemnity or other assurance against loss in respect of any of the liabilities, the benefit of which (however conferred) is, to the extent legally possible and subject to certain agreed security principles, given to all the senior secured parties in respect of their secured obligations; or
(D) only to the extent required by the relevant Debt Financing Agreement, such guarantee, indemnity, or other assurance against loss is also offered to the other secured parties in respect of their liabilities and such guarantee, indemnity or assurance ranks in the same order as set out under the caption ``--Priority of debts;''
provided that, to the extent legally possible, and subject to certain agreed security principles,
(I) the guarantee provider becomes party to the Intercreditor Agreement as a Debtor (if not already a party in that capacity); and
(II) such guarantee, indemnity or assurance against loss is expressed to be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement.
This provision does not require any security or guarantee to be granted in respect of the Senior Subordinated Notes, unless required pursuant to the terms of the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture.
Restriction on enforcement: senior lenders and senior secured notes creditors
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that none of the Senior Lenders, the Senior Secured Note holders or any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors may take certain Enforcement Action (as defined below) without the prior written consent of an Instructing Group.
Notwithstanding the above restriction or anything to the contrary in the Intercreditor Agreement, after the occurrence of certain specified insolvency events (an ``Insolvency Event'') in relation to a Debtor, each Senior Lender, Senior Secured Note holder and/or Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditor may, to the extent it is able to do so under the relevant debt documents, take certain Enforcement Action and/or
162

claim in the winding up, dissolution, administration, reorganization or similar insolvency event of that Debtor for liabilities owing to it (but a Senior Secured Creditor may not direct the Security Agent to enforce the security in any manner).
Option to Purchase: Senior Secured Creditors
Senior Secured Note holders holding at least a simple majority of the Senior Secured Notes liabilities or Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors holding at least a simple majority of the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities (the ``Senior Secured Acquiring Creditors'') may, after the occurrence of an acceleration event which is continuing, by giving not less than ten (10) days' notice to the Security Agent, require the transfer to them (or to a nominee or nominees), in accordance with the applicable transfer provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, of all, but not part, of the rights, benefits and obligations in respect of the Senior Lender Liabilities (a ``Senior Liabilities Transfer'') if:
(i) that transfer is lawful and, subject to paragraph (ii) below, otherwise permitted by the terms of the Senior Facilities Agreement;
(ii) any conditions relating to such a transfer contained in the Senior Facilities Agreement are complied with, other than:
(A) any requirement to obtain the consent of, or consult with, a member of the Group in relation to such transfer, which consent or consultation shall not be required; and
(B) to the extent to which all the Senior Secured Acquiring Creditors provide cash cover for any letter of credit, the consent of the relevant letter of credit issuing bank relating to such transfer;
(iii) the Senior Facility Agent, on behalf of the Senior Lenders, is paid an amount equal to the aggregate of:
(A) any amounts provided as cash cover by the Senior Secured Acquiring Creditors for any letter of credit (as envisaged in paragraph (ii)(B) above);
(B) all of the Senior Lender Liabilities at that time (whether or not due), including all amounts that would have been payable under the Senior Facilities Agreement if the Senior Facility were being prepaid by the relevant Debtors on the date of that payment; and
(C) all costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by the Senior Facility Agent and/or the Senior Lenders and/or the Security Agent as a consequence of giving effect to that transfer;
(iv) as a result of that transfer the Senior Lenders have no further actual or contingent liability to a Debtor under the Senior Facilities finance documents.
(v) an indemnity is provided from each of the Senior Secured Acquiring Creditors (other than any Senior Notes Trustee) or from another third-party acceptable to all the Senior Lenders in a form reasonably satisfactory to each Senior Lender in respect of all costs, expenses, losses and liabilities which may be sustained or incurred by any Senior Lender in consequence of any sum received or recovered by any Senior Lender from any person being required (or it being alleged that it is required) to be paid back by or clawed back from any Senior Lender for any reason;
(vii) the transfer is made without recourse to, or representation or warranty from, the Senior Lenders, except that each Senior Lender shall be deemed to have represented and warranted on the date of that transfer that it has the corporate power to effect that transfer and it has taken all necessary action to authorize the making by it of that transfer; and
(viii) the Senior Subordinated Creditors have not exercised their rights to purchase as described under the provisions set out in the paragraph captioned ``--Option to Purchase: Senior Subordinated Creditors'' or, having exercised such rights, have not failed to complete the acquisition of the relevant Senior Secured Liabilities in accordance with such provisions.
Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Secured Acquiring Creditors may only require a Senior Liabilities Transfer if, at the same time, they require a transfer of the Hedging Liabilities in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and if, for any reason, such transfer cannot be made in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, no Senior Liabilities Transfer may be required to be made.
At the request of a Senior Agent (on behalf of the Senior Secured Acquiring Creditors), the Senior Facility Agent shall notify that Senior Agent of the foregoing payable sums in connection with such transfer.
163

Restrictions relating to Senior Subordinated Creditors and Senior Subordinated Liabilities
Restriction on payment and dealings
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that following the occurrence of a Senior Distress Event which is continuing, no Debtor will make any payments of Senior Subordinated Debt except for Recoveries distributed in accordance with the provisions set out in the caption ``--Application of proceeds''.
In addition, the Intercreditor Agreement provides that, until the Senior Discharge Date, no Senior Subordinated Guarantor shall (and the Parent shall ensure that no member of the Group (other than the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer) will):
(i) pay, repay, prepay, redeem, acquire or defease any principal, interest or other amount on or in respect of, or make any distribution in respect of, any Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities in cash or in kind or apply any such money or property in or towards discharge of any Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities except as permitted by the provisions set out below under the captions ``--Permitted Senior Subordinated Payments,'' ``--Permitted Subordinated Enforcement,'' and the fourth paragraph under the caption ``--Effect of Insolvency Event; Filing of Claims'' or by a refinancing of the Senior Subordinated Notes or the Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt as permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement;
(ii) exercise any set-off against any Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities, except as permitted by the provisions set out in the caption ``-- Permitted Subordinated Payments'' below, the provisions set out in the caption ``--Restrictions on Enforcement by Senior Subordinated Creditors'' below or the fourth paragraph under the caption ``--Effect of Insolvency Event; Filing of Claims'' below or by a refinancing of the Senior Subordinated Notes or the Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt as permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement; or
(iii) create or permit to subsist any security over any assets of any member of the Group or give any guarantee (and the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee or Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative, as the case may be, may not, and no Senior Subordinated Creditor may, accept the benefit of any such security or guarantee from any member of the Group) for, or in respect of, any Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities or any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities other than:
(a) guarantees by a member of the Group of any obligations of the Group under the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents and/or the Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents;
(b) guarantees, the benefit of which is, to the extent legally possible and subject to the Agreed Security Principles, given to all secured parties in respect of their secured obligations;
(c) at the option of the Parent, all or any of the Shared Security (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, each of the parties agrees that the Shared Security shall rank and secure any Senior Subordinated Notes and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt as set out in ``--Ranking and Priority--Priority of security);''
(d) any other guarantee provided by a member of the Group (other than the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer) or security (the ``Credit Support Provider'') provided that, to the extent legally possible:
(i) the Credit Support Provider becomes party to the Intercreditor Agreement as a Debtor (if not already a party in that capacity);
(ii) all amounts actually received or recovered by the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee, the Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative or the Senior Subordinated Creditors, as the case may be, with respect to any such guarantee shall immediately be paid to the Security Agent and applied in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``-- Application of proceeds;''
(iii) any such security may only be enforced in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Enforcement of Security--Security Held by Other Creditors;''
164

(iv) only to the extent required by a relevant Debt Financing Agreement (as defined below), such security is also offered to the other secured parties in respect of the liabilities and ranks in the same order of priority as set out under the caption ``--Priority of security;''
(v) such guarantee is expressed to be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement; and
(vi) only to the extent required by a relevant Debt Financing Agreement (as defined below), such guarantee is also offered to the other secured parties in respect of the liabilities and ranks in the same order of priority as set out under the caption ``--Priority of debts;''
(f) any security, guarantee, indemnity or other assurance against loss from any member of the Group in connection with:
(i) any escrow or similar or equivalent arrangements entered into in respect of amounts which are being held (or will be held) by a person which is not a member of the Group prior to release of those amounts to a member of the Group; or
(ii) any actual or proposed defeasance, redemption, prepayment, repayment, purchase or other discharge of any Senior Lender Liabilities, Senior Secured Notes liabilities and any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities (in each case provided that such defeasance, redemption, prepayment, repayment, purchase or other discharge is not prohibited by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement).
in each case, without restricting the ability of the Senior Subordinated Notes Creditors or an agent acting on their enforcing the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security as provided for under the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents.
Permitted senior subordinated payments
Prior to the Final Discharge Date, any member of the Group may make payments with respect to the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities if the permitted to do so by the paragraph below, provided that following the occurrence of a Distress Event, no Debtor may make payments of Senior Subordinated Notes or Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt except for Recoveries distributed in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Application of proceeds,'' below.
Prior to the Senior Discharge Date, any member of the Group may make payments with respect to the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities then due in accordance with the finance documents in relation to the Senior Subordinated Notes and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt (such payments, collectively, the ``Permitted Senior Subordinated Payments''):
(i) if:
(a) the payment is of:
(I) any of the principal amount of the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities which is either (1) not prohibited from being paid by the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture or any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement; or (2) paid on or after the final maturity date of the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities (subject to certain conditions); or
(II) any other amount which is not an amount of principal or capitalized interest;
(b) no Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice (as defined below) is outstanding;
(c) no payment default under the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes or the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Documents (``Senior Payment Default'') has occurred and is continuing; and
(d) no Senior Distress Event has occurred and is continuing; or
(ii) if the Majority Senior Lenders, the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and the requisite majority of Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors or the Senior Secured Creditor Representative in respect of that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt (as applicable) (the ``Required Senior Consent'') give prior consent to that payment being made;
165

(iii) if the payment is of certain amounts due to the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee for its own account;
(iv) if the payment is made by the relevant Senior Subordinated Guarantor and funded directly or indirectly with amounts which have not been received by that Senior Subordinated Guarantor from another member of the Group;
(v) of any costs and expenses of any holder of security in relation to protection, preservation or enforcement of such security;
(vi) of costs, commissions, taxes, fees and expenses incurred in respect of or in relation to (or reasonably incidental to) any of the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents (including in relation to any reporting or listing requirements under such documents);
(vii) capitalization of accrued interest under the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents on its scheduled date of capitalization;
(viii) the payment is of fees, costs and expenses reasonably incurred and documented of third party advisors incurred by the Senior Subordinated Creditors (including legal advice or other appropriate financial/restructuring advice) in an aggregate amount not exceeding e1 million;
(ix) following the occurrence of a Senior Event of Default or an event of default under the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents (which is continuing), release or discharge of Senior Subordinated Liabilities in consideration for the issue of shares in the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer or any holding company of the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer and provided that no cash or cash equivalent payment is made in respect of the Senior Subordinated Liabilities.
(x) if the payment is funded directly or indirectly with Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt; or
(xi) if the payment is funded directly or indirectly with Available Shareholder Amounts, new equity or Permitted Subordinated Debt.
On or after the Senior Discharge Date, the Debtors may make payments to the Senior Subordinated Creditors in respect of the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities in accordance with the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents, as applicable.
Payment blockage provisions
Until the Senior Discharge Date, except with the Required Senior Consent, no Senior Subordinated Guarantor shall make (and the Parent shall procure that no other member of the Group shall make), and neither the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee, any holder of Senior Subordinated Notes or the Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditors may receive from any other members of the Group (other than from the relevant Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer), any Permitted Senior Subordinated Payment (other than certain amounts due to the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee for its own account, payments funded by amounts not received from another member of the Group or payments funded by Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt) if:
(i) a Senior Payment Default is continuing; or
(ii) an event of default under the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and/or any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement (a ``Senior Event of Default'') (other than a Senior Payment Default) is continuing, from the date which is one business day after the date on which any of the Senior Facility Agent, the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and any Senior Secured Creditor Representative (together, the ``Senior Agents'') delivers a payment stop notice (a ``Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice'') specifying the event or circumstance in relation to that Senior Event of Default to the Parent, the Security Agent, the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee and any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative until the earliest of:
(A) the date falling 179 days after delivery of that Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice;
(B) in relation to payments of the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities, if a Senior Subordinated Standstill Period (as defined below) is in effect at any time after delivery of that payment stop notice, the date on which that standstill period expires;
166

(C) the date on which the relevant Senior Event of Default has been remedied or waived in accordance with the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Notes Indenture or any Permitted Senior Financing Agreement (as applicable);
(D) the date on which the Senior Agent which delivered the relevant Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice delivers a notice to the Parent, the Security Agent, the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee and any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative cancelling the Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice;
(E) the Senior Discharge Date; and
(F) the date on which the Security Agent, the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee or any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative takes Enforcement Action permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement against a Debtor.
Notwithstanding the above, a Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice shall not prevent the following payments:
(i) capitalization of accrued interest under the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents on its scheduled date of capitalization;
(ii) fees, costs and expenses reasonably incurred and documented of third party advisors incurred by the Senior Subordinated Creditors (including legal advice or other appropriate financial/ restructuring advice) in an aggregate amount not exceeding e1 million; and
(iii) following the occurrence of a Senior Event of Default or an event of default under the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents (which is continuing), release or discharge of Senior Subordinated Liabilities in consideration for the issue of shares in the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer or any holding company of the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer and provided that no cash or cash equivalent payment is made in respect of the Senior Subordinated Liabilities.
Unless the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee and any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative waive this requirement, (i) a new Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice may not be delivered unless and until 360 days have elapsed since the delivery of the immediately prior Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice; and (ii) no Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice may be delivered by a Senior Agent in reliance on a Senior Event of Default more than 45 days after the date that Senior Agent received notice of that Senior Event of Default.
The Senior Agents may only serve one Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice with respect to the same event or set of circumstances. Subject to the immediately preceding paragraph, this shall not affect the right of the Senior Agents to issue a Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice in respect of any other event or set of circumstances. No Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice may be served in respect of a Senior Event of Default which had been notified to the Senior Agents at the time at which an earlier Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice was issued.
Any failure to make a payment due under the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents as a result of the issue of a Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice or the occurrence of a Senior Payment Default shall not prevent (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture or any Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents, as applicable) as a consequence of that failure to make a payment in relation to the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents; or (ii) the issue of a Senior Subordinated Enforcement Notice (as defined below) on behalf of the Senior Subordinated Creditors.
Payment obligations and capitalization of interest continue
Neither the relevant Senior Subordinated Guarantor nor any other Debtor shall be released from the liability to make any payment (including of default interest, which shall continue to accrue) under the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Document by the operation of the provisions set out under each section above under the caption ``--Restrictions Relating to Senior Subordinated Creditors and Senior Subordinated Liabilities'' even if its obligation to make such payment is restricted at any time by the terms of any of those provisions.
The accrual and capitalization of interest (if any) in accordance with the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Document shall continue notwithstanding the issue of a Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice.
167

Cure of payment stop
If:
(i) at any time following the issue of a Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice or the occurrence of a Senior Payment Default, that Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice ceases to be outstanding and/or (as the case may be) the Senior Payment Default ceases to be continuing; and
(ii) the relevant Senior Subordinated Guarantor or the relevant Debtor then promptly pays to the Senior Subordinated Creditors an amount equal to any payments which had accrued under the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Document and which would have been Permitted Senior Subordinated Payments but for that Senior Subordinated Payment Stop Notice or Senior Payment Default,
then any Event of Default (including any cross default or similar provision under any other debt document) which may have occurred as a result of that suspension of payments shall be waived, and any Senior Subordinated Enforcement Notice which may have been issued as a result of that Event of Default shall be waived, in each case without any further action being required on the part of the Senior Subordinated Creditors or any other Creditor.
Restrictions on amendments and waivers
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that the Senior Subordinated Creditors, the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuers and the other Debtors may amend or waive the terms of the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents and/or the Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents in accordance with their terms at any time (and subject only to any consent required under them).
Restrictions on enforcement by senior subordinated creditors
Until the Senior Discharge Date, except with the prior consent of or as required by an Instructing Group:
(i) no Senior Subordinated Creditor shall direct the Security Agent to enforce, or otherwise require the enforcement of any security; and
(ii) no Senior Subordinated Creditor shall take or require the taking of any Enforcement Action in relation to the guarantees by a member of the Group of any of the obligations of any member of the Group under the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents and/or Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents,
except as permitted under the provisions set out under the caption ``--Permitted senior subordinated enforcement'' below, provided, however, that no such action required by the Security Agent need be taken except to the extent the Security Agent otherwise is entitled under the Intercreditor Agreement to direct such action.
``Enforcement Action'' is defined as:
(i) in relation to any liabilities:
(A) the acceleration of any liabilities or the making of any declaration that any liabilities are prematurely due and payable (other than as a result of it becoming unlawful for a Senior Secured Creditor or a Senior Subordinated Creditor to perform its obligations under, or of any voluntary or mandatory prepayment arising under, any of the debt documents);
(B) the making of any declaration that any liabilities are payable on demand;
(C) the making of a demand in relation to a liability that is payable on demand;
(D) the making of any demand against any member of the Group in relation to any guarantee liabilities of that member of the Group;
(E) the exercise of any right to require any member of the Group to acquire any liability (including exercising any put or call option against any member of the Group for the redemption or purchase of any liability but excluding any such right which arises as a result of the permitted debt purchase transactions provisions of the Senior Facilities Agreement (or any other similar or equivalent provision of any of the Senior Facility finance documents), the Senior Notes finance documents, the Permitted Senior Financing Documents, the hedging agreements regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents
168

and/or the Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents (the ``Secured Debt Documents'') and/or any other acquisition of liabilities, acquisition or transaction which any member of the Group is not prohibited from entering into by the terms of the Secured Debt Documents and excluding any mandatory offer arising as a result of a change of control or asset sale (howsoever described) as set out in the Senior Secured Notes finance documents or the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents (or any other similar or equivalent provision of any of the Secured Debt Documents);
(ii) the exercise of any right of set-off, account combination or payment netting against any member of the Group in respect of any liabilities other than the exercise of any such right:
(A) as close-out netting by a Hedge Counterparty or by a hedging ancillary lender;
(B) as payment netting by a Hedge Counterparty or by a hedging ancillary lender;
(C) as inter-hedging agreement netting by a Hedge Counterparty;
(D) as inter-hedging ancillary document netting by a hedging ancillary lender; and/or
(E) which is otherwise not prohibited by the terms of any of the Secured Debt Documents, in each case to the extent that the exercise of that right gives effect to a permitted payment; and
(F) the suing for, commencing or joining of any legal or arbitration proceedings against any member of the Group to recover any liabilities;
(iii) the premature termination or close-out of any hedging transaction under any hedging agreement (except save to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement);
(iv) the taking of any steps to enforce or require the enforcement of any security (including the crystallization of any floating charge forming part of the security);
(v) the entry into any composition, compromise, assignment or similar arrangement with any member of the Group which owes any liabilities, or has given any security, guarantee or indemnity or other assurance against loss in respect of the liabilities (other than any action permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement or any debt buy-back, tender offer, exchange offer or similar or equivalent arrangement not otherwise prohibited by the debt documents); or
(vi) the petitioning, applying or voting for, or the taking of any steps (including the appointment of any liquidator, receiver, administrator, insolvency administrator or similar officer) in relation to, the winding up, dissolution administration, opening of insolvency proceedings or reorganization of any member of the Group which owes any liabilities, or has given any security, guarantee, indemnity or other assurance against loss in respect of any of the liabilities, or any of such member of the Group's assets or any suspension of payments or moratorium of any indebtedness of any such member of the Group, or any analogous procedure or step in any jurisdiction,
except that the following shall not constitute Enforcement Action:
(i) the taking of any action falling above which is necessary (but only to the extent necessary) to preserve the validity, existence or priority of claims in respect of liabilities, including the registration of such claims before any court or governmental authority and the bringing, supporting or joining of proceedings to prevent any loss of the right to bring, support or join proceedings by reason of applicable limitation periods; or
(ii) a Senior Secured Creditor or Senior Subordinated Creditor (or any related agent) bringing legal proceedings against any person solely for the purpose of: (a) obtaining injunctive relief (or any analogous remedy outside England and Wales) to restrain any actual or putative breach of any debt document to which it is party, (b) obtaining specific performance (other than specific performance of an obligation to make a payment) with no claim for damages or (c) requesting judicial interpretation of any provision of any debt document to which it is party with no claim for damages; or
(iii) bringing legal proceedings against any person in connection with any securities violation, securities or listing regulations or common law fraud; or
(iv) to the extent entitled by law, the taking of any action against any creditor (or any agent, trustee or receiver acting on behalf of that creditor) to challenge the basis on which any sale or disposal is to take place pursuant to the powers granted to those persons under any relevant documentation; or
169

(v) any person consenting to, or the taking of any other action pursuant to or in connection with, any merger, consolidation, reorganization or any other similar or equivalent step or transaction initiated or undertaken by a member of the Group (or any analogous procedure or step in any jurisdiction) that is not prohibited by the terms of the Secured Debt Documents to which it is a party.
Permitted senior subordinated enforcement
The restrictions set out in the caption ``--Restrictions on Enforcement by Senior Subordinated Creditors'' above will not apply to instructions to enforce the Shared Security or the liabilities of the Senior Subordinated Guarantors if:
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement, as applicable, each a ``Senior Subordinated Event of Default'') (the ``Relevant Senior Subordinated Default'') is continuing;
(ii) each Senior Agent has received a notice of the Relevant Senior Subordinated Default specifying the event or circumstance in relation to the Relevant Senior Subordinated Default from the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee or the Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative, as the case may be;
(iii) a Senior Subordinated Standstill Period (as defined below) has elapsed; and
(iv) the Relevant Senior Subordinated Default is continuing at the end of the relevant Senior Subordinated Standstill Period.
Promptly upon becoming aware of a Senior Subordinated Event of Default, the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee or the Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative, as the case may be, may by notice (a ``Senior Subordinated Enforcement Notice'') in writing notify the Senior Agents of the existence of such Senior Subordinated Event of Default.
Senior subordinated standstill period
In relation to a Relevant Senior Subordinated Default, a Senior Subordinated Standstill Period shall mean the period beginning on the date (the ``Senior Subordinated Standstill Start Date'') the relevant Senior Agent serves a Senior Subordinated Enforcement Notice on each of the Senior Agents in respect of such Senior Subordinated Event of Default and ending on the earlier to occur of:
(i) the date falling 179 days after the Senior Subordinated Standstill Start Date;
(ii) the date the Senior Secured Parties take any Enforcement Action in relation to a particular guarantor of the Senior Subordinated Notes and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt (a ``Senior Subordinated Guarantor''), provided, however, that if a Senior Subordinated Standstill Period ends pursuant to this paragraph, the Senior Subordinated Creditors may only take the same Enforcement Action in relation to the Senior Subordinated Guarantor as the Enforcement Action taken by the Senior Secured Parties against such Senior Subordinated Guarantor and not against any other member of the Group;
(iii) the date of an Insolvency Event in relation to the relevant Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer or a particular Senior Subordinated Guarantor against whom Enforcement Action is to be taken;
(iv) the expiry of any other Senior Subordinated Standstill Period outstanding at the date such first mentioned Senior Subordinated Standstill Period commenced (unless that expiry occurs as a result of a cure, waiver or other permitted remedy);
(v) the date on which the consent of each of the Senior Facility Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Senior Lenders), any Senior Secured Notes Trustee (acting on behalf of the Senior Secured Note holders) and any Senior Secured Creditor Representative (acting on the instructions the Majority Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors) has been obtained; and
(vi) a failure to pay the principal amount outstanding under the Senior Subordinated Notes or on any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt, as the case may be, at the final stated maturity of the amounts outstanding under the Senior Subordinated Notes or on the Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt, as the case may be (provided that, unless the Senior Lender Discharge Date has occurred or as otherwise agreed by the Majority Senior Lenders and the Parent, such final stated
170

maturity has not been amended to fall on a date prior to the date falling 96 months after the date of the Intercreditor Agreement) (the ``Senior Subordinated Standstill Period'').
Subsequent senior subordinated event of default
The Senior Subordinated Finance Parties may take Enforcement Action under the provisions set out under the caption ``--Permitted Senior Subordinated Enforcement'' above in relation to a Senior Subordinated Event of Default even if, at the end of any relevant Senior Subordinated Standstill Period or at any later time, a further Senior Subordinated Standstill Period has begun as a result of any other Senior Subordinated Event of Default.
Enforcement on behalf of senior subordinated creditors
If the Security Agent has notified each of the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee and any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative (the ``Senior Subordinated Agents'') that it is enforcing security created pursuant to any security document over shares or assets of a Senior Subordinated Guarantor, no Senior Subordinated Creditor may take any action referred to under the provisions set out under the caption ``--Permitted Senior Subordinated Enforcement'' above against that Senior Subordinated Guarantor (or any subsidiary of that Senior Subordinated Guarantor) while the Security Agent is taking steps to enforce that security in accordance with the instructions of an Instructing Group where such action might be reasonably likely to adversely affect such enforcement or the amount of proceeds to be derived therefrom.
Option to Purchase: Senior Subordinated Creditors
Subject to the following paragraphs, any of the Senior Subordinated Agents (on behalf of the Senior Subordinated Creditors) may, after an acceleration event under any of the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes or in relation to any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt which is continuing, by giving not less than 10 days' notice to the Security Agent, require the transfer to the Senior Subordinated Creditors of all, but not part, of the rights, benefits and obligations in respect of the Senior Lender Liabilities, the Senior Secured Notes liabilities and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities (the ``Senior Secured Liabilities'') if:
(i) that transfer is lawful and, subject to paragraph (ii) below, otherwise permitted by the terms of the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement (as applicable);
(ii) any conditions relating to such a transfer contained in the Senior Facilities Agreement (in the case of the Senior Lender Liabilities), the Senior Secured Notes Indenture (in the case of the Senior Secured Notes liabilities) and any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement (in the case of the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities) are complied with, in each case, other than as specified in the Intercreditor Agreement;
(iii) each of the Senior Facility Agent, on behalf of the Senior Lenders, the Senior Secured Notes Trustee, on behalf of the relevant Senior Note holders and the applicable Senior Secured Creditor Representative, on behalf of the relevant Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors, is paid the amounts required under the Intercreditor Agreement;
(iv) as a result of that transfer the Senior Lenders, the Senior Secured Note holders and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors have no further actual or contingent liability to the Parent or any other Debtor under the relevant Secured Debt Documents;
(v) an indemnity is provided from each Senior Subordinated Creditor (other than any Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee) in respect of all costs, expenses, losses and liabilities which may be sustained or incurred by any Senior Lender, Senior Secured Note holder or Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditor in consequence of any sum received or recovered by any such party from any person being required (or it being alleged that it is required) to be paid back by or clawed back from any Senior Lender or Senior Secured Note holder, Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditor for any reason; and
(vi) the transfer is made without recourse to, or representation or warranty from, the Senior Lenders, the Senior Secured Note holders or the Permitted Senior Secured Financing, except that each of them shall be deemed to have represented and warranted on the date of that transfer that it has the
171

corporate power to effect that transfer and it has taken all necessary action to authorize the making by it of that transfer.
Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, a Senior Subordinated Agent (on behalf of all the Senior Subordinated Creditors) may only require a transfer of Senior Secured Liabilities if, at the same time, they require a transfer of Hedging Liabilities regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement and if, for any reason, such transfer cannot be made in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, no transfer of Senior Secured Liabilities may be required to be made.
At the request of a Senior Subordinated Agent (on behalf of all the Senior Subordinated Creditors), the Senior Facility Agent, the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and any relevant Senior Secured Creditor Representative shall notify the Senior Subordinated Agents of the foregoing payable sums in connection with such transfer.
Effect of insolvency event; filing of claims
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that, among other things, after the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to any Debtor, or, following an acceleration event which is continuing, any member of the Group, any party entitled to receive a distribution out of the assets of that member of the Group in respect of liabilities owed to that party shall, (if prior to a Distress Event, only if required by the Security Agent arising on the instructions of an Instructing Group), subject to receiving payment instructions and any other relevant information from the Security Agent and to the extent it is able to do so, including pursuant to applicable law and regulation, direct the person responsible for the distribution of the assets of that member of the Group to pay that distribution to the Security Agent until the liabilities owing to the secured parties have been paid in full. In this respect, the Security Agent shall apply distributions paid to it in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Application of proceeds'' below.
Subject to certain exceptions, to the extent that any member of the Group's liabilities are discharged by way of set-off (mandatory or otherwise) after the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to that member of the Group and any creditor which benefited from that set-off shall (if prior to a Distress Event, only if required by the Security Agent arising on the instructions of an Instructing Group), subject to receiving payment instructions and any other relevant information from the Security Agent, pay an amount equal to the amount of the liabilities owed to it which are discharged by that set-off to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the provisions set out in the caption ``--Application of proceeds'' below and subject to certain exceptions.
Subject to the provisions set out in the caption ``--Application of proceeds'' below, if the Security Agent or any other secured party receives a distribution in a form other than in cash in respect of any of the liabilities, the liabilities will not be reduced by that distribution until and except to the extent that the realization proceeds are actually applied towards the liabilities.
After the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to any Debtor or, following an acceleration event which is continuing, any member of the Group and each creditor irrevocably authorizes the Security Agent, on its behalf, to:
(i) take any Enforcement Action (in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) against that member of the Group;
(ii) demand, sue, prove and give receipt for any or all of that member of Group's liabilities;
(iii) collect and receive all distributions on, or on account of, any or all of that member of Group's liabilities; and
(iv) file claims, take proceedings and do all other things the Security Agent considers reasonably necessary to recover in respect of that member of Group's liabilities.
Each creditor will (i) do all things that the Security Agent reasonably requests in order to give effect to the matters referred to in this ``--Effect of Insolvency Event; Filing of Claims'' section and (ii) if the Security Agent is not entitled to take any of the actions contemplated by this ``--Effect of Insolvency Event; Filing of Claims'' section or if the Security Agent requests that a creditor take that action, undertake that action itself in accordance with the instructions of the Security Agent or grant a power of attorney to the Security Agent (on such terms as the Security Agent may reasonably require, although the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee shall be under no obligation to grant such powers of attorney) to enable the Security Agent to take such action.
172

Turnover
Turnover by primary creditors
Subject to certain exceptions, the Intercreditor Agreement provides that prior to the Senior Discharge Date if any Primary Creditor receives or recovers from any member of the Group the proceeds of any enforcement of any security or, following the occurrence of a Distress Event, proceeds which should have otherwise been received, recovered or realized by the Security Agent pursuant to the debt documents, that Primary Creditor will: (i) in relation to receipts and recoveries not received or recovered by way of set-off (x) hold an amount of that receipt or recovery equal to the relevant liabilities (or if less, the amount received or recovered) on trust for the Security Agent and subject to receiving payment instructions and any other relevant information from the Security Agent, promptly pay that amount to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and (y) subject to receiving payment instructions and any other relevant information the Security Agent, promptly pay an amount equal to the amount (if any) by which the receipt or recovery exceeds the relevant liabilities to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; and (ii) in relation to receipts and recoveries received or recovered by way of set-off, subject to receiving payment instructions and any other relevant information from the Security Agent, promptly pay an amount equal to that receipt or recovery to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
Turnover by senior subordinated creditors and subordinated creditors
Subject to certain exceptions, the Intercreditor Agreement provides that prior to the Senior Discharge Date if any Senior Subordinated Creditor or prior to the Final Discharge Date, Subordinated Creditor receives or recovers from any member of the Group (other than the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer):
(i) any payment or distribution of, or on account of or in relation to, any of the liabilities which is prohibited under the Intercreditor Agreement or is not in accordance with the provisions set out below the caption ``--Application of proceeds;'';
(ii) other than as referred to in the second paragraph of the caption ``--Effect of Insolvency Event; Filing of Claims'' any amount by way of set-off in respect of any of the liabilities owed to it which does not give effect to a payment permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement;
(iii) other than by way of set-off, any amount:
(A) on account of, or in relation to, any of the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities, Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities, Investor Liabilities or Intra-Group Liabilities (x) after the occurrence of a Distress Event or (y) as a result of any other litigation or proceedings against a Debtor or a member of the Group (other than after the occurrence of an insolvency event in respect of that Debtor or that member of the Group); or
(B) by way of set-off in respect of any of the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities, Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities, Investor Liabilities or Intra-Group Liabilities owed to it after the occurrence of a Distress Event,
other than, in each case, any amount received or recovered in accordance with the provisions set out below the caption ``--Application of proceeds;'' or
(iv) subject to certain exceptions, any distribution in cash or in kind or payment of, or on account of or in relation to, any of the liabilities owed by any member of Group which is not in accordance with the provisions set out in the caption ``--Application of proceeds'' and which is made as a result of, or after, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in respect of that member of Group,
that Senior Subordinated Creditor or Subordinated Creditor (as applicable) will, subject to certain exceptions: (i) in relation to receipts and recoveries not received or recovered by way of set-off (x) hold an amount of that receipt or recovery equal to the relevant liabilities (or if less, the amount received or recovered) on trust for the Security Agent and subject to receiving payment instructions and any other relevant information from the Security Agent, promptly pay that amount to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and (y) subject to receiving payment instructions and any other relevant information from the Security Agent, promptly pay an amount equal to the amount (if any) by which the receipt or recovery exceeds the relevant liabilities to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; and (ii) in
173

relation to receipts and recoveries received or recovered by way of set-off, subject to receiving payment instructions and any other relevant information from the Security Agent, promptly pay an amount equal to that receipt or recovery to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
Enforcement of security
Enforcement instructions
The Security Agent may refrain from enforcing: (a) the security unless instructed otherwise by (i) an Instructing Group; or (ii) if required as set out under the fourth paragraph of this section, the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors; and (b) the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security unless instructed otherwise by the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors.
Subject to the security having become enforceable in accordance with its terms (i) an Instructing Group; or (ii) to the extent permitted to enforce or to require the enforcement of the Shared Security prior to the Senior Discharge Date under the provisions under the caption ``--Restrictions Relating to Senior Subordinated Creditors and Senior Subordinated Liabilities'' above, the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors, may give or refrain from giving, instructions to the Security Agent to enforce, or refrain from enforcing, the security as they see fit.
Subject to the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security having become enforceable in accordance with its terms the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors may give or refrain from giving instructions to the Security Agent to enforce or refrain from enforcing the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security as they see fit.
Prior to the Senior Discharge Date, (i) if an Instructing Group has instructed the Security Agent not to enforce or to cease enforcing the security or (ii) in the absence of instructions from an Instructing Group, and, in each case, an Instructing Group has not required any Debtor to make a distressed disposal, the Security Agent shall give effect to any instructions to enforce the Shared Security which the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors are then entitled to give to the Security Agent under the provisions under the caption ``--Restrictions Relating to Senior Subordinated Creditors and Senior Subordinated Liabilities'' above.
Subject to certain provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, no secured party shall have any independent power to enforce, or to have recourse to enforce, any security or to exercise any rights or powers arising under the security documents except through the Security Agent.
Manner of enforcement
If the security is being enforced as set forth above under the caption ``--Enforcement Instructions,'' the Security Agent shall enforce the security in such manner (including, without limitation, the selection of any administrator or equivalent officer of any Debtor to be appointed by the Security Agent) as:
(i) an Instructing Group; or
(ii) prior to the Senior Discharge Date and only insofar as the security concerned is Shared Security, if (i) the Security Agent has, pursuant to the fourth paragraph of this ``--Enforcement of Security'' section, given effect to instructions given by the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors to enforce the Shared Security and (ii) an Instructing Group has not given instructions as to the manner of enforcement of the security, the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors,
shall instruct or, in the absence of any such instructions, as the Security Agent sees fit.
In the event that following receipt of instructions from an Instructing Group (an ``Initial Enforcement Notice'') conflicting enforcement instructions are received by the Security Agent or no instructions are received from Senior Secured Creditors entitled to give such instructions as an Instructing Group, the Security Agent shall enforce the security, refrain or cease from enforcing the security or, as the case may be, take the relevant other Enforcement Action in accordance with the instructions given the holders of more than 50% of the total ``Senior Secured Credit Participations,'' being the aggregate of all outstanding liabilities under certain hedging liabilities, the Senior Secured Notes and any other indebtedness sharing the Collateral on a first-ranking basis other than the Super Priority Creditors (in each case provided that such instructions are consistent with any applicable requirements of the Intercreditor Agreement and the security documents) and the terms of all instructions given by any other Instructing Group shall be deemed revoked.
174

If, prior to the Senior Lender Discharge Date: (i) the Super-Priority Creditors have not been fully repaid within six months of the date on which the
Initial Enforcement Notice was received; (ii) the Security Agent has not commenced any enforcement of the security (or a transaction in lieu
thereof) or other Enforcement Action within three months of the date on which the Initial Enforcement Notice was received; or (iii) an Insolvency Event has occurred and the Security Agent has not commenced any enforcement of the Transaction Security (or a transaction in lieu thereof) or other Enforcement Action at that time, then the Security Agent shall follow the instructions given by the Majority Senior Super-Priority Creditors (in each case provided that such instructions are consistent with any applicable requirements of the Intercreditor Agreement and the security documents).
Exercise of voting rights To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, each Subordinated Creditor shall agree with the Security Agent that it will cast its vote in any proposal put to the vote by, or under the supervision of, any judicial or supervisory authority in respect of any insolvency, pre-insolvency or rehabilitation or similar proceedings relating to any member of the Group as instructed by the Security Agent. The Security Agent shall give instructions for the purposes of this paragraph as directed by an Instructing Group or, in the case of the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer, the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no party can exercise or require any other creditor under the Intercreditor Agreement to exercise its power of voting or representation to waive, reduce, discharge, extend the due date for payment or otherwise reschedule any of the liabilities owed to that creditor.
Waiver of rights To the extent permitted under applicable law and subject to certain provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, each of the secured parties and the Debtors waives all rights it may otherwise have to require that the security or the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security be enforced in any particular order or manner or at any particular time, or that any sum received or recovered from any person, or by virtue of the enforcement of any of the security or the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security or of any other security interest, which is capable of being applied in or towards discharge of any of the secured obligations, is so applied.
Security held by other creditors If any security is held by a creditor other than the Security Agent, then that creditor may only enforce that security in accordance with instructions given by an Instructing Group pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (and for this purpose references to the Security Agent shall be construed as references to that creditor).
Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security The Senior Subordinated Notes Creditors or an agent acting on their behalf may enforce the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security as provided for under the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes Finance Documents.
Duties owed Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, each of the secured parties and the Debtors acknowledges that, in the event that the Security Agent enforces, or is instructed to enforce, the security prior to the Senior Discharge Date, the duties of the Security Agent and of any receiver or delegate owed to any Senior Subordinated Creditors in respect of the method, type and timing of that enforcement or of the exploitation, management or realization of any of that security shall be no different to or greater than the duty that is owed by the Security Agent, receiver or delegate to the Debtors under general law.
175

Proceeds of disposals
Non-distressed disposals
The Security Agent is irrevocably authorized and instructed (at the request and cost of the relevant Debtor or the Parent) to promptly release (or procure that any other relevant person releases):
(i) any security (and/or any other claim relating to a debt document) over any asset which is the subject of:
(A) a disposal not prohibited by the terms of the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement, the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement (each a ``Debt Financing Agreement'') (including a disposal to a member of the Group, but without prejudice to any obligation of any member of the Group in a Debt Financing Agreement to provide replacement security); or
(B) any other transaction not prohibited by the terms of any Debt Financing Agreement pursuant to which that asset will cease to be held or owned by a member of the Group;
(ii) any security (and/or any other claim relating to a debt document) over any document or agreement in order for any member of the Group to effect any amendment or waiver in respect of that document or agreement or otherwise exercise any rights, comply with any obligations or take any action in relation to that document or agreement (in each case to the extent not prohibited by the terms of any Debt Financing Agreement);
(iii) any security (and/or any other claim relating to a debt document) over any asset of any member of the Group which has ceased to be a Debtor; and
(iv) any security (and/or any other claim relating to a debt document) over any other asset to the extent that such release is in accordance with the terms of the Debt Financing Agreements.
In the case of a disposal of shares or other ownership interests in a Debtor (or any holding company of any Debtor), or any other transaction pursuant to which a Debtor (or any holding company of any Debtor) will cease to be a member of the Group or a Debtor, the Security Agent (on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties (as defined below)) shall (at the request and cost of the relevant Debtor or the Parent) promptly release (or procure the release of) that Debtor and its subsidiaries from all present and future liabilities under the Secured Debt Documents.
When making any request for a release pursuant to this ``--Non-Distressed Disposals'' section, the Parent shall confirm in writing to the Security Agent that:
(i) in the case of any release requested pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) above, the relevant disposal or other action is not prohibited by the terms of any Debt Financing Agreement; or
(ii) in the case of any release requested pursuant to paragraph (iv) above, the relevant release is in accordance with terms of the Debt Financing Agreements,
and the Security Agent shall be entitled to rely on that confirmation for all purposes under the Secured Debt Documents.
In the case of any release of security requested by the Parent pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Senior Facilities Agreement as part of a permitted transaction under the Senior Facilities Agreement, when making that request the Parent shall confirm to the Security Agent that:
(i) such request is a permitted transaction request (and absent any such statement in a request for a release the Security Agent shall be entitled to assume for all purposes that such request is not a permitted transaction request); and
(ii) it has determined in good faith (taking into account any applicable legal limitations and other relevant considerations in relation to that permitted transaction) that it is either not possible or not desirable to implement that permitted transaction on terms satisfactory to the Parent by instead granting additional security and/or amending the terms of the existing security,
and the Security Agent shall be entitled to rely on that confirmation for all purposes under the Secured Debt Documents.
176

The Security Agent shall (at the cost and expense of the relevant Debtor or the Parent but without the need for any further consent, sanction, authority or further confirmation from any Creditor or Debtor) promptly enter into and deliver such documentation and/or take such other action as the Parent (acting reasonably) shall require to give effect to any release or other matter described above.
If any member of the Group is required or not prohibited under the senior debt documents to apply the proceeds of any disposal or other transaction in prepayment, redemption or any other discharge or reduction of the Senior Lender Liabilities, the Hedging Liabilities, the Senior Secured Notes liabilities or the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities (as applicable) (together, the ``Senior Liabilities'') then no such application of those proceeds shall require the consent of any other party or result in any breach of any Senior Subordinated Finance Documents and such application shall discharge in full any obligation to apply those proceeds in prepayment, redemption or other discharge or reduction of any Senior Subordinated Liabilities.
Distressed disposals
A ``Distressed Disposal'' is a disposal of an asset which is (a) being effected at the request of an Instructing Group in circumstances where the security has become enforceable in accordance with the terms of the relevant security documents, (b) being effected by enforcement of security in accordance with the terms of the relevant security documents or (c) being disposed of to a third-party subsequent to a Distress Event.
If a Distressed Disposal of any asset is being effected, the Security Agent is irrevocably authorized (at the cost of the relevant Debtor or the Parent and without any consent, sanction, authority or further confirmation from any creditor or Debtor):
(i) to release the security or any other claim over that asset and execute and deliver or enter into any release of that security or claim and issue any letters of non-crystallization of any floating charge or any consent to dealing that may, in the discretion of the Security Agent, be considered necessary or desirable;
(ii) if the asset which is disposed of consists of shares in the capital of a Debtor to release:
(A) that Debtor and any subsidiary of that Debtor from all or any part of its borrowing liabilities, its guarantee liabilities and its other liabilities;
(B) any security granted by that Debtor or any subsidiary of that Debtor over any of its assets; and
(C) any other claim of an investor, an intra-group lender, or another Debtor over that Debtor's assets or over the assets of any subsidiary of that Debtor,
on behalf of the relevant creditors, Debtors and agents;
(iii) if the asset which is disposed of consists of shares in the capital of any holding company of a Debtor, to release:
(A) that holding company and any subsidiary of that holding company from all or any part of its borrowing liabilities, its guarantees liabilities and its other liabilities;
(B) any security granted by that holding company or any subsidiary of that holding company over any of its assets; and
(C) any other claim of any investor, any intra-group lender or another Debtor over that holding company's assets or the assets of any subsidiary of that holding company,
on behalf of the relevant creditors, Debtors and agents;
(iv) if the asset which is disposed of consists of shares in the capital of a Debtor or the holding company of a Debtor and the Security Agent (acting in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) decides to dispose of all or any part of the liabilities or the Debtor liabilities owed by that Debtor or holding company or any subsidiary of that Debtor or holding company:
(A) (if the Security Agent (acting in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) does not intend that any transferee of those liabilities or Debtor liabilities (the ``Transferee'') will be treated as a Primary Creditor or the Security Agent, any receiver or delegate and each of the agents, the arrangers, the Senior Secured Creditors and the Senior Subordinated Creditors (each a ``Secured Party'') for the purposes of the Intercreditor Agreement), to execute and deliver or
177

enter into any agreement to dispose of all or part of those liabilities or Debtor liabilities, provided that, notwithstanding any other provision of any debt document, the Transferee shall not be treated as a Primary Creditor or a Secured Party for the purposes of the Intercreditor Agreement; and
(B) (if the Security Agent (acting in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) does intend that any Transferee will be treated as a Primary Creditor or a Secured Party for the purposes of the Intercreditor Agreement), to execute and deliver or enter into any agreement to dispose of: all (and not part only) of the liabilities owed to the Primary Creditors and all or part of any other liabilities and the Debtor liabilities,
on behalf of, in each case, the relevant creditors and Debtors;
(v) if the asset which is disposed of consists of shares in the capital of a Debtor or the holding company of a Debtor (the ``Disposed Entity'') and the Security Agent (acting in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) decides to transfer to another Debtor (the ``Receiving Entity'') all or any part of the Disposed Entity's obligations or any obligations of any subsidiary of that Disposed Entity in respect of the intra-group liabilities or the Debtor liabilities, to execute and deliver or enter into any agreement to:
(A) agree to the transfer of all or part of the obligations in respect of those intra-group liabilities or Debtor liabilities on behalf of the relevant intra-group lenders and Debtors to which those obligations are owed and on behalf of the Debtors which owe those obligations; and
(B) (if the Receiving Entity is a holding company of the Disposed Entity which is also a guarantor of Senior Liabilities) to accept the transfer of all or part of the obligations in respect of those intragroup liabilities or Debtor liabilities on behalf of the Receiving Entity or Receiving Entities to which the obligations in respect of those intra-group liabilities or Debtor liabilities are to be transferred.
The net proceeds of each Distressed Disposal (and the net proceeds of any disposal of liabilities or Debtor liabilities) shall be paid to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Application of proceeds'' as if those proceeds were the proceeds of an enforcement of the security and, to the extent that any disposal of liabilities or Debtor liabilities has occurred, as if that disposal of liabilities or Debtor liabilities had not occurred.
In the case of a Distressed Disposal (or a disposal of liabilities) effected by, or at the request of, the Security Agent (acting in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement), the Security Agent shall take reasonable care to obtain a fair market price in the prevailing market conditions (though the Security Agent shall not have any obligation to postpone any such Distressed Disposal or disposal of liabilities in order to achieve a higher price).
Where borrowing liabilities in respect of any Senior Liabilities would otherwise be released pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the creditor concerned may elect to have those borrowing liabilities transferred to the Parent in which case the Security Agent is irrevocably authorized (to the extent legally possible and at the cost of the relevant Debtor or the Parent and without any consent, sanction, authority or further confirmation from any creditor or Debtor) to execute such documents as are required to so transfer those borrowing liabilities.
Subject to the immediately following paragraph, in the case of a Distressed Disposal effected by or at the request of the Security Agent, unless the consent of each Senior Agent is otherwise obtained, it is a further condition to any release, transfer or disposal that the proceeds of such disposal are in cash (or substantially all in cash) and such sale or disposal is made pursuant to a Public Auction in respect of which the Primary Creditors are entitled to participate or where a Financial Adviser has delivered an opinion in respect of such sale or disposal that the amount received in connection therewith is fair from a financial point of view. The Primary Creditors shall be entitled to receive access to any valuation report commissioned by a member of the Group in connection with any Public Auction (provided access is given to the other Primary Creditors at the same time).
If prior to the discharge date for the Senior Subordinated Notes or any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt, a Distressed Disposal is being effected such that the Senior Subordinated Notes Guarantees and the guarantees of any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt or any security over the assets of a Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer or any Senior Subordinated Guarantor will be released
178

and/or the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities and any Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities will be released or disposed of, it is a further condition to the release that either:
(i) the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee and any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative has approved the release; or
(ii) where shares or assets of a Senior Subordinated Guarantor or assets of the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer are sold:
(A) the proceeds of such sale or disposal are in cash (or substantially in cash);
(B) all claims of the Senior Secured Creditors against a member of the Group (if any), all of whose shares (other than any minority interest not owned by members of the Group) are sold or disposed of pursuant to such Distressed Disposal, are unconditionally released and discharged or sold or disposed of concurrently with such sale (and are not assumed by the purchaser or one of its affiliates), and all security under the security documents in respect of the assets that are sold or disposed of is simultaneously and unconditionally released and discharged concurrently with such sale, provided that, if each Senior Agent (acting reasonably and in good faith):
(I) determines that the Senior Secured Creditors will recover a greater amount if such claim is sold or otherwise transferred to the purchaser or one of its affiliates and not released or discharged; and
(II) serves a written notice on the Security Agent confirming the same,
the Security Agent shall be entitled to sell or otherwise transfer such claim to the purchaser or one of its affiliates; and
(C) such sale or disposal is made:
(I) pursuant to a Public Auction in respect of which the Primary Creditors are entitled to participate; or
(II) where a Financial Adviser has delivered an opinion in respect of such sale or disposal that the amount received in connection therewith is fair from a financial point of view.
Senior Subordinated Distressed Disposals
If a Senior Subordinated Distressed Disposal of any asset is being effected, the Security Agent is irrevocably authorized (at the cost of the Investors and without any consent, sanction, authority or further confirmation from any creditor or Debtor):
(i) to release the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security or any other claim over that asset and execute and deliver or enter into any release of that security or claim and issue any letters of non-crystallization of any floating charge or any consent to dealing that may, in the discretion of the Security Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Senior Subordinated Creditors), be considered necessary or desirable;
(ii) if the asset which is disposed of consists of shares in the capital of the Parent, to release the Parent and any of its subsidiaries from all or any part of its Investor Liabilities on behalf of the Investors;
(iii) if the asset which is disposed of consists of shares in the capital of any holding company of the Parent, to release:
the Parent and any of subsidiary of that holding company from all or any part of the Investor Liabilities; and
any Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security; and
(iv) if the asset which is disposed of consists of shares in the capital of the Parent or a holding company of the Parent and the Security Agent (acting in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) decides to dispose of all or any part of the Investor Liabilities owed by the Parent or holding company or any subsidiary of the Parent or holding company to execute and deliver or enter into any agreement to dispose of all or part of those Investor Liabilities on behalf of, in each case, the Investors.
179

The net proceeds of each Senior Subordinated Distressed Disposal (and the net proceeds of any disposal of Investor Liabilities) shall be paid to the Security Agent for application in accordance with the provisions set out under the caption ``--Application of proceeds'' as if those proceeds were the proceeds of an enforcement of the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security and, to the extent that any disposal of Investor Liabilities has occurred, as if that disposal of liabilities or Investor Liabilities had not occurred.
In the case of a Senior Subordinated Distressed Disposal (or a disposal of Investor Liabilities) effected by, or at the request of, the Security Agent (acting in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement), the Security Agent shall take reasonable care to obtain a fair market price in the prevailing market conditions (though the Security Agent shall not have any obligation to postpone any such Senior Subordinated Notes Distressed Disposal or disposal of Investor Liabilities in order to achieve a higher price).
Application of proceeds
Order of application
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that the Recoveries (other than recoveries in respect of the Senior Secured Notes Only Security) shall be applied by the Security Agent at any time as the Security Agent (in its discretion) sees fit, to the extent permitted by applicable law (and subject to the provisions of this ``--Application of proceeds'' section), in the following order of priority:
(i) in discharging any sums owing to the Security Agent, any receiver or any delegate on a pro rata and pari passu basis;
(ii) in discharging any sums owing to the Senior Facility Agent (in respect of the amounts due to the Senior Facility Agent), any Senior Creditor Representative (in respect of amounts due to the Senior Creditor Representative), any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative (in respect of amounts due to the Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative) or any Senior Notes Trustee amounts or Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee amounts on a pro rata and pari passu basis;
(iii) in payment of all costs and expenses incurred by any agent or Primary Creditor in connection with any realization or enforcement of the security taken in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or any action taken at the request of the Security Agent under the Intercreditor Agreement;
(iv) in payment to:
(A) the Senior Facility Agent on its own behalf and on behalf of the senior arrangers and the Senior Lenders; and
(B) the Hedge Counterparties;
for application towards the discharge of:
(I) the liabilities of the Debtors owing to the arrangers under or in connection with the Senior Facility and the Senior Lender Liabilities (in accordance with the terms of the finance documents relating to the Senior Facility); and
(II) the Super-Priority Hedging Liabilities (on a pro rata basis between the Super-Priority Hedging Liabilities of each Super-Priority Hedge Counterparty);
on a pro rata basis and pari passu between the immediately preceding paragraphs (I) to (III) above;
(v) in payment to:
(A) each Senior Notes Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the holders of the Senior Notes;
(B) each Non Super-Priority Hedge Counterparty; and
(C) each Senior Creditor Representative on its own behalf and on behalf of the arrangers with respect to the Permitted Senior Financing Debt and the Permitted Senior Financing Creditors,
for application towards the discharge of:
(I) the Senior Secured Notes liabilities (other than sums owing to the Security Agent) (in accordance with the terms of the Senior Secured Notes finance documents);
(II) the Non-Super Priority Hedging Liabilities; and
180

(III) the liabilities of the Debtors owed to the arrangers of the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt and the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities (other than the liabilities owing to a Senior Creditor Representative) (in accordance with the terms of the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Documents and, if there is more than one Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement, on a pro rata basis between the Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt in respect of each Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement);
on a pro rata basis and pari passu between the immediately preceding paragraphs (I) to (III) above in payment to the Senior Non-Super-Priority Creditors for application towards the discharge of the Senior Liabilities on a pro rata basis and pari passu;
(vi) in relation to the Shared Security only, in payment to the Senior Subordinated Creditors for application towards the discharge of the Senior Subordinated Liabilities on a pro rata basis and pari passu; and
(vii) if none of the Debtors is under any further actual or contingent liability under any Secured Debt Document, in payment to any person to whom the Security Agent is obliged to pay in priority to any Debtor; and
(viii) the balance, if any, in payment to the relevant Debtor.
Order of application--Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that all amounts from time to time received or recovered by the Security Agent in connection with the realization or enforcement of all or any part of the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security shall be applied by the Security Agent at any time as the Security Agent (in its discretion) sees fit, to the extent permitted by applicable law (and subject to the provisions of this ``--Application of proceeds'' section), in the following order of priority:
(i) in discharging any sums owing to the Security Agent, any receiver or any delegate on a pari passu basis;
(ii) in discharging any Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee amounts and any sums owing to any Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative;
(iii) in payment of all costs and expenses incurred by any Senior Subordinated Creditor in connection with any realization or enforcement of the Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security;
(iv) in payment to;
(A) each Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the Senior Subordinated Note holders; and
(B) each Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative on its own behalf and on behalf of the arrangers with respect to the Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditors,
for application towards discharge of:
(I) the Senior Subordinated Notes liabilities (in accordance with the terms of the Senior Subordinated Notes finance documents); and
(II) the liabilities of the Debtors owed to the arrangers of the Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt and the Permitted Subordinated Financing Liabilities (other than the liabilities owed to a Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative (in accordance with the terms of the Permitted Subordinated Financing Documents and, if there is more than one Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement, on a pro rata basis between the Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt in respect of each Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement),
on a pro rata basis and pari passu;
(v) if none of the Debtors is under any further actual or contingent liability under any Secured Debt Document, in payment to any person to whom the Security Agent is obliged to pay in priority to any Debtor; and
(vi) the balance, if any, in payment to the relevant Debtor.
181

Liabilities of the senior Subordinated debt issuer
All amounts from time to time received or recovered by the Security Agent from or in respect of the Senior Subordinated Debt Issuer pursuant to the terms of any debt document (other than in connection with the realization or enforcement of all or any part of the security) shall be held by the Security Agent on trust to apply them at any time as the Security Agent (in its discretion) sees fit, to the extent permitted by applicable law in accordance with the order of priority set out under the caption ``--Application of proceeds--Order of application--Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security''.
Debt refinancing
The Intercreditor Agreement permits any of the liabilities under the debt documents to be refinanced, replaced, increased or otherwise restructured in whole or in part including by way of Permitted Senior Financing Debt and/or Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt or the issue of additional Senior Secured Notes and/or additional Senior Subordinated Notes (a ``Debt Refinancing''). Each party to the Intercreditor Agreement shall, subject to any contrary provision of the Senior Facilities Agreement, be required to enter into any amendment to or replacement of the then current Secured Debt Documents and/or take such other action as is required by the Parent in order to facilitate such a Debt Refinancing including changes to, the taking of, or release and retake of, any guarantee or security, subject to certain conditions. At the option of the Parent, a Debt Refinancing may be made available on a basis which is senior to, pari passu with or junior to any of the other liabilities, shall be entitled to benefit from all or any of the security, may be made available on a secured or unsecured basis (subject to certain restrictions) and may be effected in whole or in part by way of a debt exchange, non-cash rollover or other similar or equivalent transaction, in each case unless otherwise prohibited by any of the Debt Financing Agreements. Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, each agent, each Secured Party and each Primary Creditor agrees that it shall co-operate with the Parent, each other member of the Group and each agent in order to facilitate any Debt Refinancing (including by way of, at the request and cost of the Parent, executing any document or agreement and/or giving instructions to any person). In the event of any refinancing or replacement of all or any part of the Senior Lender Liabilities (or any such refinancing or replacement indebtedness from time to time), the Parent shall be entitled to require that the definition of Instructing Group is amended such that the relevant refinancing or replacement indebtedness is treated in the same manner as the Senior Facility (meaning that for the purpose of calculating the voting entitlement of any person, at the option of the Parent all or any part of the relevant refinancing or replacement indebtedness may be treated as Senior Secured Credit Participations of the Senior SuperPriority Creditors and not Secured Notes/Permitted Financing Credit Participations).
Required consents
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, it and/or a security document may be amended or waived only with the written consent of:
(i) if the relevant amendment or waiver (the ``Proposed Amendment'') is prohibited by the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Senior Facility Agent (acting on the instructions of the requisite Senior Lenders in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Senior Facilities Agreement);
(ii) if the Proposed Amendment is prohibited by the terms of the relevant Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Senior Secured Notes Trustee (acting on the instructions of the requisite Senior Secured Note Holders);
(iii) if any Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt has been incurred and the Proposed Amendment is prohibited by the terms of the relevant Permitted Senior Secured Financing Agreement, the Senior Secured Creditor Representative in respect of that Permitted Senior Secured Financing Debt (if applicable, acting on the instructions of the Majority Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors);
(iv) if any Senior Subordinated Notes have been issued and if the Proposed Amendment is prohibited by the terms of the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture, the Senior Subordinated Notes Trustee (acting on the instructions of the requisite Senior Subordinated Note holders);
(v) if any Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt has been incurred and the Proposed Amendment is prohibited by the terms of the relevant Permitted Subordinated Financing Agreement, the Senior Subordinated Creditor Representative in respect of that Permitted Subordinated Financing Debt (if applicable, acting on the instructions of the Majority Permitted Subordinated Financing Creditors);
182

(vi) if a Hedge Counterparty is providing hedging to a Debtor under a hedging agreement, that Hedge Counterparty (in each case only to the extent that the relevant amendment or waiver adversely affects the continuing rights and/or obligations of that Hedge Counterparty and is an amendment or waiver which is expressed to require the consent of that Hedge Counterparty under the applicable hedging agreement, as notified by the Parent to the Security Agent at the time of the relevant amendment or waiver); and
(vii) Lock Upper Holding AS and any other Investors as permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement; and
(viii) the Parent.
Any amendment or waiver of any Secured Debt Document that is made or effected in connection with any Debt Refinancing (see ``--Debt Refinancing''), any incurrence of additional and/or refinancing debt (as referred to in ``--Ranking and Priority--Additional and/or Refinancing Debt'') or Non-Distressed Disposal (see ``--Proceeds of disposals--Non-Distressed Disposals'') or in connection with any other provision of any Secured Debt Document (provided that such amendment or waiver is not expressly prohibited by the terms of any other Secured Debt Document) is binding on all parties to the Intercreditor Agreement.
The Intercreditor Agreement or a security document may be amended by the Parent and the Security Agent without the consent of any other party, to cure defects or omissions, resolve ambiguities or inconsistencies or reflect changes in each case of a minor, technical or administrative nature or as otherwise for the benefit of all or any of the Secured Parties. Any amendment, waiver or consent which relates only to the rights or obligations applicable to creditors under a particular Debt Financing Agreement (and which does not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of creditors under other Debt Financing Agreements) may be approved with only the consent of the agent in respect of that Debt Financing Agreement and the Parent.
Amendments and waivers: security documents
Subject to the paragraph below and to certain exceptions under the Intercreditor Agreement and unless the provisions of any debt document expressly provide otherwise, the Security Agent may, if authorized by an Instructing Group, and if the Parent consents, amend the terms of, waive any of the requirements of or grant consents under, any of the security documents which shall be binding on each party.
Subject to the second and third paragraphs of the section captioned ``--Exceptions'' below, any amendment or waiver of, or consent under, any security document which would adversely affect the nature or scope of the charged property or the manner in which the proceeds of enforcement of the security are distributed requires approval as set out under the section captioned ``--Required Consents''.
Guarantees
The Intercreditor Agreement additionally provides for Hedge Counterparties to receive guarantees and indemnities from the Debtors on substantially the same terms (including the relevant limitations) as such guarantees and indemnities are provided by the obligors to the finance parties under the Senior Facilities Agreement.
Exceptions
Subject to the following paragraph of this ``--Exceptions'' section, an amendment, waiver or consent which adversely relates to the express rights or obligations of an agent, an arranger or the Security Agent (in each case in such capacity) may not be effected without the consent of that agent, that arranger or the Security Agent (as the case may be) at such time.
The foregoing shall not apply:
(i) to any release of security and/or Senior Subordinated Notes Only Security, claim or liabilities; or
(ii) to any consent,
which, in each case, the Security Agent gives in accordance with the provisions set out in the caption ``--Proceeds of Disposals'' above.
183

The first paragraph of this ``--Exceptions'' section shall apply to an arranger only to the extent that the arranger liabilities are then owed to that arranger. Agreement to override Unless expressly stated otherwise in the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement overrides anything in the debt documents to the contrary. Equalization The Intercreditor Agreement provides that if, for any reason, any Senior Secured Notes Liabilities or Permitted Senior Secured Financing Liabilities remain unpaid after the enforcement date and the application of Recoveries and the resulting losses are not borne by the Senior Secured Notes Creditors or Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors in the proportions which their respective exposures at the enforcement date bore to the aggregate exposures of all the Senior Secured Notes Creditors and Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors at the enforcement date, the Senior Secured Notes Creditors and Permitted Senior Secured Financing Creditors will make such payments from such Recoveries actually received amongst themselves as the Security Agent shall require to put them in such a position that (after taking into account such payments) those losses are borne in those proportions.
184

DESCRIPTION OF THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES
The following is a description of the e252.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Euro Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the ``Euro Floating Rate Notes''), NOK 1.68 billion in aggregate principal amount of NOK Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the ``NOK Floating Rate Notes'' and, together with the Euro Floating Rate Notes, the ``Floating Rate Notes'') and the e550 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2021 (the ``Fixed Rate Notes'' and, together with the Floating Rate Notes, the ``Senior Secured Notes''). The Senior Secured Notes will be issued by Lock AS, a company incorporated in Norway (the ``Issuer''), and will be guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors specified below (each such guarantee, a ``Subsidiary Guarantee'').
In this ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes'', (1) the ``Issuer'' refers only to Lock AS, and any successor obligor to Lock AS under the Indenture, and not to any of its Subsidiaries or to its parent, Lock Lower Holding AS and (2) ``Parent'' refers only to Lock Lower Holding AS, and any successor to Lock Lower Holding AS under the Indenture, and not to any of its Subsidiaries.
Pending consummation of the Acquisition and the satisfaction of certain other conditions as described below, the initial purchasers will, concurrently with the closing of the offering of the Senior Secured Notes on the Issue Date, deposit (i) the gross proceeds of this offering of the Euro Floating Rate Notes and the Fixed Rate Notes less certain deductions with respect to fees and expenses into a segregated escrow account (the ``Euro Notes Escrow Account'') pursuant to the terms of an escrow deed (the ``Senior Secured Escrow Agreement'') dated as of the Issue Date among, inter alios, the Issuer, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as trustee (the ``Trustee'') and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as Senior Secured Notes Escrow Agent (the ``Escrow Agent'') and (ii) the gross proceeds of this offering of the NOK Floating Rate Notes less certain deductions with respect to fees and expenses into a segregated escrow account (the ``NOK Notes Escrow Account'' and, together with the Euro Notes Escrow Account, the ``Senior Secured Notes Escrow Accounts'') pursuant to the terms of the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement. Prior to the release of such proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Accounts, such funds may be invested in certain permitted investments, including in cash and/or highly-rated stable net asset value money market funds. If the Acquisition is not consummated on or prior to February 10, 2015 (the ``Escrow Longstop Date''), each series of the Notes will be redeemed at a price equal to 100% of the initial issue price of such series of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, from the Issue Date to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined below) with respect to such series. See ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption.''
The proceeds of the offering of the Senior Secured Notes sold on the Issue Date, together with funds received from the Proceeds Loan, shareholder contributions and certain borrowings under the RCF Facility Agreement, will be used by the Issuer, directly or indirectly, to fund the purchase price for the Acquisition including any adjustments or interest payments under the Acquisition Agreement, for the repayment in full of the borrowings under the Existing Senior Facilities Agreement and to pay fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions, as set forth in this Offering Memorandum under the caption ``Use of Proceeds.''
The Issuer will issue the Senior Secured Notes under an indenture, to be dated as of the Issue Date (the ``Indenture''), among, inter alios, the Issuer, the Parent and the Trustee. The Guarantors that are Restricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer are referred to herein as the ``Subsidiary Guarantors''. The Senior Secured Notes will be issued in private transactions that are not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See ``Transfer Restrictions.'' The terms of the Senior Secured Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Indenture will not be qualified under, and will not incorporate any provision of, or be subject to the terms of, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The Senior Secured Notes are subject to all such terms pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture, and Holders of the Senior Secured Notes are referred to the Indenture for a statement thereof.
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Indenture, the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement and the Senior Secured Notes and refers to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents and does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, all provisions of the Indenture, the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents, respectively. Because this is a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. You should read the Indenture, the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents in their entirety. Copies of the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement are available as described under
185

``Listing and General Information--Available Information.'' You can find the definitions of certain terms used in this description under ``--Certain Definitions.''
The registered holder of a Senior Secured Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. In general, only registered holders will have rights under the Indenture.
Brief Description of the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees
The Senior Secured Notes
The Senior Secured Notes:
· will be senior obligations of the Issuer and will rank equal in right of payment with all of the Issuer's existing and future obligations that are not subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes, including obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain hedging obligations;
· will be secured by the Collateral described below on a first-priority basis along with obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain Hedging Agreements (but will receive proceeds from enforcement of security over the Collateral only after all obligations secured on a super priority basis, including obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain priority hedging obligations, have been paid in full);
· will be senior in right of payment to any Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer, including its Guarantee of the Senior Notes;
· will be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, to the extent of the value of the Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes;
· will be guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the Guarantors, subject to the guarantee limitations described herein and in ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability;''
· will be effectively subordinated to the Issuer's existing and future secured Indebtedness that is secured by property or assets that do not secure the Senior Secured Notes, to the extent of the value of such property and assets securing such Indebtedness; and
· will be structurally subordinated to all obligations of the Issuer's subsidiaries that are not Guarantors.
The Subsidiary Guarantees
The Senior Secured Notes will be guaranteed by Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-Invest AB, Lindorff AB, Lindorff Second Holding AB, Lindorff Group AB, Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH, Lindorff Holding GmbH, Lindorff Deutschland GmbH, Lindorff Sverige Holding AB, Lindorff Capital AS, Lindorff Sverige AB, Lindorff Finland Oy, Lindorff Oy, Lindorff Invest Oy, Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V., Lindorff Netherlands B.V., Lindorff B.V., Lindorff Holding Norway AS, Lindorff Norge AS, Lindorff AS and Lindorff Danmark A/S within 90 days of the Completion Date, each of which is an obligor under the RCF Facility Agreement. In addition, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes within six months of the Completion Date. Each Subsidiary Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor:
· will be the senior obligation of the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor and will rank equal in right of payment with all of such Subsidiary Guarantor's existing and future obligations that are not subordinated in right of payment to the relevant Subsidiary Guarantee, including obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain hedging obligations;
· will be secured by the Collateral described below on a first-priority basis along with obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain Hedging Agreements (but will receive proceeds from enforcement of security over the Collateral only after all obligations secured on a super priority basis, including obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain priority hedging obligations, have been paid in full);
186

· will be senior in right of payment to any Subordinated Indebtedness of the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor, including Guarantees of the Senior Notes;
· will be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future unsecured obligations of the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor, to the extent of the value of the Senior Secured Notes Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the applicable Subsidiary Guarantee;
· will be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future obligations of the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor secured on the Collateral on a basis junior to the Senior Secured Notes, to the extent of the value of the Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the applicable Subsidiary Guarantee;
· will be subject to limitations described herein and in ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and security interest will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability;'' and
· will be effectively subordinated to the such Subsidiary Guarantor's existing and future secured Indebtedness that is secured by property or assets that do not secure the Subsidiary Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor, to the extent of the value of such property and assets securing such Indebtedness.
Principal and maturity
The Issuer will issue e252.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Euro Floating Rate Notes, NOK 1.68 billion in aggregate principal amount of NOK Floating Rate Notes and e550 million in aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Notes in this Offering on the Issue Date. The Fixed Rate Notes will mature on August 15, 2021 and the Floating Rate Notes will mature on August 15, 2020. The Senior Secured Notes denominated in Euro will be issued in minimum denominations of e100,000 and in integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof. The Senior Secured Notes denominated in NOK will be issued in minimum denominations of NOK 1,000,000 and in integral multiples of NOK 10,000 in excess thereof.
The rights of holders of beneficial interests in the Senior Secured Notes to receive the payments on such Senior Secured Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream. If the due date for any payment in respect of any Senior Secured Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
Interest
Interest on the Fixed Rate Notes
Interest on the Fixed Rate Notes will accrue at the rate of 7.000% per annum and will be payable, in cash, semi-annually in arrears on February 15, and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2015, to holders of record on the immediately preceding February 1 and August 1, respectively. Interest on the Fixed Rate Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from the date of original issuance. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Each interest period shall end on (but not include) the relevant interest payment date.
Interest on the Euro Floating Rate Notes
Interest on the Euro Floating Rate Notes will accrue at a rate per annum (the ``Applicable Rate''), reset quarterly, equal to EURIBOR plus 5.5000% per annum, as determined by an agent approved by the Issuer to calculate EURIBOR for the purposes of the Indenture (the ``Euro Calculation Agent''), which shall initially be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. Interest on the Euro Floating Rate Notes will:
· accrue from the date of original issuance or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid;
· be payable in cash quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2015; and
187

· be payable to the holder of record of such Euro Floating Rate Note on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 immediately preceding the related interest payment date.
If a particular interest payment date is not a Business Day, then the payment date will move to the next Business Day. Therefore, the relevant interest period will be one or more days longer.
Set forth below is a summary of certain of the provisions from the Indenture relating to the calculation of interest on the Euro Floating Rate Notes.
The Euro Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on each Determination Date, determine the Applicable Rate and calculate the aggregate amount of interest payable in respect of the following Interest Period (the ``Interest Amount''). The Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Applicable Rate to the principal amount of each Euro Floating Rate Note outstanding at the end of the Interest Period, multiplying each such amount by the actual amounts of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360 and rounding the resultant figure upwards to the nearest available currency unit. The determination of the Applicable Rate and the Interest Amount by the Euro Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of willful default, fraud or manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. In no event will the rate of interest on the Euro Floating Rate Notes be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law; provided that the Euro Calculation Agent shall not be responsible for determining if the rate of interest on the Euro Floating Rate Notes is higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. The Trustee and each Paying Agent shall not be responsible for, nor incur any liability in relation to any loss resulting from any calculation or determination made, or intended to be made, by the Euro Calculation Agent.
The Euro Calculation Agent will, upon the request of the holder of any Euro Floating Rate Note, provide the interest rate then in effect with respect to the Euro Floating Rate Notes.
``Determination Date'' means, with respect to an Interest Period, the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period.
``EURIBOR'' means:
(1) the applicable Screen Rate;
(2) (if no Screen Rate is available for the Interest Period of that Loan) the Interpolated Screen Rate for the Euro Floating Rate Notes; or
(3) if:
(a) no Screen Rate is available for the Interest Period of the Euro Floating Rate Notes; and
(b) it is not possible to calculate an Interpolated Screen Rate for the Euro Floating Rate Notes,
the Euro Calculation Agent will request the principal London office of each of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market, as selected by the Euro Calculation Agent, to provide such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such Determination Date, to prime banks in the Euro-zone interbank market for deposits in a Representative Amount in euros for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the Euro Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in London, as selected by the Euro Calculation Agent, to provide such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Determination Date, for loans in a Representative Amount in euros to leading European banks for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such rates are so provided, the rate for the Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such rates. If fewer than two such rates are so provided then the rate for the Interest Period will be the rate in effect with respect to the immediately preceding Interest Period. In no event shall EURIBOR be less than 0%.
``Euro-zone'' means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted the euro.
``Interest Period'' means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on and including the day immediately preceding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Issue Date and end on and exclude February 15, 2015.
188

``Interpolated Screen Rate'' means, on any Determination Date in relation to EURIBOR for any Euro Floating Rate Note, the rate which results from interpolating on a linear basis between:
(1) the applicable Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that Screen Rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period of that Euro Floating Rate Note; and
(2) the applicable Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that Screen Rate is available) which exceeds the Interest Period of that Euro Floating Rate Note,
each as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such Determination Date.
``Representative Amount'' means the greater of (1) e1,000,000 and (2) an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
``Screen Rate'' means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the Banking Federation of the European Union (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed on page EURIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Euro Calculation Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Issuer.
``TARGET Settlement Day'' means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open.
Interest on the NOK Floating Rate Notes
Interest on the NOK Floating Rate Notes will accrue at a rate per annum (the ``Applicable NOK Rate''), reset quarterly, equal to NIBOR plus 5.7500% per annum, as determined by an agent approved by the Issuer to calculate NIBOR for the purposes of the Indenture (the ``NOK Calculation Agent''), which shall initially be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. Interest on the NOK Floating Rate Notes will:
· accrue from the date of original issuance or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid;
· be payable in cash quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2015; and
· be payable to the holder of record of such NOK Floating Rate Note on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 immediately preceding the related interest payment date.
If a particular interest payment date is not a business day, then the payment date will move to the next business day. Therefore, the relevant interest period will be one or more days longer.
Set forth below is a summary of certain of the provisions from the Indenture relating to the calculation of interest on the NOK Floating Rate Notes.
The NOK Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m., Oslo time, on each Determination Date, determine the Applicable NOK Rate and calculate the aggregate amount of interest payable in respect of the following Interest Period (the ``NOK Interest Amount''). The Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Applicable NOK Rate to the principal amount of each NOK Floating Rate Note outstanding at the end of the Interest Period, multiplying each such amount by the actual amounts of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360 and rounding the resultant figure upwards to the nearest available currency unit. The determination of the Applicable NOK Rate and the Interest Amount by the NOK Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of willful default, bad faith or manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. In no event will the rate of interest on the NOK Floating Rate Notes be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.
The NOK Calculation Agent will, upon the request of the holder of any NOK Floating Rate Note, provide the interest rate then in effect with respect to the NOK Floating Rate Notes.
``NOK Determination Date'' means, with respect to a NOK Interest Period, the day that is two Oslo Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period.
``NOK Interest Period'' means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on and including the day immediately preceding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Issue Date and end on and exclude February 15, 2015.
189

``NIBOR'' with respect to a NOK Interest Period, means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in NOK for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the NOK Determination Date that appears on Reuters Page NIBR as of 11:00 a.m. Oslo time, on the NOK Determination Date. If Reuters Page NIBR does not include such a rate or is unavailable on a NOK Determination Date, the NOK Calculation Agent will request the principal Oslo office of each of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, as selected by the NOK Calculation Agent, to provide such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Oslo time, on such NOK Determination Date, to prime banks in the Oslo inter-bank market for deposits in a Representative Amount in NOK for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the NOK Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the NOK Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in Oslo, as selected by the NOK Calculation Agent, to provide such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Oslo time, on such NOK Determination Date, for loans in a NOK Representative Amount in NOK to leading European banks for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the NOK Determination Date. If fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the NOK Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid) of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the NOK Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) on the first day of the relevant NOK Interest Period for loans in NOK to leading European banks for three months and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time.
``NOK Representative Amount'' means the greater of (1) NOK 1,000,000 and (2) an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
``Reuters Page NIBR'' means the display page or screen so designated on Reuters (or such other page or screen as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor).
``TARGET Settlement Day'' means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open.
Additional Senior Secured Notes
The Issuer may issue an unlimited principal amount of additional Senior Secured Notes having identical terms and conditions as the Senior Secured Notes (the ``Additional Senior Secured Notes,'' consisting of the ``Additional Euro Floating Rate Notes'', the ``Additional NOK Floating Rate Notes'' and the ``Additional Fixed Rate Notes'', as the case may be) so long as such issuance is in compliance with the covenants contained in the Indenture, including the covenant restricting the Incurrence of Indebtedness (as described below under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness''). Each of the Euro Floating Rate Notes, the NOK Floating Rate Notes and the Fixed Rate Notes will constitute a separate series of Senior Secured Notes but will be treated as a single class of securities for all purposes of the Indenture, including for purposes of voting and taking all other actions by holders of the Senior Secured Notes, except as otherwise specified in the Indenture. The Senior Secured Notes issued in this Offering and, if issued, any Additional Senior Secured Notes will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided for in the Indenture. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes,'' references to the ``Senior Secured Notes'' include the Senior Secured Notes and any Additional Senior Secured Notes that are actually issued, references to ``Euro Floating Rate Notes'' include the Euro Floating Rate Notes and any Additional Euro Floating Rate Notes that are actually issued, references to ``NOK Floating Rate Notes'' include the NOK Floating Rate Notes and any Additional NOK Floating Rate Notes that are actually issued and references to ``Fixed Rate Notes'' include the Fixed Rate Notes and any Additional Fixed Rate Notes that are actually issued.
Methods of Receiving Payments on the Senior Secured Notes
Principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts (defined below), if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents; provided that all such payments with respect to Senior Secured Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by a nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable,
190

will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof.
Principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on any certificated securities (``Definitive Registered Notes'') will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents in London, in each case, maintained for such purposes. In addition, interest on the Definitive Registered Notes may be paid by check mailed to the person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes. See ``--Paying Agent and Registrars for the Senior Secured Notes.''
Principal, interest and premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be paid by the Issuer to the NOK Paying Agent who shall in turn credit the bank account nominated by each holder of the NOK Floating Rate Notes in connection with its securities account in VPS in accordance with the rules and regulations of VPS.
Payment in respect of the NOK Floating Rate Notes shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the holder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the holder in question. In case of irregular payments, the Trustee may instruct any Issuer or holder of NOK Floating Rate Notes of other payment mechanisms. The Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding holders' accounts from VPS or the holders' account manager in VPS.
Paying Agent and Registrars for the Senior Secured Notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each a ``Paying Agent'') for the Senior Secured Notes, including a Paying Agent in London (the ``Principal Paying Agent'') and one or more paying agents in Oslo, Norway. The Issuer will also undertake, to the extent possible under applicable law, to maintain a paying agent in a member state of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Council Directive 2003/48/EC regarding the taxation of savings income (the ``Directive''). The initial Paying Agent for the Fixed Rate Notes and the Euro Floating Rate Notes (together, the ``Euro Senior Secured Notes'') will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in London and the initial Paying Agent for the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be Nordea Bank Norge ASA (the ``NOK Paying Agent'').
The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ``Registrar''). The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent in London. The initial Registrars will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg for the Euro-denominated Senior Secured Notes (the ``Euro Registrar'') and Nordea Bank Norge ASA for the NOK Floating Rate Notes (the ``NOK Registrar'', and together with the Euro Registrar, the ``Registrars'') and the initial transfer agent will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in London. The Registrar, Paying Agents and transfer agent, as applicable, will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes outstanding from time to time, if any, and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Issuer. Each transfer agent shall perform the functions of a transfer agent.
The Issuer may change any Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent for the Senior Secured Notes without prior notice to the Holders of the Senior Secured Notes. The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar in respect of the Senior Secured Notes. For so long as the Senior Secured Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie).
Transfer and exchange
The Euro Senior Secured Notes will initially be issued in the form of registered notes in global form without interest coupons, as follows:
· The Euro Senior Secured Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (``QIBs'') that are also ``qualified purchasers'' within the meaning of section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (each, a ``Qualified Purchaser'')
191

pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act will initially be represented by global notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``144A Global Notes'').
· The Euro Senior Secured Notes sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act will initially be represented by global notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Regulation S Global Notes'' and, together with the 144A Global Notes, the ``Global Notes'').
· The Global Notes will, upon issuance, be deposited with and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Ownership of interests in the Global Notes (``Book-Entry Interests'') will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or persons that may hold interests through such participants. Ownership of interests in the Book-Entry Interests and transfers thereof will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and certification requirements summarized below and described more fully under ``Transfer Restrictions.'' In addition, transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear or participants in Clearstream will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, and their respective participants.
Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Notes may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the Regulation S Global Notes only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Prior to 40 days after the date of initial issuance of the Euro Senior Secured Notes, ownership of Book-Entry Interests in Regulation S Global Notes will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or persons who hold interests through Euroclear or Clearstream, and any sale or transfer of such interest to U.S. persons shall not be permitted during such period unless such resale or transfer is made pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. During the 40-day distribution compliance period, Book-Entry Interests in the Regulation S Global Notes may be transferred only to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S of the Securities Act or to persons whom the transferor reasonably believes are ``qualified institutional buyers'' within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act that are also Qualified Purchasers in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with applicable transfer restrictions and any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Subject to the foregoing, Regulation S Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of 144A Book-Entry Interests only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a ``qualified institutional buyer'' within the meaning of Rule 144A that is also a Qualified Purchaser in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under ``Transfer Restrictions'' and in accordance with any applicable securities law of any other jurisdiction.
Any Book-Entry Interest that is transferred as described in the immediately preceding paragraphs will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note from which it was transferred and will become a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note to which it was transferred. Accordingly, from and after such transfer, it will become subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in the Global Note to which it was transferred.
No Book-Entry Interest in any Global Note representing the Fixed Rate Notes (the ``Global Fixed Rate Notes'') and no Definitive Registered Note issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Fixed Rate Notes (the ``Definitive Registered Fixed Rate Notes'') may be transferred or exchanged for any Book-Entry Interest in any Global Note representing the Floating Rate Notes (the ``Global Floating Rate Notes'') or any Definitive Registered Note issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Floating Rate Notes (the ``Definitive Registered Floating Rate Notes''), and no Book-Entry Interest in the Global Floating Rate Notes and no Definitive Registered Floating Rate Note may be transferred or exchanged for any Book-Entry Interest in any Global Fixed Rate Note or any Definitive Registered Fixed Rate Note.
If Definitive Registered Notes are issued, they will be issued only in minimum denominations of e100,000 aggregate principal amount and integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof, upon receipt by the Euro Registrar of instructions relating thereto and any certificates, opinions and other documentation required
192

by the Indenture. It is expected that such instructions will be based upon directions received by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, from the participant that owns the relevant Book-Entry Interests. Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest will, except as set forth in the Indenture or as otherwise determined by the Issuer to be in compliance with applicable law, be subject to, and will have a legend with respect to, the restrictions on transfer summarized below and described more fully under ``Transfer Restrictions.''
Subject to the restrictions on transfer referred to above, Euro Senior Secured Notes issued as Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred or exchanged, in whole or in part, in minimum denominations of e100,000 in aggregate principal amount and integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof. In connection with any such transfer or exchange, the Indenture will require the transferring or exchanging holder to, among other things, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, to furnish information regarding the account of the transferee at Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, to furnish certain certificates and opinions, and to pay any taxes, duties and governmental charges in connection with such transfer or exchange. Any such transfer or exchange will be made without charge to the Holder, other than any taxes, duties and governmental charges payable in connection with such transfer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer is not required to register the transfer or exchange of any Euro Senior Secured Notes:
(1) for a period of 15 days prior to any date fixed for the redemption of such Euro Senior Secured Notes;
(2) for a period of 15 days immediately prior to the date fixed for selection of such Euro Senior Secured Notes to be redeemed in part;
(3) for a period of 15 days prior to the record date with respect to any interest payment date applicable to such Euro Senior Secured Notes; or
(4) which the Holder has tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer or an Asset Disposition Offer.
The Issuer, the Trustee, the Euro Registrar, the Paying Agents and the transfer agent will be entitled to treat the Holder of a Euro Senior Secured Note as the owner of it for all purposes.
Transfer and Exchange for the NOK Floating Rate Notes
The NOK Floating Rate Notes will be sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act and will be issued in book-entry form and registered with VPS. Beneficial interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be represented through book-entry accounts of the beneficial owners or financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Investors may hold their interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes through Euroclear using an account operator linked to VPS. Investors may hold their interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes directly if they have a securities account with an account agent, or indirectly through custodians, nominees or organizations that are participants in these systems. Interests held through Euroclear will be recorded on VPS's books as being held by the depositary for Euroclear, which depositary will, in turn, hold interests on behalf of their participants' customers' securities accounts.
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the NOK Floating Rate Notes being issued through VPS in any secondary market trading will take place three Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. NOK Floating Rate Notes may be transferred between account holders at VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations of VPS at the time of transfer. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to VPS.
In addition, holders of NOK Floating Rate Notes may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the NOK Floating Rate Notes, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a holder of NOK Floating Rate Notes may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each holder of NOK Floating Rate Notes must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption
Concurrently with the closing of the offering of the Notes on the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement with, inter alios, the Trustee and the Escrow Agent, pursuant to
193

which the initial purchasers will deposit with the Escrow Agent an amount equal to (i) the gross proceeds of this offering of the Fixed Rate Notes and the Euro Floating Rate Notes into the Euro Notes Escrow Account and (ii) the gross proceeds of this offering of the NOK Floating Rate Notes into the NOK Notes Escrow Account. The initial funds deposited in the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Accounts, and all other funds, securities, interest, dividends, distributions and other property and payments credited to the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Accounts (less any property and/or funds paid in accordance with the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement) are referred to, collectively, as the ``Senior Secured Notes Escrowed Property.'' The Senior Secured Notes Escrowed Property will be controlled by the Escrow Agent and pledged on a first ranking basis in favor of the Trustee on behalf of the Holders of the Notes.
In order to cause the Escrow Agent to release the Senior Secured Notes Escrowed Property to the Issuer (the ``Release''), the Escrow Agent and the Trustee shall have received from the Issuer, on or before the Escrow Longstop Date, an Officer's Certificate to the effect that:
(1) (i) the Acquisition will be consummated, promptly upon release of the Senior Secured Notes Escrowed Property and (ii) no material term or condition of the Acquisition Agreement has been amended or waived in a manner or to an extent that would be materially prejudicial to the interests of Holders of the Notes, other than any amendment or waiver made with the consent of Holders of a majority of the outstanding Notes;
(2) immediately after consummation of the Acquisition, the Issuer will own, directly or indirectly, the entire share capital of Lindorff; and
(3) as of the Completion Date, there are no events of bankruptcy, insolvency or court protection with respect to the Issuer.
The Release will occur promptly upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth above (the date of such satisfaction, the ``Completion Date''). Upon the Release, the Senior Secured Notes Escrowed Property will be paid out in accordance with the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement and each respective Senior Secured Notes Escrow Account will be reduced to zero.
Prior to the Release of such proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Accounts, such funds may be invested in certain permitted investments including in cash and/or certain hightly-rated stable net asset value money market fund.
In the event that (a) the Completion Date does not take place on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date, (b) in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer, the Acquisition will not be consummated on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date, (c) the Acquisition Agreement terminates at any time on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date or (d) there is an event of bankruptcy, insolvency or court protection with respect to the Issuer on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date (the date of any such event being the ``Special Termination Date''), the Issuer will redeem all of the Notes (the ``Special Mandatory Redemption'') at a price (the ``Special Mandatory Redemption Price'') equal to 100% of the aggregate issue price of the Notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, from the Issue Date to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined below) (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).
Notice of the Special Mandatory Redemption will be delivered by the Issuer, no later than one Business Day following the Special Termination Date, to the Trustee and the Escrow Agent, and will provide that the Notes shall be redeemed on a date that is no later than the fifth Business Day after such notice is given by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Agreement (the ``Special Mandatory Redemption Date''). On the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Escrow Agent shall pay to the relevant Principal Paying Agent for the euro-denominated Notes and for the NOK Floating Rate Notes for payment to each Holder the Special Mandatory Redemption Price for such Holder's Notes and, concurrently with the payment to such Holders, deliver any excess Senior Secured Notes Escrowed Property (if any) to the Issuer.
In the event that the Special Mandatory Redemption Price payable upon such Special Mandatory Redemption exceeds the amount of the Senior Secured Notes Escrowed Property, one or more of the Initial Investors will be required to fund the accrued and unpaid interest, and Additional Amounts, if any, owing to the holders of the Notes, pursuant to a commitment provided by such fund(s).
To secure the payment of the Special Mandatory Redemption Price, the Issuer will grant to the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a security interest over the Senior Secured Notes Escrowed Property and its rights in the Senior Secured Escrow Account.
194

If at the time of such Special Mandatory Redemption, the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will notify the Irish Stock Exchange that the Special Mandatory Redemption has occurred and any relevant details relating to such special mandatory redemption.

Restricted Subsidiaries and Unrestricted Subsidiaries
As of the Issue Date, all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. In the circumstances described below under ``--Certain Definitions--Unrestricted Subsidiary,'' the Issuer will be permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries (other than the Issuer) as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture.

Guarantees
The obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Senior Secured Notes, including any payment obligation resulting from a Change of Control, will (subject to the Agreed Security Principles) be guaranteed, jointly and severally on a senior basis, by each Subsidiary Guarantor.
The Guarantors, the type of Guarantee and their respective jurisdictions of incorporation will be as follows:

Indif AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Sweden

Lindorff Institutional Management AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Sweden

Lindorff Co-Invest AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Sweden

Lindorff AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Sweden

Lindorff Second Holding AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Sweden

Lindorff Group AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Sweden

Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Germany

Lindorff Holding GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Germany

Lindorff Deutschland GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Germany

Lindorff Sverige Holding AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Sweden

Lindorff Capital AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Norway

Lindorff Sverige AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Sweden

Lindorff Finland Oy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Finland

Lindorff Oy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Finland

Lindorff Invest Oy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Finland

Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Netherlands

Lindorff Netherlands B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Netherlands

Lindorff B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Netherlands

Lindorff Holding Norway AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Norway

Lindorff Norge AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Norway

Lindorff AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Norway

Lindorff Danmark A/S . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subsidiary Guarantee

Denmark

The Subsidiary Guarantors will deliver the relevant Subsidiary Guarantee as soon as practicable after the closing of the Acquisition but in any case within 90 days of the closing of the Acquisition.

In addition, the Issuer has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL (the ``Additional Spanish Guarantors'') to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes on a senior secured basis within six months of the Completion Date. Under Spanish law, the Additional Spanish Guarantors will be required to convert their corporate form to sociedad ano´nima

195

in order to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes. There are certain conditions to convert the corporate form of the Additional Spanish Guarantors and for them to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes that are outside of our direct control. See ``--Certain Covenants--Additional Spanish Guarantors and Additional Collateral'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Capital Structure and the Notes.'' On the Issue Date, the Senior Secured Notes will not be guaranteed by Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL nor will the holders of the Senior Secured Notes be entitled to the benefits of any security interests in the assets of the Additional Spanish Guarantors and there can be no assurance that the guarantees and security interests from the Additional Spanish Guarantors will be delivered.
Not all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will guarantee the Senior Secured Notes. The Subsidiary Guarantors (including the Additional Spanish Guarantors) represented more than 80% of consolidated EBITDA of Lindorff AB (the ``Company'') for the year ended December 31, 2013 and more than 90% of consolidated assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. Excluding the Additional Spanish Guarantors, the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors represented more than 75% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and more than 80% of consolidated assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013.
The Agreed Security Principles apply to the granting of guarantees and security in favor of obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and the Senior Secured Notes. The Agreed Security Principles include restrictions on the granting of guarantees where, among other things, such grant would be restricted by general statutory or other legal limitations or requirements, financial assistance, corporate benefit, fraudulent preference, ``thin capitalization'' rules, retention of title claims and similar matters.
Each Subsidiary Guarantee will be limited to the maximum amount that would not render the Subsidiary Guarantor's obligations subject to avoidance under applicable fraudulent conveyance provisions or any comparable provision of applicable law, or as otherwise required under the Agreed Security Principles to comply with corporate benefit, financial assistance and other laws. By virtue of this limitation, a Subsidiary Guarantor's obligation under its Subsidiary Guarantee could be significantly less than amounts payable with respect to the Senior Secured Notes, or a Subsidiary Guarantor may have effectively no obligation under its Subsidiary Guarantee. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability,'' ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--The granting of the security interests in connection with the issuance of the Notes, or the incurrence of permitted debt in the future, may create or restart hardening periods, i.e., the periods of time following the granting of security interests during which such security interests may be challenged in accordance with the laws applicable in certain jurisdictions,'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and the security interest will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability.''
The Subsidiary Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor will automatically and unconditionally terminate and release (and thereupon will terminate and discharge and be of no further force and effect) upon:
· a sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) of ownership interests in the Subsidiary Guarantor (directly or through a parent company) such that the Subsidiary Guarantor does not remain a Restricted Subsidiary, or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Subsidiary Guarantor (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary), in each case, otherwise permitted by the Indenture;
· the designation in accordance with the Indenture of the Subsidiary Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
· defeasance or discharge of the Senior Secured Notes, as provided in ``--Defeasance'' and ``--Satisfaction and Discharge;''
· in accordance with the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement (as defined below);
· in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that after the Issue Date is required to Guarantee the Senior Secured Notes pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Additional Guarantees,'' upon the release or discharge of the guarantee of Indebtedness by such Restricted
196

Subsidiary that resulted in the obligation to Guarantee the Senior Secured Notes; provided that no Event of Default would arise as a result and such Restricted Subsidiary does not guarantee any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor;
· with respect to an entity that is not the successor Subsidiary Guarantor as a result of any transaction permitted under ``--Subsidiary Guarantors'' in the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation;'' or
· as described under ``--Amendments and Waivers.''
Substantially all the operations of the Issuer are conducted through its Subsidiaries. Claims of creditors of non-guarantor Subsidiaries, including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding debt and guarantees issued by those Subsidiaries, and claims of preferred and minority stockholders (if any) of those Subsidiaries generally will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of those Subsidiaries over the claims of creditors of the Issuer and the Guarantors, including Holders of the Senior Secured Notes. The Senior Secured Notes and each Guarantee therefore will be effectively subordinated to creditors (including trade creditors and the obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain Hedging Obligations) and preferred and minority stockholders (if any) of Subsidiaries of the Issuer (other than the Guarantors). As of March 31, 2014, after giving effect to the Transactions, the total external interest bearing notes, loans and borrowings of the Issuer's Subsidiaries that will not guarantee the Senior Secured Notes, would have had no debt (excluding shareholder loans and finance lease obligations). Although the Indenture limits the incurrence of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries, the limitation is subject to a number of significant exceptions. Moreover, the Indenture does not impose any limitation on the incurrence by Restricted Subsidiaries of liabilities that are not considered Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock under the Indenture. See ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness.''
Security
The Collateral
On the Issue Date, the Senior Secured Notes will be secured by a first-ranking security interest in the Senior Secured Escrowed Property and the Issuer's rights under the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement.
Pursuant to the Security Documents to be entered into on or about the Completion Date, each of the Issuer and the Company has granted or will grant in favor of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as security agent (the ``Security Agent''), liens and security interests on an equal and ratable first-priority basis, subject to the operation of the Agreed Security Principles, certain perfection requirements and any Permitted Collateral Liens, over those of its assets listed below:
(a) shares of capital stock of each of the Target Companies and the Issuer (to be granted by the Issuer and the Parent respectively); and
(b) the rights of the Issuer under the Acquisition Agreement,
(together, the ``Initial Collateral'').
In addition, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and subject to the Agreed Security Principles, each subsidiary of the Issuer that accedes to the RCF Facility Agreement as a guarantor after the Issue Date and grants security in connection with such accession (including the Subsidiary Guarantors described above) shall also enter into a supplemental indenture as a Subsidiary Guarantor with respect to the Senior Secured Notes and accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, and security will be granted over the ownership interests in such Subsidiary Guarantor and certain of its material assets including operating bank accounts and intercompany receivables. Further, within 10 Business Days of the Completion Date, the Senior Secured Notes will be secured by a pledge over the Proceeds Loan, pledges over the intercompany receivables owed by Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-Invest AB and Lindorff AB and certain of the Issuer's bank accounts (together with the Initial Collateral, the ``Initial Post-Completion Collateral''). All Collateral (as defined below) shall be subject to the operation of the Agreed Security Principles and any Permitted Collateral Liens.
In addition, the Issuer has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to grant to the Security Agent within six months of the Completion Date, liens and security interests on an equal and ratable first-priority basis, subject to the operation of the Agreed
197

Security Principles, certain perfection requirements and any Permitted Collateral Liens, over those of its assets listed below:
(a) the shares of capital stock of each Additional Spanish Guarantor; and
(b) the material assets of each Additional Spanish Guarantor (together, the ``Additional Collateral'' and, together with the Initial Collateral and the Post-Completion Date Collateral, the ``Collateral'').
Under Spanish law, the Additional Spanish Guarantors will be required to convert their corporate form to sociedad ano´nima in order to grant security interests in favor of the Senior Secured Notes. There are certain conditions to convert the corporate form of the Additional Spanish Guarantors and for them to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes that are outside of our direct control. See ``--Certain Covenants-- Additional Spanish Guarantors and Additional Collateral'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Structure--The Post-Completion Guarantors will not initially guarantee the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes and the Post-Completion Collateral will not initially secure the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Notes.''
Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain assets will not be pledged (or the Liens not perfected) in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles, including:
· if the cost of providing security is not proportionate to the benefit accruing to the Holders;
· if there is material incremental cost involved in creating security over all assets of a Guarantor in a particular category of assets, only the material assets in that category will be subject to security;
· if providing such security requires consent before such assets may be secured or where providing such security would give a third party the right to terminate or otherwise amend any rights, benefits and/or obligations of the Issuer or any of their Subsidiaries in respect of those assets or require any of them to take any action materially adverse to their interests and where (subject to certain conditions being met) such consent cannot be obtained after the use of reasonable endeavors;
· if providing such security would be prohibited by applicable law, general statutory or regulatory limitations, financial assistance, corporate benefit, capital maintenance, fraudulent preference, ``thin capitalization'' rules, tax restrictions or similar matters or if providing security would be outside the applicable pledgor's capacity or conflict with fiduciary duties of directors or bona fide contractual restrictions or cause material risk of personal or criminal liability after the use of reasonable endeavors to overcome such prohibitions or obstacles;
· if in certain jurisdictions it may be either impossible or impractical to create security over certain categories of assets, security will not be taken over such assets;
· if providing such security would have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Subsidiary to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course as otherwise permitted by the Indenture, and any requirement under the Agreed Security Principles to seek consent of any person or take or not take any other action shall be subject to this principle;
· no perfection action will be required in jurisdictions where a Guarantor is not located but perfection action may be required in the jurisdiction of one Guarantor in relation to security granted by another Guarantor located in a different jurisdiction and (where otherwise consistent with the Agreed Security Principles) in any supra-national registries agreed between the Issuer and the Security Agent from time to time;
· in the case of bank accounts, if notice is required by local law to be given to the banks with whom the accounts are maintained in order to perfect liens thereon, such notice will only be given provided that the Group is able to retain control over, and to use freely, the balance of any accounts; and
· in the case of receivables, notification of receivables security to debtors and of security over goods held by third parties will only be provided after the Senior Secured Notes are accelerated, subject to certain exceptions.
The Collateral will also secure, on an equal and ratable basis, the liabilities under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain hedging arrangements and certain future Indebtedness permitted by the Indenture; provided that creditors under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain hedging counterparties will have the right to receive proceeds from enforcement of security over the Collateral on a super priority basis. Certain of the Collateral will also secure the Senior Notes on a junior basis. Subject to certain
198

conditions, including compliance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--No Impairment of Security Interest,'' the Issuer is permitted to grant security over the Collateral in connection with future issuances of its Indebtedness or Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any Additional Senior Secured Notes, in each case, as permitted under the Indenture.
Administration of Security and Enforcement of Liens
The Security Documents and the Collateral will be administered by the Security Agent, in each case pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement for the benefit of all holders of secured obligations. The enforcement of the Security Documents will be subject to the procedures set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement. For a description of the Intercreditor Agreement, see ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement''.
The ability of holders of the Senior Secured Notes to realize upon the Collateral will be subject to various bankruptcy law limitations in the event of the Issuer's or a Subsidiary Guarantor's bankruptcy. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' and ``Risk Factors-- Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability.'' In addition, the enforcement of the Collateral will be limited to the maximum amount required under the Agreed Security Principles to comply with corporate benefit, financial assistance and other laws. As a result of these limitations, the enforceable amounts of the Issuer's obligation under the Senior Secured Notes and a Subsidiary Guarantor's obligation under its Subsidiary Guarantee could be significantly less than the total amounts payable with respect to the Senior Secured Notes, or a Subsidiary Guarantor may have effectively no obligation under its Subsidiary Guarantee. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees-- Each Guarantee and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability.''
Subject to the terms of the Security Documents, the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors will have the right to remain in possession and retain exclusive control of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes (other than as set forth in the Security Documents), to freely operate the Collateral and to collect, invest and dispose of any income therefrom. In certain jurisdictions, a security interest may not be validly created as long as the grantor of the security interest is not effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the Collateral. Therefore security interests over such parts of the Collateral will in those jurisdictions not be effectively created until following the occurrence of a Distress Event (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) that is continuing upon which the grantor is deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the relevant assets. Following such a delayed perfection certain hardening periods may apply. See ``Risk factors--The Issuers and the Guarantors will have control over the Collateral, and the sale of particular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Notes'' and ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of Guarantees and Security Interests.''
No appraisals of any of the Collateral have been prepared by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes. There can be no assurance that the proceeds from the sale of the Collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the obligations owed to the holders of the Senior Secured Notes, the payment of obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and any hedging obligations. By its nature, some or all of the Collateral will be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Collateral can be sold in a short period of time, if at all.
In addition, the Intercreditor Agreement places limitations on the ability of the Security Agent to cause the sale of some of the Collateral. These limitations may include requirements that some or all of the Collateral be disposed of only pursuant to public auctions or certain other competitive sales processes or only at a price confirmed by a valuation, subject to certain exceptions. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.''
The Indenture will provide that by accepting a Senior Secured Note, each Holder will be deemed to have:
· irrevocably appointed Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as Security Agent, to act as its agent under the Intercreditor Agreement and the other relevant documents to which it is a party (including, without limitation, the Security Documents);
199

· irrevocably authorized the Security Agent and the Trustee to (i) perform the duties and exercise the rights, powers and discretions that are specifically given to it under the Intercreditor Agreement or other documents to which it is a party (including, without limitation, the Security Documents), together with any other incidental rights, power and discretions; and (ii) execute each document, waiver, modification, amendment, renewal or replacement expressed to be executed by the Security Agent and the Trustee on its behalf; and
· accepted the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and each Holder will also be deemed to have authorized the Security Agent and the Trustee to enter into any such Additional Intercreditor Agreement and to give effect to the provisions in the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
Priority
The relative priority with regard to the Collateral as between (1) the lenders under the RCF Facility Agreement, (2) the counterparties under certain hedging contracts, (3) the Trustee and the Holders under the Indenture, and (4) the trustee in respect of the Senior Notes and the holders of the Senior Notes, is established by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents, which provide that the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes, the RCF Facility Agreement and such hedging contracts will receive proceeds on enforcement of security over the Collateral equally and ratably on a first priority basis (provided that creditors under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain hedging counterparties will have the right to receive proceeds from enforcement of security over the Collateral on a super priority basis) and the obligations under the Senior Notes will receive such proceeds on a junior basis and only after such other Indebtedness has been satisfied in full. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.'' In addition, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreements entered into after the Issue Date, the Collateral may be pledged to secure other Indebtedness.
Pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, any liabilities in respect of obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement that are permitted to be Incurred by clause (1) of the second paragraph under the ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant and certain obligations under Hedging Agreements, in each case that are permitted to be secured on the Collateral on a super-priority basis (please see ``--Certain Definitions--Permitted Collateral Liens'') will receive priority with respect to any proceeds received upon any enforcement over any Collateral. Any proceeds received upon any enforcement over any Collateral, after all obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement have been repaid and such obligations under Hedging Agreements have been discharged from such recoveries, will be applied pro rata in repayment of all obligations under the Indenture and the Senior Secured Notes and any other Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries permitted to be Incurred and secured by the Collateral pursuant to the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement on an equal and ratable basis. The Senior Notes will only receive proceeds from any enforcement over any Collateral which also secures the Senior Notes on a junior basis and only after such other Indebtedness has been satisfied in full.
Release of Liens
The Security Agent will take any action required to effectuate any release of Collateral required by a Security Document under any one or more of the following circumstances:
(1) upon payment in full of principal, interest and all other obligations in respect of the Senior Secured Notes issued under the Indenture or discharge or defeasance thereof in accordance with the Indenture;
(2) upon release of a Guarantee (with respect to the Liens securing such Guarantee granted by such Guarantor) in accordance with the Indenture;
(3) in connection with any disposition of Collateral, directly or indirectly, to (a) any Person other than the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (but excluding any transaction subject to ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer'') that is permitted by the Indenture (with respect to the Lien on such Collateral) or (b) the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, provided in the case of this clause (b) the relevant Collateral remains subject to, or otherwise becomes subject to, a Lien in favor of the Senior Secured Notes (on terms substantially similar to the existing Lien on such Collateral having the same ranking as prior to such transfer; provided further that the conditions set
200

forth in the second paragraph of the covenant ``--No Impairment of Security Interest'' is complied with;
(4) as described under ``--Amendments and Waivers;''
(5) automatically without any action by the Trustee, if the Lien granted in favor of the Indebtedness that gave rise to the obligation to grant the Lien over such Collateral is released (other than pursuant to the repayment and discharge thereof); provided that such release would otherwise be permitted by another clause above;
(6) in a transaction that complies with the provisions described in ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation;'' provided that in such a transaction where the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to exist, the Lien on the Capital Stock of the Issuer or such Subsidiary Guarantor will be released and, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, will reattach pursuant to a new share pledge (on terms substantially identical to the existing Lien on the Capital Stock of the Issuer or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable), which will be granted by such other shareholder(s) of the successor entity;
(7) if the Issuer designates any Restricted Subsidiary to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture, the release of Liens on property and assets and capital stock of such Restricted Subsidiary; and
(8) as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
Each of these releases shall be effected by the Security Agent and, to the extent it is necessary, the Trustee without the consent of the Holders.
The Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries may also, among other things, without any release or consent by the Trustee or the Security Agent, conduct ordinary course activities with respect to Collateral, including, without limitation, (i) selling or otherwise disposing of, in any transaction or series of related transactions, any property subject to the Lien under the Security Documents which has become worn out, defective or obsolete or not used or useful in the business; (ii) selling, transferring or otherwise disposing of current assets in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) any other action permitted by the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
At the request of the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor, the Security Agent is authorized, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, to execute any document reasonably requested to evidence such release. Each of these releases shall be effected by the Security Agent without the consent of the Holders of the Senior Secured Notes, the Trustee or any action on the part of the Issuer, except as otherwise specified in the covenants referred to above. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision in the Indenture, the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Notes, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, the RCF Facility Agreement, the Security Documents and the security documents relating to the RCF Facility Agreement and certain hedging obligations, the release of any perfected security interest in respect of the Collateral governed by Swedish law will, until the date of irrevocable and unconditional payment in full of the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement, which for the avoidance of doubt includes liabilities under the Notes), always be subject to the prior written consent of the Security Agent. Each Holder and the Trustee authorizes the Security Agent to release such security interest at its discretion without the need for any consent, notification or any further authority from the Holders or any action on the part of the Security Agent (unless action is required by it to effect such release).
Amendments to the Intercreditor Agreement and Additional Intercreditor Agreements
In connection with the Incurrence of any Indebtedness by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is permitted to share in the Collateral, the Trustee and the Security Agent shall, at the request of the Issuer, enter into with the Issuer, the relevant Restricted Subsidiaries and the holders of such Indebtedness (or their duly authorized representatives) one or more intercreditor agreements or deeds (including a restatement, replacement, amendment or other modification of the Intercreditor Agreement) (an ``Additional Intercreditor Agreement''), on substantially similar terms as the Intercreditor Agreement (or terms that are not materially less favorable to the Holders), including containing substantially similar terms with respect to sharing of the proceeds of security and enforcement of security, priority, release of security, turnover, limitation on enforcement and other rights contained in the Intercreditor Agreement; provided that such Additional Intercreditor Agreement will not impose any personal obligations on the
201

Trustee or Security Agent or adversely affect the personal rights, duties, liabilities, indemnification or immunities of the Trustee or the Security Agent under the Indenture or the Intercreditor Agreement. In connection with the foregoing, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee and the Security Agent such documentation in relation thereto as it may reasonably require.
In relation to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee shall consent on behalf of the Holders to the payment, repayment, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, acquisition, retirement or redemption of any obligations subordinated to the Senior Secured Notes thereby; provided, however, that such transaction would comply with the covenant described herein under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments.''
The Indenture will also provide that, at the written direction of the Issuer and without the consent of Holders, the Trustee and the Security Agent shall from time to time enter into one or more amendments to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement to: (1) cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency of any such agreement, (2) increase the amount or types of Indebtedness covered by the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement that may be Incurred by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries that is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement or Additional Intercreditor Agreement (provided that such Indebtedness is Incurred in compliance with the Indenture), (3) add Guarantors or other Restricted Subsidiaries to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, (4) further secure the Senior Secured Notes (including Additional Senior Secured Notes), (5) make provision for equal and ratable pledges of the Collateral to secure Additional Senior Secured Notes or to implement any Permitted Collateral Liens or (6) make any other change to any such agreement that does not adversely affect the Holders of Senior Secured Notes in any material respect. The Issuer shall not otherwise direct the Trustee or Security Agent to enter into any amendment to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement without the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes then outstanding, except as otherwise permitted below under ``--Amendments and Waivers'' or as permitted by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, and the Issuer may only direct the Trustee or Security Agent to enter into any amendment to the extent such amendment does not impose any personal obligations on the Trustee or Security Agent or, in the opinion of the Trustee or Security Agent, adversely affect their respective rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
The Indenture will also provide that each Holder, by accepting a Senior Secured Note, shall be deemed to have agreed to and accepted the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement (whether then entered into or entered into in the future pursuant to the provisions described herein) and to have authorized the Trustee and the Security Agent to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or any restatement, replacement, amendment or other modification to reflect the above on each Holder's behalf and neither the Trustee nor the Security Agent will be required to seek the consent of the Holders to perform its obligations under and in accordance with the above provisions.
A copy of the Intercreditor Agreement and/or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement shall be made available to the Holders upon request and will be made available for inspection during normal business hours on any Business Day upon prior written request at the office of the Issuer and, for so long as any Senior Secured Notes are admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange, at the offices of Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited (the ``Listing Agent''), which are located in Dublin, Ireland.
Optional Redemption
Optional Redemption of the Fixed Rate Notes
Except as set forth herein and under ``--Redemption for Taxation Reasons'' and ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'', the Fixed Rate Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Issuer.
At any time prior to August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem the Fixed Rate Notes in whole or in part, at its option, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Fixed Rate Notes plus the relevant Fixed Rate Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the redemption date.
Prior to August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem during each 12-month period commencing with the Issue Date up to 10% of the aggregate principal outstanding amount of the Fixed Rate Notes at its option, from time to time, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior written notice, at a
202

redemption price equal to 103.000% of the principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Fixed Rate Notes to, but not including, the redemption date. Any such redemption or notice may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent.
At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem the Fixed Rate Notes in whole or in part, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to the percentage of principal amount set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date:

Twelve month period commencing on August 15:
2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2019 and thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Percentage
103.5000% 101.7500% 100.0000%

At any time and from time to time prior to August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem the Fixed Rate Notes upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice with the net cash proceeds received by the Issuer from any Equity Offering at a redemption price equal to 107.0000% plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, in an aggregate principal amount for all such redemptions not to exceed 40% of the original aggregate principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes (including Additional Fixed Rate Notes), provided that:

(1) in each case the redemption takes place not later than 180 days after the closing of the related Equity Offering; and

(2) not less than 60% of the original principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes being redeemed (including the principal amount of any Additional Fixed Rate Notes) remain outstanding immediately thereafter.

Notice of any redemption upon any Equity Offering may be given prior to the completion thereof.

Optional Redemption of the Euro Floating Rate Notes
Except as set forth herein and under ``--Redemption for Taxation Reasons'' and ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'', the Euro Floating Rate Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Issuer.
At any time prior to August 15, 2015, the Issuer may redeem the Euro Floating Rate Notes in whole or in part, at its option, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Euro Floating Rate Notes plus the relevant Euro Floating Rate Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to, the redemption date.
At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2015 the Issuer may redeem the Euro Floating Rate Notes, in whole or in part, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to the percentage of principal amount set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date:

Twelve month period commencing on August 15:
2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2016 and thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Percentage
101.0000% 100.0000%

Optional Redemption of the NOK Floating Rate Notes
Except as set forth herein and under ``--Redemption for Taxation Reasons'' and ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'', the NOK Floating Rate Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Issuer.
At any time prior to August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem the NOK Floating Rate Notes in whole or in part, at its option, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such NOK Floating Rate Notes plus the relevant NOK Floating Rate Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to, the redemption date.

203

At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem the NOK Floating Rate Notes in whole or in part, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to the percentage of principal amount set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date:

Twelve month period commencing on August 15:
2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2019 and thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Percentage
103.9750% 101.9875% 100.0000%

At any time and from time to time prior to August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem the NOK Floating Rate Notes upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice with the net cash proceeds received by the Issuer from any Equity Offering at a redemption price equal to 107.9500% plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, in an aggregate principal amount for all such redemptions not to exceed 40% of the original aggregate principal amount of the NOK Floating Rate Notes (including Additional NOK Floating Rate Notes), provided that:

(1) in each case the redemption takes place not later than 180 days after the closing of the related Equity Offering; and

(2) not less than 60% of the original principal amount of the NOK Floating Rate Notes being redeemed (including the principal amount of any Additional NOK Floating Rate Notes) remain outstanding immediately thereafter.

Notice of any redemption upon any Equity Offering may be given prior to the completion thereof.

General
Any redemption and notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent (including, without limitation, in the case of a redemption related to an Equity Offering, the consummation of such Equity Offering and, in the case of a redemption of the Senior Secured Notes, the incurrence of Indebtedness the proceeds of which will be used to redeem the Senior Secured Notes).
If the Issuer effects an optional redemption of the Senior Secured Notes, it will, for so long as the Senior Secured Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, inform the Irish Stock Exchange of such optional redemption and confirm the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes that will remain outstanding immediately after such redemption.
If the optional redemption date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, the accrued and unpaid interest will be paid to the Person in whose name the Senior Secured Note is registered at the close of business on such record date, and no additional interest will be payable to Holders whose Senior Secured Notes will be subject to redemption by the Issuer.

Sinking Fund
The Issuer will not be required to make mandatory redemption payments or sinking fund payments with respect to the Senior Secured Notes.

Selection and Notice
If less than all of the Fixed Rate Notes, the Euro Floating Rate Notes or the NOK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee or the relevant Registrar, as applicable, will select the Fixed Rate Notes, the Euro Floating Rate Notes or the NOK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, for redemption in compliance with the requirements of the principal securities exchange, if any, on which the Senior Secured Notes are listed, as certified to the Trustee or the relevant Registrar, as applicable, by the Issuer, and in compliance with the requirements of Euroclear, Clearstream or VPS, or if the Fixed Rate Notes, the Euro Floating Rate Notes or the NOK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, are not so listed or such exchange prescribes no method of selection and the Fixed Rate Notes, the Euro Floating Rate Notes or NOK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, are not held through Euroclear, Clearstream or the VPS or Euroclear, Clearstream or the VPS prescribe no method of selection, on a pro rata basis in respect of the Fixed Rate Notes, the Euro Floating Rate Notes or the NOK Floating Rate

204

Notes, as the case may be; provided, however, that no Fixed Rate Note or Euro Floating Rate Note of e100,000 in aggregate principal amount or less shall be redeemed in part and only Fixed Rate Notes and Euro Floating Rate Notes in integral multiples of e1,000 will be redeemed; provided, further, that no NOK Floating Rate Note of NOK 1,000,000 in aggregate principal amount or less shall be redeemed in part and only NOK Floating Rate Notes in integral multiples of NOK 10,000 will be redeemed. Neither the Trustee nor the relevant Registrar will be liable for any selections made in accordance with this paragraph. For Senior Secured Notes represented by global certificates held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, notices may be given by delivery to Euroclear and Clearstream for communications to entitled account holders in substitution for aforesaid mailing.
So long as any Senior Secured Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Market Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, any such notice to the Holders of the relevant Senior Secured Notes shall to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules be posted on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie) and in addition to such release, not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, the Issuer will mail, or at the expense of the Issuer, cause to be mailed, such notice to Holders by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at their respective addresses as they appear on the registration books of the Euro Registrar. Such notice of redemption may also be posted on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie), to the extent and in the manner permitted by the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange.
If any Senior Secured Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Senior Secured Note shall state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed, in which case a portion of the original Senior Secured Note will be issued in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Senior Secured Note. In the case of a Global Note, an appropriate notation will be made on such Senior Secured Note to decrease the principal amount thereof to an amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof. Subject to the terms of the applicable redemption notice (including any conditions contained therein), Senior Secured Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Senior Secured Notes or portions of them called for redemption.
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Issuer or Successor Issuer, as defined below, may redeem the Senior Secured Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time upon giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders of the Senior Secured Notes (which notice will be irrevocable) at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date fixed for redemption (a ``Tax Redemption Date'') (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date) and all Additional Amounts (see ``-- Withholding Taxes''), if any, then due and which will become due on the Tax Redemption Date as a result of the redemption or otherwise, if any, if the Issuer, Successor Issuer or Guarantor determine in good faith that, as a result of:
(1) any change in, or amendment to, the law or treaty (or any regulations, protocols or rulings promulgated thereunder) of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined below under ``--Withholding Taxes''); or
(2) any change in, or amendment to, or the introduction of, an official position regarding the application, administration or interpretation of such laws, treaties, regulations or rulings (including a holding, judgment or order by a court of competent jurisdiction) of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (each of the foregoing in clauses (1) and (2), a ``Change in Tax Law''),
the Issuer, Successor Issuer or Guarantor are, or on the next interest payment date in respect of the Senior Secured Notes would be, required to pay any Additional Amounts, and such obligation cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer, Successor Issuer or Guarantor (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the appointment of a new Paying Agent where this would be reasonable and not result in any material legal or regulatory burden or any significant additional costs but not including assignment of the obligation to make payment with respect to the Senior Secured Notes). In the case of redemption due to withholding as a result of a Change in Tax Law in a jurisdiction that is a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction at the date of this Offering Memorandum, such Change in Tax Law must become effective on or after the date of this Offering Memorandum. In the case of redemption due to withholding as a result of a Change in Tax Law in a jurisdiction that becomes a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction after the date of this Offering Memorandum, such Change in Tax Law must become effective
205

on or after the date the jurisdiction becomes a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the Change in Tax Law would have applied to the predecessor of the Successor Issuer. Notice of redemption for taxation reasons will be published in accordance with the procedures described under ``--Selection and Notice.'' Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such notice of redemption will be given (a) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Payor would be obliged to make such payment of Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Senior Secured Notes were then due and (b) unless at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts remains in effect. Prior to the publication or mailing of any notice of redemption of the Senior Secured Notes pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer or Successor Issuer will deliver to the Trustee (a) an Officer's Certificate stating that it is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to its right so to redeem have been satisfied and that it would not be able to avoid the obligation to pay Additional Amounts by taking reasonable measures available to it and (b) an opinion of an independent tax counsel of recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer, Successor Issuer or Guarantor has or have been or will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts as a result of a Change in Tax Law. The Trustee will accept such Officer's Certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent described above, without further inquiry, in which event it will be conclusive and binding on the Holders.
The foregoing will apply mutatis mutandis to any jurisdiction in which any successor to the Issuer is incorporated or organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority or agency thereof or therein.
Withholding Taxes
All payments made by the Issuer, a Successor Issuer or Guarantor (a ``Payor'') on the Senior Secured Notes or the Guarantees, as defined below, will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is then required by law. If any deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of:
(1) Norway or any political subdivision or Governmental Authority thereof or therein having power to tax;
(2) any jurisdiction from or through which payment on any such Senior Secured Note or Guarantee is made by the Issuer, Successor Issuer, Guarantor or their agents, or any political subdivision or Governmental Authority thereof or therein having the power to tax; or
(3) any other jurisdiction in which the Payor is incorporated or organized, engaged in a trade or business for tax purposes or otherwise considered to be a resident for tax purposes, or any political subdivision or Governmental Authority thereof or therein having the power to tax (each of clause (1), (2) and (3), a ``Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction''),
will at any time be required from any payments made by a Payor with respect to any Senior Secured Note or Guarantee, including payments of principal, redemption price, premium, if any, or interest, the Payor will pay (together with such payments) such additional amounts (the ``Additional Amounts'') as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received in respect of such payments by the Holders or the Trustee, as the case may be, after such withholding or deduction (including any such deduction or withholding from such Additional Amounts), will equal the amounts which would have been received in respect of such payments on any such Senior Secured Note or Guarantee in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that no such Additional Amounts will be payable for or on account of:
(1) any Taxes that would not have been so imposed but for the existence of any present or former connection between the relevant Holder or the beneficial owner of a Senior Secured Note (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or possessor of power over the relevant Holder or beneficial owner, if the relevant Holder or beneficial owner is an estate, nominee, trust, partnership, limited liability company or corporation) and the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (including being a citizen or resident or national of, or carrying on a business or maintaining a permanent establishment in, or being physically present in, the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction) but excluding, in each case, any connection arising solely from the acquisition, ownership or holding of such Senior Secured Note or the receipt of any payment in respect thereof;
(2) any Taxes to the extent that they are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Holder or the beneficial owner of the Senior Secured Note to comply with a written request of the Payor
206

addressed to the Holder, after reasonable notice, to provide certification, information, documents or other evidence concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder or such beneficial owner or to make any declaration or similar claim or satisfy any other reporting requirement relating to such matters, which is required by a statute, treaty, regulation or administrative practice of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of withholding or deduction of, all or part of such Taxes;
(3) any Taxes that are payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from a payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on the Senior Secured Notes;
(4) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, value added, use, excise, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge;
(5) any Taxes that are required to be deducted or withheld on a payment that are required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of November 26-27, 2000 on taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to such Directives;
(6) any Taxes imposed in connection with a Senior Secured Note presented for payment (where presentation is permitted or required for payment) by or on behalf of a Holder or beneficial owner who would have been able to avoid such Tax by presenting the relevant Senior Secured Note to, or otherwise accepting payment from, another paying agent;
(7) any Taxes withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version of such Sections), any U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, any official interpretations thereof or any agreements (including an intergovernmental agreement or any law implementing any such agreement) entered into in connection with the implementation thereof; or
(8) any combination of the above.
Such Additional Amounts will also not be payable (x) if the payment could have been made without such deduction or withholding if the beneficiary of the payment had presented the Senior Secured Note for payment (where presentation is permitted or required for payment) within 30 days after the relevant payment was first made available for payment to the Holder or (y) where, had the beneficial owner of the Senior Secured Note been the Holder, such beneficial owner would not have been entitled to payment of Additional Amounts by reason of any of clauses (1) to (8) inclusive above.
In addition, no Additional Amounts shall be paid with respect to any payment to any Holder who is a fiduciary or a partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such Senior Secured Notes to the extent that the beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary, the member of such partnership or the beneficial owner of such Senior Secured Notes would not have been entitled to Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner held such Senior Secured Notes directly.
The Payor will (i) make any required withholding or deduction and (ii) remit the full amount deducted or withheld to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in accordance with applicable law. The Payor will use all reasonable efforts to obtain certified copies of tax receipts evidencing the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld from each Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction imposing such Taxes, in such form as provided in the ordinary course by the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction and as is reasonably available to the Issuer and will provide such certified copies to the Trustee. Such copies shall be made available to the Holders upon request. The Payor shall attach to each certified copy or other evidence, as applicable, a certificate stating (x) that the amount of Tax evidenced by the certified copy was paid in connection with payments under or with respect to the Senior Secured Notes then outstanding upon which such Taxes were due and (y) the amount of such withholding tax paid per e1,000 or NOK 10,000 (as applicable) of principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes.
If any Payor will be obligated to pay Additional Amounts under or with respect to any payment made on any Senior Secured Note or Guarantee, at least 30 days prior to the date of such payment, the Payor will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amount so payable and such other information necessary to enable the Paying Agent to pay Additional Amounts to Holders on the relevant payment date (unless such obligation to pay Additional Amounts arises less than 45 days prior to the relevant payment date, in which case the Payor may deliver such Officer's Certificate as promptly as practicable after the date that is 30 days prior to the payment
207

date). The Trustee will be entitled to rely solely on such Officer's Certificate as conclusive proof that such payments are necessary.
Wherever in either the Indenture, the Guarantees or this ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes'' there are mentioned, in any context:
(1) the payment of principal;
(2) purchase prices in connection with a purchase of Senior Secured Notes;
(3) interest; or
(4) any other amount payable on or with respect to any of the Senior Secured Notes,
such reference shall be deemed to include payment of Additional Amounts as described under this heading to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof.
The Payor will pay any present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes, or any other property or similar taxes, charges or levies that arise in any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction from the execution, delivery, registration or enforcement of any Senior Secured Notes, the Indenture, the Security Documents or any other document or instrument in relation thereto (other than a transfer of the Senior Secured Notes), and the Payor agrees to indemnify the Holders for any such taxes paid by such Holders. The Payor will also pay any such taxes, charges, or levies arising in any taxing jurisdiction in connection with the enforcement of the Senior Secured Notes, or any other such document or instrument, following the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Senior Secured Notes.
The foregoing obligations will survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of the Indenture and will apply mutatis mutandis to any jurisdiction in which any successor to the Issuer is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority or agency thereof or therein.
Change of Control
If a Change of Control occurs, subject to the terms hereof, each Holder will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or part (in integral multiples of e1,000 or NOK 10,000, as the case may be; provided that Fixed Rate Notes and Euro Floating Rate Notes, as applicable, of e100,000 or less may only be redeemed in whole and not in part and NOK Floating Rate Notes of NOK 1,000,000 or less may only be redeemed in whole and not in part) of such Holder's Senior Secured Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date); provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be obliged to repurchase Senior Secured Notes as described under this ``--Change of Control'' section in the event and to the extent that it has unconditionally exercised its right to redeem all of the Senior Secured Notes as described under ``--Optional Redemption'' or all conditions to such redemption have been satisfied or waived.
Unless the Issuer has unconditionally exercised its right to redeem all the Senior Secured Notes as described under ``--Optional Redemption'' or all conditions to such redemption have been satisfied or waived, no later than the date that is 60 days after any Change of Control, the Issuer will mail a notice (the ``Change of Control Offer'') to each Holder of any such Senior Secured Notes, with a copy to the Trustee:
(1) stating that a Change of Control has occurred or may occur and that such Holder has the right to require the Issuer to purchase such Holder's Senior Secured Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of such Senior Secured Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on a record date to receive interest on the relevant interest payment date) (the ``Change of Control Payment'');
(2) stating the repurchase date (which shall be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed) (the ``Change of Control Payment Date'');
(3) describing the circumstances and relevant facts regarding the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control;
(4) describing the procedures determined by the Issuer, consistent with the Indenture, that a Holder must follow in order to have its Senior Secured Notes repurchased; and
208

(5) if such notice is mailed prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control, stating that the Change of Control Offer is conditional on the occurrence of such Change of Control.
On the Change of Control Payment Date, if the Change of Control shall have occurred, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful:
(1) accept for payment all Senior Secured Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
(2) deposit with the Principal Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Senior Secured Notes so tendered;
(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes or portions thereof being purchased by the Issuer in the Change of Control Offer;
(4) in the case of Global Notes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Principal Paying Agent the Global Notes in order to reflect thereon the portion of such Senior Secured Notes or portions thereof that have been tendered to and purchased by the Issuer; and
(5) in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the relevant Registrar for cancellation all Definitive Registered Notes accepted for purchase by the Issuer.
If any Definitive Registered Notes have been issued, the relevant Paying Agent will promptly mail to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes so tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Senior Secured Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate (or cause to be authenticated) and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes a new Senior Secured Note equal in aggregate principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Senior Secured Notes surrendered, if any; provided that with respect to any new Senior Secured Note denominated in euro, each such new Senior Secured Note will be in an aggregate principal amount that is at least e100,000 and integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof and with respect to any new Senior Secured Note denominated in NOK, at least NOK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of NOK 10,000 in excess thereof.
In the case of the NOK Floating Rate Notes, a Holder shall notify its account manager, who shall in turn notify the NOK Paying Agent or the Trustee of such Holder's selection to tender in connection with a Change of Control Offer. Once such tender has been accepted by the Issuer and notified to the NOK Paying Agent, the NOK Paying Agent shall promptly credit the bank account of such Holder the Change of Control Payment for such NOK Floating Rate Notes so tendered and deduct the corresponding amount from such Holder's VPS account.
If and for so long as the Euro Senior Secured Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish notices relating to the Change of Control Offer as soon as reasonably practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notices on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie).
The Change of Control provisions described above will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of the Indenture are applicable. Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the Holders to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Senior Secured Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction. The existence of a Holder's right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Holder's Senior Secured Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control may deter a third party from seeking to acquire the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Senior Secured Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a
209

definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control, or an offer or other transaction that if consummated would result in a Change of Control has been publicly announced and, if applicable, not withdrawn, at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other applicable securities laws or regulations (or rules of any exchange on which the Senior Secured Notes are then listed) in connection with the repurchase of Senior Secured Notes pursuant to this covenant. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations (or exchange rules) conflict with provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations (or exchange rules) and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions of the Indenture by virtue of the conflict.
Under the RCF Facility Agreement, the occurrence of a change of control would require the repayment of such debt. Future debt of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may prohibit the Issuer from purchasing Senior Secured Notes in the event of a Change of Control or provide that a Change of Control is a default or requires repurchase upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the Holders of their right to require the Issuer to purchase the Senior Secured Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, other debt, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of the purchase on the Issuer.
Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the Holders following the occurrence of a Change of Control may be limited by the Issuer's then existing financial resources. The occurrence of events constituting a Change of Control would also trigger the requirement that the Issuer offer to purchase the Senior Notes. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make the required purchase of the Senior Secured Notes. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--The Group may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indentures.''
Holders of the Senior Secured Notes may not be entitled to require the Issuer to purchase their Senior Secured Notes in certain circumstances involving a significant change in the composition of the Issuer's board of directors, including in connection with a proxy contest, where the Issuer's board of directors initially publicly opposes the election of a dissident slate of directors, but subsequently approves such directors for the purposes of the Indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes. This may result in a change in the composition of the board of directors that, but for such subsequent approval, would have otherwise constituted a Change of Control requiring a repurchase offer under the terms of the Indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes.
The definition of ``Change of Control'' includes a disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to specified other Persons. Although there is limited case law interpreting the phrase ``substantially all'', there is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control has occurred and whether a Holder may require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes as described above.
The provisions of the Indenture relating to the Issuer's obligation to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes as a result of a Change of Control may be waived or modified with the written consent of Holders of a majority in outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes under the Indenture.
Certain Covenants
Limitation on Indebtedness
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, Incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness); provided, however, that the Issuer and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may Incur Indebtedness if on the date of such Incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds thereof) as if the additional Indebtedness had been Incurred at the beginning of such four quarter period, the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Issuer's most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available immediately preceding the date on which such additional
210

Indebtedness is Incurred is at least 2.0 to 1.0; provided further that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this paragraph and clause (11) of the next paragraph by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors shall not exceed e60 million at any one time outstanding.

The first paragraph of this covenant will not prohibit the Incurrence of the following Indebtedness:

(1) Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to any Credit Facility (including letters of credit or bankers' acceptances issued or created under any Credit Facility), and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and Guarantees in respect of such Indebtedness in a maximum aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding (a) the greater of (i) e255 million and (ii) 18.40% of ERC for the Issuer's most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness is Incurred, plus (b) in the case of any refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under this clause (1) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses Incurred in connection with such refinancing;

(2) (a)

Guarantees by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as (i) the Incurrence of such Indebtedness being guaranteed is permitted under the terms of the Indenture, (ii) if the Indebtedness being guaranteed is subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes or to a Guarantee then such Guarantee must be subordinated to the same extent as the Indebtedness being guaranteed and (iii) if the Indebtedness being guaranteed is Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor, such Restricted Subsidiary complies with the covenant described under ``--Additional Guarantees''; or

(b) without limiting the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Liens,'' Indebtedness arising by reason of any Lien granted by or applicable to such Person securing Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as the Incurrence of such Indebtedness is permitted under the terms of the Indenture;

(3) Indebtedness of the Issuer owing to and held by any Restricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to and held by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that:

(a) if the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor is the obligor under such Indebtedness and the obligee is not the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor, such Indebtedness is unsecured and ((i) except in respect of the intercompany current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the cash management operations of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) only to the extent legally permitted (the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries having completed all procedures required in the reasonable judgment of directors of officers of the obligee or obligor to protect such Persons from any penalty or civil or criminal liability in connection with the subordination of such Indebtedness)) expressly subordinated in right of payment to prior payment in full in cash (whether upon Stated Maturity, acceleration or otherwise) and the performance in full of its obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and the Indenture; and

(b) (i) any subsequent issuance or transfer of Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such Indebtedness being beneficially held by a Person other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer and (ii) any sale or other transfer of any such Indebtedness to a Person other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, shall be deemed, in each case, to constitute an Incurrence of such Indebtedness by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be;

(4) Indebtedness represented by (a) the Senior Secured Notes (other than any Additional Senior Secured Notes) and the Subsidiary Guarantees thereof, (b) any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness described in clauses (1) and (3) of this paragraph) outstanding on the Issue Date after giving effect to the Transactions, and described under ``Capitalization'' elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum and (c) Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in respect of any Indebtedness described in sub-clause (a), (b) or (c) of this clause (4) or clause (5) of this paragraph or Incurred pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant;

(5) Indebtedness of any Person (a) Incurred and outstanding on the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or is

211

merged, consolidated, amalgamated or otherwise combined with (including pursuant to any acquisition of assets and assumption of related liabilities) the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness Incurred in connection with, or to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) or (b) Incurred to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, with respect to each of clause (5)(a) and (5)(b), that at the time of such acquisition or other transaction (i) the Issuer would have been able to Incur e1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant after giving effect to the Incurrence of such Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (5) or (ii) the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Issuer would not be less than it was immediately prior to giving effect to such acquisition or other transaction; provided, further, with respect to the preceding clause 5(b) only, that at the time of such acquisition or other transaction the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed 4.0 to 1.0;

(6) Indebtedness under Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements and Commodity Hedging Agreements entered into for bona fide hedging purposes of the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries and not for speculative purposes (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or Senior Management of the Issuer);

(7) Indebtedness represented by Capitalized Lease Obligations or Purchase Money Obligations, and in each case any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which, when taken together with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (7) and then outstanding, will not exceed at any time the greater of (A) e40 million and (B) 2.25% of Total Assets;

(8) Indebtedness in respect of (a) workers' compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, performance, indemnity, surety, judgment, appeal, advance payment, customs, VAT or other tax or other guarantees or other similar bonds, instruments or obligations and completion guarantees and warranties provided by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or relating to liabilities, obligations or guarantees Incurred in the ordinary course of business or in respect of any governmental requirement, (b) letters of credit, bankers' acceptances, guarantees or other similar instruments or obligations issued or relating to liabilities or obligations Incurred in the ordinary course of business or in respect of any governmental requirement; provided, however, that upon the drawing of such letters of credit or similar instruments, the obligations are reimbursed within 30 days following such drawing, (c) the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business and (d) any customary cash management, cash pooling or netting or setting off arrangements in the ordinary course of business;

(9) Indebtedness arising from agreements providing for customary guarantees, indemnification, obligations in respect of earn-outs or other adjustments of purchase price or, in each case, similar obligations, in each case, Incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business or assets or Person or any Capital Stock of a Subsidiary (other than Guarantees of Indebtedness Incurred by any Person acquiring or disposing of such business or assets or such Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition or disposition); provided that, in the case of a disposition, the maximum liability of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of all such Indebtedness shall at no time exceed the gross proceeds, including the fair market value of non-cash proceeds (measured at the time received and without giving effect to any subsequent changes in value), actually received by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such disposition;

(10) (a)

Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; provided, however, that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five Business Days of Incurrence;

(b) take-or-pay obligations, customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods or services purchased in the ordinary course of business;

212

(c) Indebtedness owed on a short-term basis of no longer than 30 days to banks and other financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries with such banks or financial institutions that arises in connection with ordinary banking arrangements to manage cash balances of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries; and
(d) Indebtedness incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with bankers acceptances, discounted bills of exchange or the discounting or factoring of receivables for credit management of bad debt purposes, in each case incurred or undertaken in the ordinary course of business on arm's length commercial terms on a recourse basis;
(11) Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which, when taken together with any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and the aggregate principal amount of all other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (11) and then outstanding, will not exceed the greater of e85 million and 6.1% of ERC; provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (11) and under the first paragraph of this covenant by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors shall not exceed e60 million at any one time outstanding;
(12) Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which, when taken together with any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and the principal amount of all other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (12) and then outstanding, will not exceed 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer from the issuance or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of its Subordinated Shareholder Funding or its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock, Designated Preference Shares or an Excluded Contribution) or otherwise contributed to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock, Designated Preference Shares or an Excluded Contribution) of the Issuer, in each case, subsequent to the Issue Date; provided, however, that (i) any such Net Cash Proceeds that are so received or contributed shall be excluded for purposes of making Restricted Payments under the first paragraph and clauses (1), (6)(ii) and (10)(a) of the third paragraph of the covenant described below under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' to the extent the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries incur Indebtedness in reliance thereon and (ii) any Net Cash Proceeds that are so received or contributed shall be excluded for purposes of Incurring Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (12) to the extent the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes a Restricted Payment under the first paragraph and clauses (1), (6)(ii) and (10)(a) of the third paragraph of the covenant described below under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' in reliance thereon;
(13) Indebtedness Incurred by a Receivables Subsidiary in a Qualified Receivables Financing;
(14) Indebtedness under daylight borrowing facilities incurred in connection with any refinancing of Indebtedness (including by way of set-off or exchange) so long as any such Indebtedness is repaid within three days of the date on which such Indebtedness is Incurred; and
(15) Indebtedness consisting of local lines of credit or working capital facilities not exceeding e20 million outstanding at any one time.
For purposes of determining compliance with, and the outstanding principal amount of any particular Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to and in compliance with, this covenant:
(1) in the event that Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in the first and second paragraphs of this covenant, the Issuer, in its sole discretion, will classify, and may from time to time reclassify, such item of Indebtedness and only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one of the clauses of the second paragraph or the first paragraph of this covenant; provided that Indebtedness Incurred under clause (1) of the second paragraph of this covenant cannot be reclassified;
(2) all Indebtedness outstanding on the Issue Date under the RCF Facility Agreement shall be deemed Incurred on the Issue Date under clause (1) of the second paragraph of the description of this covenant and not the first paragraph or clause (4)(b) of the second paragraph of the description of this covenant;
(3) Guarantees of, or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments or any ``parallel debt'' obligation relating to, or Liens securing, Indebtedness that is otherwise included in the determination of a particular amount of Indebtedness shall not be included;
213

(4) if obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments are Incurred pursuant to any Credit Facility and are being treated as Incurred pursuant to clause (1), (7), (11), (12) or (15) of the second paragraph above or the first paragraph above and the letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments relate to other Indebtedness, then such other Indebtedness shall not be included;
(5) the principal amount of any Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, will be equal to the greater of the maximum mandatory redemption or repurchase price (not including, in either case, any redemption or repurchase premium) or the liquidation preference thereof;
(6) Indebtedness permitted by this covenant need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such Indebtedness but may be permitted in part by one such provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this covenant permitting such Indebtedness; and
(7) the amount of Indebtedness issued at a price that is less than the principal amount thereof will be equal to the amount of the liability in respect thereof determined on the basis of IFRS.
Accrual of interest, accrual of dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness, the payment of dividends in the form of additional shares of Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock or the reclassification of commitments or obligations not treated as Indebtedness due to a change in IFRS will not be deemed to be an Incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of the covenant described under this ``--Limitation on Indebtedness.'' The amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of any date shall be calculated as specified under the definition of ``Indebtedness.''
If at any time an Unrestricted Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary shall be deemed to be Incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer as of such date.
For purposes of determining compliance with any euro-denominated restriction on the Incurrence of Indebtedness, the euro equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in another currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was Incurred, in the case of term Indebtedness, or first committed, in the case of Indebtedness Incurred under a revolving credit facility; provided that (a) if such Indebtedness is Incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than euro, and such refinancing would cause the applicable euro-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such euro-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the aggregate principal amount of such Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced; (b) the euro equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of any such Indebtedness outstanding on the Issue Date shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the Issue Date; and (c) if and for so long as any such Indebtedness is subject to a Currency Agreement with respect to the currency in which such Indebtedness is denominated covering principal and interest on such Indebtedness, the amount of such Indebtedness, if denominated in euro, will be the amount of the principal payment required to be made under such Currency Agreement and, otherwise, the euro equivalent of such amount plus the euro equivalent of any premium which is at such time due and payable but is not covered by such Currency Agreement.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this covenant, the maximum amount of Indebtedness that the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary may Incur pursuant to this covenant shall not be deemed to be exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies. The principal amount of any Indebtedness Incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if Incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such Refinancing Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing.
Neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor will incur any Indebtedness (including any Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred pursuant to the second paragraph of this covenant) that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or such Guarantor unless such Indebtedness is also contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes and the applicable Guarantee thereof on substantially identical terms (as determined in good faith by the Issuer); provided, however, that no Indebtedness will be deemed to be contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor solely by virtue of being unsecured, by virtue of
214

being secured with different collateral, by virtue of being secured on a junior priority basis or by virtue of the application of waterfall or other payment-ordering provisions affecting different tranches of Indebtedness under Credit Facilities.
Limitation on Restricted Payments
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, to:
(1) declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution on or in respect of the Issuer's or any Restricted Subsidiary's Capital Stock (including any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) except:
(a) dividends or distributions payable in Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock) or in options, warrants or other rights to purchase such Capital Stock of the Issuer or in Subordinated Shareholder Funding; and
(b) dividends or distributions payable to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (and, in the case of any such Restricted Subsidiary making such dividend or distribution, to holders of its Capital Stock other than the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary on no more than a pro rata basis, measured by value);
(2) purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value (including, without limitation, any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Issuer) any Capital Stock of the Issuer or any direct or indirect Parent of the Issuer held by Persons other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than in exchange for Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock));
(3) make any principal payment on, or purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value, prior to scheduled maturity, scheduled repayment or scheduled sinking fund payment, any Subordinated Indebtedness (other than (a) any such payment, purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement or in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case, due within one year of the date of purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement and (b) any Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to clause (3) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness''); or
(4) make any payment (other than by capitalization of interest) on or with respect to, or purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value, any Subordinated Shareholder Funding or under the Proceeds Loan; or
(5) make any Restricted Investment in any Person
(any such dividend, distribution, payment, purchase, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, other acquisition, retirement or Restricted Investment referred to in clauses (1) through (5) are referred to herein as a ``Restricted Payment''), if at the time the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary makes such Restricted Payment:
(a) a Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or would result immediately thereafter therefrom);
(b) the Issuer is not able to Incur an additional e1.00 of Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph under the ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant after giving effect, on a pro forma basis, to such Restricted Payment; or
(c) the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payment and all other Restricted Payments made subsequent to the Issue Date (and not returned or rescinded) (including Permitted Payments permitted below by clauses (5), (6), (10), (11), (12) and (17) of the second succeeding paragraph, but excluding all other Restricted Payments permitted by the second succeeding paragraph) would exceed the sum of (without duplication):
(i) 50% of Consolidated Net Income for the period (treated as one accounting period) from the first day of the first fiscal quarter commencing prior to the Issue Date to the end of the most recent fiscal quarter ending prior to the date of such Restricted Payment for which internal consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available (or, in the case such Consolidated Net Income is a deficit, minus 100% of such deficit);
215

(ii) 100% of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds, and the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph) of property or assets or marketable securities, received by the Issuer from the issue or sale of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) or Subordinated Shareholder Funding subsequent to the Issue Date or otherwise contributed to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer subsequent to the Issue Date (other than (w) Net Cash Proceeds or property or assets or marketable securities received from an issuance or sale of such Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding on or prior to the Completion Date as described under ``--Capitalization--Equity (including Shareholder Notes)'', (x) Net Cash Proceeds or property or assets or marketable securities received from an issuance or sale of such Capital Stock to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, (y) Net Cash Proceeds or property or assets or marketable securities to the extent that any Restricted Payment has been made from such proceeds in reliance on clause (1) or (6) of the second succeeding paragraph and (z) Excluded Contributions);
(iii) 100% of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds, and the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph) of property or assets or marketable securities, received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary from the issuance or sale (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary subsequent to the Issue Date of any Indebtedness that has been converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) or Subordinated Shareholder Funding (plus the amount of any cash, and the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph) of property or assets or marketable securities, received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary upon such conversion or exchange);
(iv) the amount equal to the net reduction in Restricted Investments made by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries resulting from:
(A) repurchases, redemptions or other acquisitions or retirements of any such Restricted Investment, proceeds realized upon the sale or other disposition to a Person other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of any such Restricted Investment, repayments of loans or advances or other transfers of assets (including by way of dividend, distribution, interest payments or returns of capital) to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; or
(B) the redesignation of Unrestricted Subsidiaries as Restricted Subsidiaries or the merger or consolidation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (valued at the fair market value of the Issuer's Restricted Investment in such Subsidiary) or the transfer of all of the assets of such Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (valued at the fair market value of the property received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary),
which amount, in each case under this clause (iv), was included in the calculation of the amount of Restricted Payments referred to in the first sentence of this clause (c); provided, however, that no amount will be included in Consolidated Net Income for purposes of the preceding clause (i) to the extent that it is (at the Issuer's option) included under this clause (iv); and
(v) the amount of the cash and the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph) of property or assets or of marketable securities received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with:
(A) the sale or other disposition (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) of Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; and
(B) any dividend or distribution made by an Unrestricted Subsidiary or Affiliate to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;
216

in each case, which Unrestricted Subsidiary was designated as such after the Issue Date; provided, however, that no amount will be included in Consolidated Net Income for purposes of the preceding clause (i) to the extent that it is (at the Issuer's option) included under this clause (v).
The fair market value of property or assets other than cash covered by the preceding sentence shall be the fair market value thereof as determined in good faith by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
The foregoing provisions will not prohibit any of the following (collectively, ``Permitted Payments''):
(1) the making of any Restricted Payment in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale or issuance of, Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares), Subordinated Shareholder Funding or a substantially concurrent contribution to the equity (in each case, other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares or through an Excluded Contribution and to the extent that any Restricted Payment has been made from such proceeds in reliance on clause (6)(ii) below) of the Issuer;
provided, however, that to the extent so applied, the Net Cash Proceeds, or fair market value (as determined in accordance with the preceding sentence) of property or assets or of marketable securities, from such sale of Capital Stock, Subordinated Shareholder Funding or such contribution will be excluded from clause (c)(ii) of the first paragraph describing this covenant;
(2) any purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' above;
(3) any purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of (a) Preferred Stock of the Issuer made by exchange for or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of Preferred Stock of the Issuer or (b) Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary made by exchange for or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of Preferred Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary, that, in each case, is permitted to be Incurred pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' above, and that in each case, constitutes Refinancing Indebtedness;
(4) any purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness:
(a) (i) from Net Available Cash to the extent permitted under ``--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' below, but only if the Issuer shall have first complied with the terms described under ``--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' and purchased all Senior Secured Notes tendered pursuant to any offer to repurchase all the Senior Secured Notes required thereby, prior to purchasing, repurchasing, redeeming, defeasing or otherwise acquiring or retiring such Subordinated Indebtedness and (ii) at a purchase price not greater than 100% of the principal amount of such Subordinated Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest;
(b) to the extent required by the agreement governing such Subordinated Indebtedness, following the occurrence of a Change of Control (or other similar event described therein as a ``change of control''), but only (i) if the Issuer shall be required to make a Change of Control Offer under ``--Change of Control'' and shall have first complied with the terms described under ``--Change of Control'' and purchased all Senior Secured Notes tendered pursuant to the offer to repurchase all the Senior Secured Notes required thereby, prior to purchasing, repurchasing, redeeming, defeasing or otherwise acquiring or retiring such Subordinated Indebtedness and (ii) at a purchase price not greater than 101% of the principal amount of such Subordinated Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest; or
(c) (i) consisting of Acquired Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness Incurred (A) to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by
217

the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) otherwise in connection with or contemplation of such acquisition) and (ii) at a purchase price not greater than 100% of the principal amount of such Subordinated Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest and any premium required by the terms of any Acquired Indebtedness;
(5) any dividends paid within, or redemption or repurchase consummated within, 60 days after the date of declaration or the giving of the redemption or repayment notice if at such date of declaration or notice such dividend or redemption or repayment, as the case may be, would have complied with this covenant;
(6) the purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition, cancellation or retirement for value of Capital Stock of any Parent, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof) and loans, advances, dividends or distributions by the Issuer to any Parent to permit any Parent to purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire, cancel or retire for value Capital Stock of any Parent, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof), or payments to purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire, cancel or retire for value Capital Stock of any Parent, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof), in each case from Management Investors; provided that such payments, loans, advances, dividends or distributions do not exceed an amount (net of repayments of any such loans or advances) equal to (i) e7.5 million plus e2 million in each calendar year after the Issue Date (with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to the next two succeeding calendar years) plus (ii) the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries since the Issue Date (including through receipt of proceeds from the issuance or sale of its Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding to a Parent) from, or as a contribution to the equity (in each case under this clause (6), other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer from, the issuance or sale to Management Investors of Capital Stock (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof), to the extent such Net Cash Proceeds are not included in any calculation under clause (c)(ii) of the first paragraph describing this covenant;
(7) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock, or of any Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, Incurred in accordance with the terms of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' above;
(8) purchases, repurchases, redemptions, defeasances or other acquisitions or retirements of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof if such Capital Stock represents a portion of the exercise price thereof;
(9) dividends, loans, advances or distributions to any Parent or other payments by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in amounts equal to (without duplication):
(a) the amounts required for any Parent to pay any Parent Expenses or any Related Taxes; or
(b) amounts constituting or to be used for purposes of making payments (i) of fees and expenses Incurred in connection with the Transactions or (ii) to the extent specified in clauses (2), (3), (5), (7) (only to the extent that such payments do not exceed the amount of tax that the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries would owe without taking into account the Tax Sharing Agreement with such Parent or Unrestricted Subsidiary and provided that the related tax liabilities of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries are relieved thereby), (11) (only so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom) and (12) of the second paragraph under ``--Limitation on Affiliate Transactions;''
(10) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result from), the declaration and payment by the Issuer of, or loans, advances, dividends or distributions to any Parent to pay, dividends on the common stock or common equity interests of the Issuer or any Parent following a Public Offering of such common stock or common equity interests, in an amount not to exceed in any fiscal year the greater of (a) 6% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer from such Public Offering or contributed to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares or through an Excluded Contribution) of the Issuer or loaned as Subordinated Shareholder Funding to the Issuer and (b) following the Initial Public Offering, an amount equal to the greater of (i) the greater of (A) 7% of the Market Capitalization and (B) 7% of the IPO Market Capitalization; provided that after giving pro forma effect
218

to such loans, advances, dividends or distributions, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall be equal to or less than 3.00 to 1.00 and (ii) the greater of (A) 5% of the Market Capitalization and (B) 5% of the IPO Market Capitalization; provided that after giving pro forma effect to such loans, advances, dividends or distributions, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall be equal to or less than 3.50 to 1.00;
(11) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result from), Restricted Payments (including loans or advances) in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed e35 million;
(12) payments by the Issuer, or loans, advances, dividends or distributions to any Parent to make payments, to holders of Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares of such Capital Stock, provided, however, that any such payment, loan, advance, dividend or distribution shall not be for the purpose of evading any limitation of this covenant or otherwise to facilitate any dividend or other return of capital to the holders of such Capital Stock (as determined in good faith by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer);
(13) Investments in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the aggregate cash amount of Excluded Contributions, or consisting of non-cash Excluded Contributions, or Investments to the extent made in exchange for or using as consideration Investments previously made under this clause (13);
(14) (i) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preference Shares of the Issuer issued after the Issue Date; and (ii) the declaration and payment of dividends to any Parent or any Affiliate thereof, the proceeds of which will be used to fund the payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preference Shares of such Parent issued after the Issue Date; provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), the amount of all dividends declared or paid pursuant to this clause (14) shall not exceed the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer or the aggregate amount contributed in cash to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or an Excluded Contribution or, in the case of Designated Preference Shares by Parent or an Affiliate, the issuance of Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer or loaned as Subordinated Shareholder Funding to the Issuer, from the issuance or sale of such Designated Preference Shares;
(15) dividends or other distributions of Capital Stock of Unrestricted Subsidiaries;
(16) payment of any Receivables Fees and purchases of Receivables Assets pursuant to a Receivables Repurchase Obligation in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing;
(17) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result therefrom), any dividend, distribution, loan or other payment to any Parent; provided that the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Issuer on a pro forma basis after giving effect to any such dividend, distribution, loan or other payment does not exceed 2.75 to 1.00; and
(18) dividends or other distributions to the Parent for the payment of regularly scheduled interest as such amounts come due under the Senior Notes.
The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) shall be the fair market value on the date of such Restricted Payment of the asset(s) or securities proposed to be paid, transferred or issued by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to such Restricted Payment. The fair market value of any cash Restricted Payment shall be its face amount, and the fair market value of any non-cash Restricted Payment shall be determined conclusively by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer acting in good faith. For purposes hereof, unsecured Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be subordinate or junior to Indebtedness that is secured by virtue of it not being secured.
Limitation on Liens
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, Incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets (including Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer), whether owned on the Issue Date or acquired after that date, or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom, which Lien is securing any Indebtedness (such Lien, the ``Initial Lien''), except (a) in the case of any property or asset that does not constitute Collateral, (1) Permitted Liens or (2) Liens on property or assets that are not Permitted Liens if the Senior Secured Notes and the Indenture (or a Guarantee in the case of Liens of a Guarantor) are directly secured equally
219

and ratably with, or prior to, in the case of Liens with respect to Subordinated Indebtedness, the Indebtedness secured by such Initial Lien for so long as such Indebtedness is so secured, and (b) in the case of any property or asset that constitutes Collateral, Permitted Collateral Liens.
Any such Lien created in favor of the Senior Secured Notes pursuant to clause (a)(2) of the preceding paragraph will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon (i) the release and discharge of the Initial Lien to which it relates, and (ii) otherwise as set forth under ``--Security--Release of Liens.''
Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create or otherwise cause or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to:
(A) pay dividends or make any other distributions in cash or otherwise on its Capital Stock held by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or pay any Indebtedness or other obligations owed to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(B) make any loans or advances to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; or
(C) sell, lease or transfer any of its property or assets to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary,
provided that (x) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior to dividends or liquidating distributions being paid on common stock and (y) the subordination of (including the application of any standstill requirements to) loans or advances made to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to other Indebtedness Incurred by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to constitute such an encumbrance or restriction.
The provisions of the preceding paragraph will not prohibit:
(1) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to (a) any Credit Facility (including the RCF Finance Documents) or (b) any other agreement or instrument, in each case, in effect at or entered into on the Issue Date, including, without limitation, the Indenture, the Senior Secured Notes, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Notes and the Security Documents;
(2) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to an agreement or instrument of a Person or relating to any Capital Stock or Indebtedness of a Person, entered into on or before the date on which such Person was acquired by or merged, consolidated or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, or was designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or on which such agreement or instrument is assumed by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets (other than Capital Stock or Indebtedness Incurred as consideration in, or to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate, the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was acquired by the Issuer or was merged, consolidated or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary entered into or in connection with such transaction) and outstanding on such date;
(3) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to an agreement or instrument effecting a refinancing of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to, or that otherwise refinances, an agreement or instrument referred to in clause (1) or (2) of this paragraph or this clause (3) (an ``Initial Agreement'') or contained in any amendment, supplement or other modification to an agreement referred to in clause (1) or (2) of this paragraph or this clause (3); provided, however, that the encumbrances and restrictions with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary contained in any such agreement or instrument are no less favorable in any material respect to the Holders taken as a whole than the encumbrances and restrictions contained in the Initial Agreement or Initial Agreements to which such refinancing or amendment, supplement or other modification relates (as determined in good faith by the Issuer);
(4) any encumbrance or restriction:
(a) that restricts in a customary manner the subletting, assignment or transfer of any property or asset that is subject to a lease, license or similar contract, or the assignment or transfer of any lease, license or other contract;
220

(b) contained in mortgages, pledges, charges or other security agreements permitted under the Indenture or securing Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary permitted under the Indenture to the extent such encumbrances or restrictions restrict the transfer of the property or assets subject to such mortgages, pledges, charges or other security agreements; or
(c) pursuant to customary provisions restricting dispositions of real property interests set forth in any reciprocal easement agreements of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(5) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to Purchase Money Obligations and Capitalized Lease Obligations permitted under the Indenture, in each case, that impose encumbrances or restrictions on the property so acquired or any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to a joint venture agreement that imposes restrictions on the transfer of the assets of the joint venture;
(6) any encumbrance or restriction with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary (or any of its property or assets) imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the direct or indirect sale or disposition to a Person of all or substantially all the Capital Stock or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the property or assets that are subject to such restriction) pending the closing of such sale or disposition;
(7) customary provisions in leases, licenses, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements and instruments entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(8) encumbrances or restrictions arising or existing by reason of applicable law or any applicable rule, regulation or order, or required by any regulatory authority;
(9) any encumbrance or restriction on cash or other deposits or net worth imposed by customers or suppliers, or as required by insurance, surety or bonding companies or indemnities, in each case, under agreements or policies entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(10) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements or Commodity Hedging Agreements;
(11) any encumbrance or restriction arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to the provisions of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' if the encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such agreement or instrument taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to the Holders than (i) the encumbrances and restrictions contained in the RCF Facility Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, together with the security documents associated therewith as in effect on the Completion Date or (ii) in comparable financings (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) and where the Issuer determines when such Indebtedness is Incurred that such encumbrances or restrictions will not adversely affect, in any material respect, the Issuer's ability to make principal or interest payments on the Senior Secured Notes;
(12) any encumbrance or restriction existing by reason of any lien permitted under ``--Limitation on Liens''; or
(13) restrictions effected in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing that, in the good faith determination of an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer, are necessary or advisable to effect such Qualified Receivables Financing.
Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any Asset Disposition unless:
(1) the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise) at least equal to the fair market value (such fair market value to be determined on the date of contractually agreeing to such Asset Disposition), as determined in good faith by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer, of the shares and assets subject to such Asset Disposition (including, for the avoidance of doubt, if such Asset Disposition is a Permitted Asset Swap);
(2) in any such Asset Disposition, or series of related Asset Dispositions (except to the extent the Asset Disposition is a Permitted Asset Swap), at least 75% of the consideration from such Asset
221

Disposition (excluding any consideration by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than Indebtedness) received by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash, Cash Equivalents or Temporary Cash Investments; and
(3) an amount equal to 100% of the Net Available Cash from such Asset Disposition is applied by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be:
(a) to the extent the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, elects (or is required by the terms of any Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary), within 365 days from the later of (A) the date of such Asset Disposition and (B) the receipt of such Net Available Cash, (i) to prepay, repay or purchase any Indebtedness of a non-Guarantor Restricted Subsidiary (in each case, other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) or Indebtedness under the RCF Facility Agreement or any other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to clause (1) of the second paragraph of the ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant; provided, however, that, in connection with any prepayment, repayment or purchase of Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (a), the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary will retire such Indebtedness and will cause the related commitment (if any) to be permanently reduced in an amount equal to the principal amount so prepaid, repaid or purchased; (ii) to prepay, repay or purchase Pari Passu Indebtedness at a price of no more than 100% of the principal amount of such Pari Passu Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of such prepayment, repayment or purchase; provided that the Issuer shall redeem, repay or repurchase Pari Passu Indebtedness that is Public Debt pursuant to this clause (ii) only if the Issuer makes (at such time or subsequently in compliance with this covenant) an offer to all Holders of the Senior Secured Notes to purchase their Senior Secured Notes at a purchase price equal to or greater than 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not including) the date of purchase and/or pursuant to the redemption provisions set forth above under the caption ``--Optional Redemption'' on a pro rata basis with any such other Pari Passu Indebtedness that is purchased; or (iii) to prepay, repay or purchase any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien (other than a Permitted Collateral Lien) on the assets or property which were the subject of the Asset Disposition (other than Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor or Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary);
(b) redeem Senior Secured Notes or purchase Senior Secured Notes pursuant to an offer to all Holders at a purchase price equal to at least 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (at the option of the Issuer or Restricted Subsidiary) and/or pursuant to the redemption provisions set forth above under the caption ``--Optional Redemption'';
(c) to the extent the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary elects, to invest in or commit to invest in Additional Assets (including by means of an investment in Additional Assets by a Restricted Subsidiary with Net Available Cash received by the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary) within 365 days from the later of (i) the date of such Asset Disposition and (ii) the receipt of such Net Available Cash; provided, however, that any such reinvestment in Additional Assets made pursuant to a definitive binding agreement or a commitment approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer that is executed or approved within such time will satisfy this requirement, so long as such investment is consummated within 180 days of such 365th day; or
(d) any combination of the foregoing,
provided that, pending the final application of any such Net Available Cash in accordance with clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above, the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries may temporarily reduce Indebtedness or otherwise invest such Net Available Cash in any manner not prohibited by the Indenture; provided further that, if the assets disposed of constitute Collateral or constitute all or substantially all of the assets of a Restricted Subsidiary whose Capital Stock has been pledged as Collateral, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, the Company shall pledge or shall cause the applicable Restricted Subsidiary to pledge any acquired Capital Stock or assets (to the extent such assets were of a category of assets included in the Collateral) referred to in this covenant in favor of the Senior Secured Notes on a first-ranking basis.
222

For purposes of determining compliance with the provisions of this covenant, the euro equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of NOK Floating Rate Notes or any other Indebtedness denominated in another currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the Issue Date, with respect to the NOK Floating Rate Notes or, with respect to any such other Indebtedness, the date such Indebtedness was Incurred.
Any Net Available Cash from Asset Dispositions that is not applied or invested or committed to be applied or invested as provided in the preceding paragraph will be deemed to constitute ``Excess Proceeds'' under the Indenture. On the 366th day after the later of (A) the date of such Asset Disposition and (B) the receipt of such Net Available Cash, or at such earlier date that the Issuer elects, if the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds under the Indenture exceeds e20 million, the Issuer will be required to make an offer (``Asset Disposition Offer'') to all Holders of Senior Secured Notes issued under the Indenture and, to the extent the Issuer elects, to all holders of other outstanding Pari Passu Indebtedness, to purchase the maximum aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes and any such Pari Passu Indebtedness to which the Asset Disposition Offer applies that may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds, at an offer price in respect of the Senior Secured Notes in an amount equal to (and, in the case of any Pari Passu Indebtedness, an offer price of no more than) 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes and 100% of the principal amount of such Pari Passu Indebtedness, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase, in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture or the agreements governing such Pari Passu Indebtedness, as applicable, and in minimum denominations of e100,000 and in integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof (or NOK 1,000,000 aggregate principal amount and integral multiples of NOK 10,000 in excess thereof (in the case of NOK Floating Rate Notes)). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary may make an Asset Disposition Offer prior to the expiration of the 366-day period referred to above.
To the extent that the aggregate amount of Senior Secured Notes and Pari Passu Indebtedness so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to an Asset Disposition Offer is less than the Excess Proceeds, the Issuer may use any remaining Excess Proceeds for general corporate purposes, subject to other covenants contained in the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes surrendered in any Asset Disposition Offer by Holders and other Pari Passu Indebtedness surrendered by holders or lenders, collectively, exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, the Excess Proceeds shall be allocated among the Senior Secured Notes and Pari Passu Indebtedness to be purchased on a pro rata basis on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of tendered Senior Secured Notes and Pari Passu Indebtedness. For the purposes of calculating the aggregate principal amount of any such Indebtedness not denominated in euro, such Indebtedness shall be calculated by converting any such aggregate principal amounts into their euro equivalent determined as of a date selected by the Issuer that is within the Asset Disposition Offer Period (as defined below). Upon completion of any Asset Disposition Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero.
Any Net Available Cash payable in respect of the Senior Secured Notes pursuant to this covenant will be allocated between the Euro Floating Rate Notes, the NOK Floating Rate Notes and the Fixed Rate Notes in proportion to the respective aggregate principal amounts of Euro Floating Rate Notes, NOK Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn.
To the extent that any portion of Net Available Cash payable in respect of the Senior Secured Notes is denominated in a currency other than the currency in which the relevant Senior Secured Notes are denominated, the amount thereof payable in respect of such Senior Secured Notes shall not exceed the net amount of funds in the currency in which such Senior Secured Notes are denominated that is actually received by the Issuer upon converting such portion into such currency.
The Asset Disposition Offer, in so far as it relates to the Senior Secured Notes, will remain open for a period of not less than 20 Business Days following its commencement (the ``Asset Disposition Offer Period''). No later than five Business Days after the termination of the Asset Disposition Offer Period (the ``Asset Disposition Purchase Date''), the Issuer will purchase the aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes and, to the extent it elects, Pari Passu Indebtedness required to be purchased pursuant to this covenant (the ``Asset Disposition Offer Amount'') or, if less than the Asset Disposition Offer Amount has been so validly tendered, all Senior Secured Notes and Pari Passu Indebtedness validly tendered in response to the Asset Disposition Offer.
On or before the Asset Disposition Purchase Date, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful, accept for payment, on a pro rata basis to the extent necessary, the Asset Disposition Offer Amount of Senior
223

Secured Notes and Pari Passu Indebtedness or portions of Senior Secured Notes and such Pari Passu Indebtedness so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Asset Disposition Offer, or if less than the Asset Disposition Offer Amount has been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn, all Senior Secured Notes and Pari Passu Indebtedness so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn and in minimum denominations of e100,000 and in integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof. The Issuer will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that such Senior Secured Notes or portions thereof were accepted for payment by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of this covenant. The Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, will promptly (but in any case not later than five Business Days after termination of the Asset Disposition Offer Period) mail or deliver to each tendering Holder of Senior Secured Notes an amount equal to the purchase price of the Senior Secured Notes so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn by such Holder, and accepted by the Issuer for purchase, and the Issuer will promptly issue a new Senior Secured Note (or amend the Global Note), and the Trustee, upon delivery of an Officer's Certificate from the Issuer, will authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) such new Senior Secured Note to such Holder, in an aggregate principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Senior Secured Note surrendered; provided that each such new Senior Secured Note will be in an aggregate principal amount with a minimum denomination of e100,000 (or NOK 1,000,000 aggregate principal amount and integral multiples of NOK 10,000 in excess thereof (in the case of NOK Floating Rate Notes)). In the case of the NOK Floating Rate Notes, the NOK Paying Agent shall deliver to the holders of the NOK Floating Rate Notices so validly tendered and not withdrawn and arrange for the deduction of the appropriate amounts of NOK Floating Rate Notes from such Holders's account with VPS. Any Senior Secured Note not so accepted will be promptly mailed or delivered (or transferred by book entry) by the Issuer to the Holder thereof.
For the purposes of clause (2) of the first paragraph of this covenant, the following will be deemed to be cash:
(1) the assumption by the transferee of Indebtedness of the Issuer or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary (other than Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor) and the release of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from all liability on such Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Disposition;
(2) securities, notes or other obligations received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer from the transferee that are converted by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents within 180 days following the closing of such Asset Disposition;
(3) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Asset Disposition, to the extent that the Issuer and each other Restricted Subsidiary are released from any Guarantee of payment of such Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Disposition; provided that such Indebtedness is not, directly or indirectly, secured by any Lien on any of the assets or property of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer);
(4) consideration consisting of Indebtedness of the Issuer (other than Subordinated Indebtedness) received after the Issue Date from Persons who are not the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(5) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Dispositions having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this covenant that is at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of e25 million and 1.4% of Total Assets (with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value); and
(6) any Capital Stock or assets of a kind referred to in clause (3)(c) of the first paragraph of this covenant.
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations (or rules of any exchange on which the Senior Secured Notes are then listed) in connection with the repurchase of Senior Secured Notes pursuant to the Indenture. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations (or exchange rules) conflict with provisions of this covenant, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations (or exchange rules) and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Indenture by virtue of any conflict.
224

Limitation on Affiliate Transactions
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into or conduct any transaction or series of related transactions (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the Issuer (any such transaction or series of related transactions, ``Affiliate Transaction'') involving aggregate value in excess of e5 million unless:
(1) the terms of such Affiliate Transaction taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that could be obtained in a comparable transaction at the time of such transaction or the execution of the agreement providing for such transaction in arm's length dealings with a Person who is not such an Affiliate; and
(2) in the event such Affiliate Transaction involves an aggregate value in excess of e15 million, the terms of such transaction have been approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
Any Affiliate Transaction shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements set forth in clause (2) of this paragraph if such Affiliate Transaction is approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors. If there are no Disinterested Directors, any Affiliate Transaction shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements set forth in this covenant if the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that the terms are not materially less favorable to the Issuer or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm's length basis.
The provisions of the preceding paragraph will not apply to:
(1) any Restricted Payment permitted to be made pursuant to the covenant described under ``-- Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' any Permitted Payments (other than pursuant to clause (9)(b)(ii) of the third paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'') or any Permitted Investment (other than Permitted Investments as defined in paragraphs (1)(b), (2), (11), (14) and (19) of the definition thereof);
(2) any issuance or sale of Capital Stock, options, other equity-related interests or other securities, or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, or entering into, or maintenance of, any employment, consulting, collective bargaining or benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement, related trust or other similar agreement and other compensation arrangements, options, warrants or other rights to purchase Capital Stock of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent, restricted stock plans, long-term incentive plans, stock appreciation rights plans, participation plans or similar employee benefits or consultants' plans (including valuation, health, insurance, deferred compensation, severance, retirement, savings or similar plans, programs or arrangements) or indemnities provided on behalf of officers, employees, directors or consultants approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, in each case in the ordinary course of business;
(3) any Management Advances and any waiver or transaction with respect thereto;
(4) any transaction between or among the Issuer and any Restricted Subsidiary (or entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction), or between or among Restricted Subsidiaries;
(5) the payment of reasonable fees and reimbursement of expenses to, and customary indemnities (including under customary insurance policies) and employee benefit and pension expenses provided on behalf of, directors, officers, consultants or employees of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or any Parent (whether directly or indirectly and including through any Person owned or controlled by any of such directors, officers or employees);
(6) the Transactions and the entry into and performance of obligations of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under the terms of any transaction arising out of, and any payments pursuant to or for purposes of funding, any agreement or instrument in effect as of or on the Issue Date (including, without limitation, the Proceeds Loan), as these agreements and instruments may be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed or refinanced from time to time in
225

accordance with the other terms of this covenant or to the extent not more disadvantageous to the Holders in any material respect and the entry into and performance of any registration rights or other listing agreement in connection with any Public Offering;
(7) execution, delivery and performance of any Tax Sharing Agreement or the formation and maintenance of any consolidated group for tax, accounting or cash pooling or management purposes in the ordinary course of business;
(8) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, which are fair to the Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary in the reasonable determination of the Board of Directors or the Senior Management of the Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary, or are on terms no less favorable than those that could reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party;
(9) any transaction in the ordinary course of business between or among the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Affiliate of the Issuer or an Associate or similar entity that would constitute an Affiliate Transaction solely because the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary owns an equity interest in or otherwise controls such Affiliate, Associate or similar entity;
(10) (a) issuances or sales of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer or options, warrants or other rights to acquire such Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding; provided that the interest rate and other financial terms of such Subordinated Shareholder Funding are approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer in their reasonable determination and (b) any amendment, waiver or other transaction with respect to any Subordinated Shareholder Funding in compliance with the other provisions of the Indenture;
(11) without duplication in respect of payments made pursuant to clause (12) hereof, (a) payments by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Permitted Holder (whether directly or indirectly, including through any Parent) of annual customary management, consulting, monitoring or advisory fees and related expenses in an aggregate amount not to exceed e2 million per year and (b) customary payments by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Permitted Holder (whether directly or indirectly, including through any Parent) for financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities, including in connection with acquisitions or divestitures, which payments in respect of this clause (b) are approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Issuer in good faith;
(12) payment to any Permitted Holder of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses Incurred by such Permitted Holder in connection with its direct or indirect investment in the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;
(13) any transaction effected as part of a Qualified Receivables Financing;
(14) the performance of any transactions or obligations of any Person or any of its Subsidiaries under the terms of any transaction arising out of, or payments made pursuant to or for the purposes of funding, any agreement or instrument in effect at the time such Person is acquired by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, including by way of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a transaction that is not prohibited by the Indenture; provided that such agreements or instruments were not made in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on, or made pursuant to binding commitments existing on, the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; and
(15) transactions in which the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter or opinion from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that (i) the terms are not materially less favorable to the Issuer or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm's length basis or (ii) that the transaction is fair to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view.
226

Reports
For so long as any Senior Secured Notes are outstanding, the Parent will provide to the Trustee the following reports:
(1) within 120 days after the end of the Parent's fiscal year beginning with the first fiscal year ending after the Issue Date, annual reports containing, to the extent applicable, the following information: (a) audited consolidated balance sheets of the Parent or its predecessor as of the end of the two most recent fiscal years and audited consolidated income statements and statements of cash flow of the Parent or its predecessor for the two most recent fiscal years, including complete footnotes to such financial statements and the report of the independent auditors on the financial statements; (b) unaudited pro forma income statement information and balance sheet information of the Parent (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include the provision of a full income statement or balance sheet to the extent not reasonably available), together with explanatory footnotes, for any material acquisitions, dispositions or recapitalizations that have occurred since the beginning of the most recently completed fiscal year; (c) an operating and financial review of the audited financial statements, including a discussion of the results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and capital resources of the Parent, and a discussion of material commitments and contingencies and critical accounting policies, with a similar scope to that included in this Offering Memorandum; (d) description of the business, management and shareholders of the Parent, all material affiliate transactions and a description of all material contractual arrangements, including material debt instruments; and (e) a description of material risk factors and material recent developments;
(2) within 60 days following the end of the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of the Parent beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2015 (and for the quarter ending September 30, 2014, within 90 days following the end of such quarter), all quarterly reports of the Parent containing the following information: (a) an unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of the end of such quarter and unaudited condensed statements of income and cash flow for the most recent quarter year-to-date period ending on the unaudited condensed balance sheet date, and the comparable prior year periods, together with condensed footnote disclosure; (b) unaudited pro forma income statement information and balance sheet information of the Parent (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include the provision of a full income statement or balance sheet to the extent not reasonably available), together with explanatory footnotes, for any material acquisitions, dispositions or recapitalizations that have occurred since the beginning of the relevant quarter; (c) an operating and financial review of the unaudited financial statements, including a discussion of the results of operations, financial condition, EBITDA and material changes in liquidity and capital resources of the Parent, and a discussion of material changes not in the ordinary course of business in commitments and contingencies since the most recent report; and (d) material recent developments; and
(3) promptly after the occurrence of any material acquisition, disposition or restructuring or any senior executive officer changes at the Parent or change in auditors of the Parent or the Issuer or any other material event that the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries announces publicly, a report containing a description of such event.
All financial statement and pro forma financial information shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS as in effect on the date of such report or financial statement (or otherwise on the basis of IFRS as then in effect) and on a consistent basis for the periods presented; provided, however, that the reports set forth in clauses (1), (2) and (3) above may, in the event of a change in applicable IFRS, present earlier periods on a basis that applied to such periods. Except as provided for below, no report need include separate financial statements for any Subsidiaries of the Issuer. The filing of an Annual Report on Form 20-F within the time period specified in (1) will satisfy such provision.
At any time that any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries are Unrestricted Subsidiaries and any such Unrestricted Subsidiary or group of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, if taken together as one Subsidiary, constitutes a Significant Subsidiary of the Issuer, then the annual and quarterly financial information required by clauses (1) and (2) of the first paragraph of this covenant shall include either (i) a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, of the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries of Issuer or (ii) stand-alone audited or unaudited financial statements, as the case may be, of such Unrestricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiaries (as a group or otherwise) together with an unaudited reconciliation to the
227

financial information of the Parent, the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, which reconciliation shall include the following items: revenues, EBITDA, ERC, net income, cash, total assets, total debt, shareholders equity, capital expenditures and interest expense. To the extent that material differences exist between the management, business, assets, shareholding or results of operations or financial condition of the Issuer and Parent, the annual and quarterly reports shall give a reasonably detailed description of such differences and include an unaudited reconciliation of the Issuer's financial statements to the Parent's financial statements.
Substantially concurrently with the issuance to the Trustee of the reports specified in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of the first paragraph of this covenant, the Issuer shall also (a) use its commercially reasonable efforts (i) to post copies of such reports on such website as may be then maintained by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or (ii) otherwise to provide substantially comparable availability of such reports (as determined by the Issuer in good faith) or (b) to the extent the Issuer determines in good faith that it cannot make such reports available in the manner described in the preceding clause (a) owing to applicable law or after the use of its commercially reasonable efforts, furnish such reports to the Holders and, upon request, prospective purchasers of the Senior Secured Notes. The Issuer will also make available copies of all reports required by clauses (1) through (3) of the first paragraph of this covenant, if and so long as the Euro Senior Secured Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require or, with respect to the NOK Floating Rate Notes, such NOK Floating Rate Notes are listed on the Oslo Børs and the rules of the Oslo Børs so require, at the offices of the Listing Agent.
In addition, so long as the Senior Secured Notes remain outstanding and during any period during which the Parent is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt therefrom pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b), the Parent shall furnish to the Holders and, upon their request, prospective purchasers of the Senior Secured Notes, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.
Lines of Business
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than a Similar Business, except to such extent as would not be material to the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Limitations on Holding Company Activities
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Indenture, the Issuer will not engage in any business activity or undertake any other activity, except:
(1) Investments in its direct Subsidiaries;
(2) the provision of administrative, management, legal and accounting services to its Subsidiaries of a type customarily provided by a holding company to its Subsidiaries and the ownership of assets necessary to provide such services;
(3) relating to the offering, sale, issuance, Incurrence, servicing, purchase, redemption, amendment, exchange, refinancing or retirement of Senior Secured Notes, the RCF Facility Agreement, any Additional Senior Secured Notes or other Indebtedness (including any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing) permitted to be Incurred by the terms of the Indenture (including the lending, directly or indirectly, of the proceeds of such sale of the Senior Secured Notes, any Additional Senior Secured Notes or other Indebtedness permitted by the terms of the Indenture pursuant to intercompany proceeds loans) or the performance of the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness, to the extent such activities are otherwise permissible under the Indenture;
(4) the granting of Liens permitted pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Liens'';
(5) undertaken with the purpose of, directly or indirectly, fulfilling its obligations or exercising its rights under the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Documents, the Escrow Agreement or documents related to any Indebtedness specified in clause (3) above;
(6) the ownership of cash and Cash Equivalents or any activities related to cash management activities on behalf of its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(7) making Investments in the Senior Secured Notes;
228

(8) making Restricted Payments (other than Restricted Investments) and Permitted Payments not prohibited under the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'';
(9) directly related or reasonably incidental to the establishment and/or maintenance of its or its Subsidiaries corporate existence;
(10) directly related or reasonably incidental to the Transactions; or
(11) other activities not specifically enumerated above that are de minimus in nature.
Completion of Transactions
The Issuer shall cause the Transactions to be consummated in a manner that in good faith determination of an Officer of the Issuer does not deviate from the description of the Transactions set out in ``The Transactions'' of this Offering Memorandum in a manner that is material and adverse to the interests of the Holders of the Senior Secured Notes.
Merger and Consolidation
The Issuer
The Issuer will not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all its assets, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to, any Person, unless:
(1) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the ``Successor Issuer'') will be a Person organized and existing under the laws of any member state of the European Union or the United States of America, any State of the United States or the District of Columbia, Canada or any province of Canada, Norway or Switzerland and the Successor Issuer (if not the Issuer) will expressly assume (a) by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, all the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Secured Notes and the Indenture and (b) all obligations of the Issuer under the Security Documents (and, to the extent required by the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement or such Additional Intercreditor Agreement);
(2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction (and treating any Indebtedness that becomes an obligation of the Successor Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Successor Issuer as a result of such transaction as having been Incurred by the Successor Issuer or such Subsidiary at the time of such transaction), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;
(3) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, either (a) the Successor Issuer would be able to Incur at least an additional e1.00 of Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or (b) the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Successor Issuer would not be less than the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio was immediately prior to giving effect to such transaction; and
(4) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each to the effect that such consolidation, merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture (if any) comply with the Indenture and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such supplemental indenture (if any) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered and is a legal, valid and binding agreement enforceable against the Successor Issuer (in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee), provided that in giving an Opinion of Counsel, counsel may rely on an Officer's Certificate as to any matters of fact, including as to satisfaction of clauses (2) and (3) above.
For purposes of this covenant, the sale, lease, conveyance, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Issuer, which properties and assets, if held by the Issuer instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer.
The Successor Issuer will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Indenture but in the case of a lease of all or substantially all its assets, the predecessor company will not be released from its obligations under such Indenture or the Senior Secured Notes.
229

Notwithstanding the preceding clauses (2) and (3) and the provisions described below under ``--Subsidiary Guarantors'' (which do not apply to transactions referred to in this sentence) and, other than with respect to the second preceding paragraph, clause (4) of the first paragraph of this covenant, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the preceding clauses (3) and (4) (which do not apply to the transactions referred to in this sentence), the Issuer may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or a portion of its assets to an Affiliate incorporated or organized for the purpose of changing the legal domicile of the Issuer, reincorporating the Issuer in another jurisdiction, or changing the legal form of the Issuer.
There is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve ``all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person.
The foregoing provisions (other than the requirements of clause (2) of the first paragraph of this covenant) will not apply to the creation of a new subsidiary of the Issuer that becomes a parent of one or more of the Issuer's Subsidiaries.

Subsidiary Guarantors

No Subsidiary Guarantor may:

(1) consolidate with or merge with or into any Person;

(2) sell, convey, transfer or dispose of, all or substantially all its assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to any Person; or

(3) permit any Person to merge with or into such Subsidiary Guarantor,

unless

(a) the other Person is the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary Guarantor or becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor concurrently with the transaction; or

(b) (i)

either (x) the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor is the continuing Person or (y) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantor under its Guarantee and the Security Documents (and, to the extent required by the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement or such Additional Intercreditor Agreement); and

(ii) immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; or

(c) the transaction constitutes a sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) of the Subsidiary Guarantor or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Subsidiary Guarantor (in each case other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) otherwise permitted by the Indenture.

Notwithstanding the preceding clause (b)(ii) and the provisions described above under ``--The Issuer'' (which do not apply to transactions referred to in this sentence), (a) any Restricted Subsidiary may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to a Guarantor or the Issuer and (b) any Subsidiary Guarantor may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to any other Subsidiary Guarantor or the Issuer. Notwithstanding the preceding clause (b)(ii) (which does not apply to the transactions referred to in this sentence), a Subsidiary Guarantor may consolidate or otherwise combine with or merge into an Affiliate incorporated or organized for the purpose of changing the legal domicile of the Subsidiary Guarantor, reincorporating the Subsidiary Guarantor in another jurisdiction, or changing the legal form of the Subsidiary Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, any Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor) may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to any other such Restricted Subsidiary.

There is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve ``all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person.

230

Suspension of Covenants on Achievement of Investment Grade Status
If on any date following the Issue Date, the Senior Secured Notes have achieved Investment Grade Status and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (a ``Suspension Event''), then, beginning on that day and continuing until the Reversion Date, the provisions of the Indenture summarized under the following captions will not apply to such Senior Secured Notes: ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' ``--Limitation on Indebtedness,'' ``--Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries,'' ``--Limitation on Affiliate Transactions,'' ``--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock,'' ``--Additional Guarantees'' and the provisions of clause (3) of the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer'', and, in each case, any related default provision of the Indenture will cease to be effective and will not be applicable to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Such covenants and any related default provisions will again apply according to their terms from the first day on which a Suspension Event ceases to be in effect. Such covenants will not, however, be of any effect with regard to actions of the Issuer properly taken during the continuance of the Suspension Event, and the ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' covenant will be interpreted as if it has been in effect since the date of such Indenture except that no Default will be deemed to have occurred solely by reason of a Restricted Payment made while that covenant was suspended. On the Reversion Date, all Indebtedness Incurred during the continuance of the Suspension Event will be classified, at the Issuer's option, as having been Incurred pursuant to the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or one of the clauses set forth in the second paragraph of such covenant (to the extent such Indebtedness would be permitted to be Incurred thereunder as of the Reversion Date and after giving effect to Indebtedness Incurred prior to the Suspension Event and outstanding on the Reversion Date). To the extent such Indebtedness would not be so permitted to be incurred under the first two paragraphs of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness,'' such Indebtedness will be deemed to have been outstanding on the Issue Date, so that it is classified as permitted under clause (4)(b) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness.''
The Issuer shall notify the Trustee and the Holders that the two conditions set forth in the first paragraph under this heading have been satisfied, provided that such notification shall not be a condition for the suspension of the covenants set forth above to be effective. The Trustee shall not be obliged to notify Holders of such event.
There can be no assurance that the Notes will ever achieve or maintain an investment grade rating.
Additional Guarantors
The Issuer shall ensure that within 90 days after the Completion Date and within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Issuer beginning with the first fiscal year ending after the Issue Date:
(1) the EBITDA (calculated on a basis consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA but determined on an unconsolidated basis and excluding all intra-Group items) of the Issuer and the Guarantors for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters shall equal or exceed 80.0% of the Combined EBITDA for such four fiscal quarters (for this purpose disregarding from Consolidated EBITDA (i) the EBITDA of any member of the Group that is not required to become a Guarantor in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles and (ii) the EBITDA of any member of the Group that generates negative EBITDA); and
(2) the combined gross assets (calculated on an unconsolidated basis and excluding all intra-Group items, investments in any Subsidiaries and goodwill) of the Issuer and the Guarantors, as of the last day of the most recently ended four fiscal quarters of the the Issuer shall equal or exceed 80.0% of the Pro forma Consolidated Gross Assets of the the Issuer as of such date (for this purpose disregarding the assets of any Subsidiary that is not required to become a Subsidiary in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles),
by (if required) causing one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors to become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form attached to the Indenture pursuant to which such Restricted Subsidiary will provide a Subsidiary Guarantee on a senior basis to the extent necessary to ensure the foregoing thresholds are met. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee promptly of each new Guarantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of compliance with the first paragraph of this covenant within 90 days after the Completion Date, EBITDA
231

and Pro Forma Consolidated Gross Assets will be calculated assuming Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL are Guarantors on such date of determination.
The Issuer will not cause or permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, directly or indirectly, to Guarantee or Incur any Indebtedness under the RCF Facility Agreement (or other Indebtedness that is Incurred under clause (1) or 5(b) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'') or Guarantee any Public Debt and, in each case, any refinancing thereof in whole or in part unless such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Guarantor on the date on which such other Guarantee or other Indebtedness, as applicable, is Incurred and, if applicable, executes and delivers to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form attached to the Indenture pursuant to which such Restricted Subsidiary will provide a Guarantee of the Senior Secured Notes, which Guarantee will be senior to or pari passu with such Restricted Subsidiary's Guarantee of such other Indebtedness.
A Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor may become a Guarantor if it executes and delivers to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form attached to the Indenture pursuant to which such Restricted Subsidiary will provide a Guarantee of the Senior Secured Notes.
Each additional Guarantee will be limited as necessary to recognize certain defenses generally available to guarantors (including those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate purpose, thin capitalization, distributable reserves, capital maintenance or similar laws, regulations or defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally) or other considerations under applicable law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not be obligated to cause such Restricted Subsidiary to Guarantee the Senior Secured Notes to the extent and for so long as the Incurrence of such Guarantee could reasonably be expected to give rise to or result in: (1) any violation of applicable law or regulation; (2) any liability for the officers, directors or (except in the case of a Restricted Subsidiary that is a partnership) shareholders of such Restricted Subsidiary (or, in the case of a Restricted Subsidiary that is a partnership, directors or shareholders of the partners of such partnership); (3) any cost, expense, liability or obligation (including with respect to any Taxes) other than reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and other than reasonable expenses incurred in connection with any governmental or regulatory filings required as a result of, or any measures pursuant to clause (1) of this paragraph undertaken in connection with, such Guarantee, which in any case under any of clauses (1), (2) and (3) of this paragraph cannot be avoided through measures reasonably available to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary; or (4) an inconsistency with the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
No Impairment of Security Interest
The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, take or omit to take any action that would have the result of materially impairing the security interest with respect to the Collateral (it being understood that, subject to the next succeeding paragraph, the Incurrence of Permitted Collateral Liens shall under no circumstances be deemed to materially impair the security interest with respect to the Collateral) for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders, and the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, grant to any Person other than the Security Agent, for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders and the other beneficiaries described in the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement any Lien over any of the Collateral that is prohibited by the covenant entitled ``Limitation on Liens;'' provided that the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries may Incur Permitted Collateral Liens and the Collateral may be discharged, transferred or released in accordance with the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents.
Notwithstanding the above, nothing in this covenant shall restrict the discharge and release of any security interest in accordance with the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents. Subject to the foregoing, the Security Documents may be amended, extended, renewed, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or released (followed by an immediate retaking of a Lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets) to (i) cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency therein; (ii) provide for Permitted Collateral Liens; (iii) add to the Collateral; or (iv) make any other change thereto that does not adversely affect the Holders in any material respect; provided, however, that, except where permitted by the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, no Security Document may be
232

amended, extended, renewed, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or released (followed by an immediate retaking of a Lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets), unless contemporaneously with such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement or modification or release (followed by an immediate retaking of a Lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets), the Issuer delivers to the Security Agent and the Trustee, either (1) a solvency opinion, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Security Agent and the Trustee, from an Independent Financial Advisor or appraiser or investment bank of international standing which confirms the solvency of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to any transactions related to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or release (followed by an immediate retaking of a lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets), (2) a certificate from the chief financial officer or the Board of Directors of the relevant Person which confirms the solvency of the person granting security interest after giving effect to any transactions related to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or release, or (3) an opinion of counsel (subject to any qualifications customary for this type of opinion of counsel), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, confirming that, after giving effect to any transactions related to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or release (followed by an immediate retaking of a lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets), the Lien or Liens created under the Security Document, so amended, extended, renewed, restated, supplemented, modified or released and replaced are valid and perfected Liens not otherwise subject to any limitation, imperfection or new hardening period, in equity or at law, that such Lien or Liens were not otherwise subject to immediately prior to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or release and to which the new Indebtedness secured by the Permitted Collateral Lien is not subject.
In the event that the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries comply with the requirements of this covenant, the Trustee and the Security Agent shall (subject to customary protections and indemnifications) consent to such amendments without the need for instructions from the Holders.
Maintenance of Listing
The Issuer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain the listing of the Euro Senior Secured Notes on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange for so long as such Euro Senior Secured Notes are outstanding; provided that if the Issuer is unable to obtain admission to such listing or if at any time the Issuer determines that it will not maintain such listing, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to (where the Euro Senior Secured Notes are initially so listed, prior to the delisting of the Euro Senior Secured Notes from Global Exchange Market), and thereafter use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, a listing of such Senior Secured Notes on another ``recognized stock exchange'' as defined in Section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 of the United Kingdom.
Application has been made to list the NOK Floating Rate Notes on the Oslo Børs. There can be no assurance that the application to list the NOK Floating Rate Notes on the Oslo Børs will be approved and settlement of the NOK Floating Rate Notes is not conditional on obtaining such listing.
Additional Spanish Guarantors and Additional Spanish Collateral
The Issuer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event no later than six months from the Completion Date, the Additional Spanish Guarantors to convert their corporate form to sociedad ano´nima to allow them to guarantee the Senior Secured Notes and, within such six month period, to execute and deliver to the Trustee, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, (1) a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Additional Spanish Guarantors will guarantee payment of the Senior Secured Notes on the same terms and subject to the same conditions and limitations as the guarantees provided by the Initial Guarantors incorporated in Spain and (2) such Security Documents and other documents to cause first-ranking liens and security interests over all of the Additional Spanish Collateral to be provided and perfected. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has used its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to convert their corporate form to sociedad ano´nima, there shall be no Default in the event such conversion is not implemented by a certain date, if at all.
233

Payments for Consent
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any holder of Senior Secured Notes for or as an inducement to any consent, waiver or amendment of any of the terms of the provisions of the Indenture or the Senior Secured Notes unless such consideration is offered to be paid and is paid to all holders of the Senior Secured Notes that consent, waive or agree to amend in the time frame set forth in the solicitation documents relating to such consent, waiver or agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be permitted, in any offer or payment of consideration for, or as an inducement to, any consent, waiver or amendment of any of the terms or provisions of the Indenture, to exclude holders of Senior Secured Notes in any jurisdiction or any category of holders of Senior Secured Notes where (1) the solicitation of such consent, waiver or amendment, including in connection with any tender or exchange offer, or (2) the payment of the consideration therefor could reasonably be interpreted as requiring the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to file a registration statement, prospectus or similar document under any applicable securities laws or listing requirements (including, but not limited to, the United States federal securities laws and the laws of the European Union or any of its member states), which the Issuer in its sole discretion determines (acting in good faith) (a) would be materially burdensome (it being understood that it would not be materially burdensome to file the consent document(s) used in other jurisdictions, any substantially similar documents or any summary thereof with the securities or financial services authorities in such jurisdiction); or (b) such solicitation would otherwise not be permitted under applicable law in such jurisdiction or with respect to such category of holders of Senior Secured Notes.
Events of Default
Each of the following is an ``Event of Default'' under the Indenture:
(1) default in any payment of interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on any Senior Secured Note when due and payable, continued for 30 days;
(2) default in the payment of the principal amount of or premium, if any, on any Senior Secured Note issued under the Indenture when due at its Stated Maturity, upon optional redemption, upon required repurchase, upon declaration or otherwise;
(3) failure to comply with the provisions of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants-- Merger and Consolidation'';
(4) failure to comply for 30 days after written notice by the Trustee on behalf of the Holders or by the Holders of 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes with any of the Issuer's obligations under the covenants described under ``--Change of Control'' above or with any of the Issuer's or Restricted Subsidiary's obligations or obligations of any other grantor of a Lien over the Collateral under the covenants described under ``--Certain Covenants'' above (in each case, other than as specifically addressed in clause (3) above and a failure to purchase Senior Secured Notes which will constitute an Event of Default under clause (2) above);
(5) failure by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any grantor of a Lien over the Collateral to comply for 60 days after written notice by the Trustee on behalf of the Holders or by the Holders of 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes with its other agreements contained in the Indenture;
(6) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or the payment of which is Guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary whether such Indebtedness or Guarantee now exists, or is created after the date hereof, which default:
(a) is caused by a failure to pay principal at stated maturity on such Indebtedness, immediately upon the expiration of any grace period provided in such Indebtedness (``payment default''); or
(b) results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its maturity (the ``cross acceleration provision'');
234

and, in each case, the aggregate principal amount of any such Indebtedness, together with the aggregate principal amount of any other such Indebtedness under which there has been a payment default or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates e20 million or more;
(7) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or court protection of the Issuer or a Significant Subsidiary or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together (as of the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries), would constitute a Significant Subsidiary (the ``bankruptcy provisions'');
(8) failure by the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together (as of the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries), would constitute a Significant Subsidiary to pay final judgments aggregating in excess of e20 million (exclusive of any amounts that a solvent insurance company has acknowledged liability for), which judgments are not paid, discharged or stayed for a period of 60 days after the judgment becomes final (the ``judgment default provision'');
(9) any security interest under the Security Documents on any material Collateral shall, at any time, cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of the relevant Security Document, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and the Indenture) with respect to Collateral having a fair market value in excess of e10 million for any reason other than the satisfaction in full of all obligations under the Indenture or the release or amendment of any such security interest in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or such Security Document or any such security interest created thereunder shall be declared invalid or unenforceable or the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary shall assert in writing that any such security interest is invalid or unenforceable and any such Default continues for 10 days (the ``security default provisions'');
(10) any Guarantee of a Significant Subsidiary or a group of Subsidiary Guarantors that when taken together (as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year), would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee or the Indenture) or is declared invalid or unenforceable in a judicial proceeding or any Guarantor denies or disaffirms in writing its obligations under its Guarantee and any such Default continues for 10 days (the ``guarantee provisions'');
(11) failure by the Issuer to comply for 30 days with any of the provisions of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Additional Guarantors'' or the provisions described in the third and fourth paragraph under ``Security--The Collateral''; and
(12) failure by the Issuer to consummate a Special Mandatory Redemption as described under the caption ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption''.
However, a default under clauses (4), (5), (6), (8) or (11) of this paragraph will not constitute an Event of Default until the Trustee or the Holders of 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes notify the Issuer of the default and, with respect to clauses (4), (5), (6), (8) or (11), the Issuer does not cure such default within the time specified in clauses (4), (5), (6), (8) or (11), as applicable, of this paragraph after receipt of such notice.
If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in clause (7) above) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Issuer or the Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes by written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such Holders shall, declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, on all the Senior Secured Notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration, such principal, premium and accrued and unpaid interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, will be due and payable immediately. In the event of a declaration of acceleration of the Senior Secured Notes because an Event of Default described in clause (6) under ``Events of Default'' has occurred and is continuing, the declaration of acceleration of the Senior Secured Notes shall be automatically annulled if the event of default or payment default triggering such Event of Default pursuant to clause (6) shall have been remedied or cured, or waived by the holders of the Indebtedness, or the Indebtedness that gave rise to such Event of Default shall have been discharged in full, within 30 days after the declaration of acceleration with respect thereto and if (1) the annulment of the acceleration of the Senior Secured Notes would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) all existing Events of Default, except nonpayment of principal, premium or
235

interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, on the Senior Secured Notes that became due solely because of the acceleration of the Senior Secured Notes, have been cured or waived.
If an Event of Default described in clause (7) above occurs and is continuing, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, on all the Senior Secured Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holders.
The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes under the Indenture may waive all past or existing Defaults or Events of Default (except with respect to nonpayment of principal, premium or interest, or Additional Amounts, if any) and rescind any such acceleration with respect to such Senior Secured Notes and its consequences if rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction.
Subject to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the duties of the Trustee, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity and/or security satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal or interest when due, no Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to the Indenture or the Senior Secured Notes unless:
(1) such Holder has previously given the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing;
(2) Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes have requested in writing the Trustee to pursue the remedy;
(3) such Holders have offered in writing the Trustee indemnity and/or security against any loss, liability or expense;
(4) the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt of the written request and the offer of security and/or indemnity; and
(5) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes have not given the Trustee a written direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period.
Subject to certain restrictions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes are given the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. The Indenture will provide that, in the event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing of which a responsible officer of the Trustee has received written notice, the Trustee will be required in the exercise of its powers to use the degree of care that a prudent person would use in the conduct of its own affairs. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or the Indenture or that the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. Prior to taking any action under the Indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to indemnification and/or security satisfactory to it against all losses and expenses caused by taking or not taking such action.
The Indenture will provide that if a Default occurs and is continuing and a responsible officer of the Trustee is informed of such occurrence by the Issuer, the Trustee must give notice of the Default to the Holders within 60 days after being notified by the Issuer. Except in the case of a Default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on any Senior Secured Note, the Trustee may withhold notice if and so long as a committee of trust officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding notice is in the interests of the Holders. The Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, an Officer's Certificate indicating whether the signers thereof know of any Default that occurred during the previous year. The Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the occurrence thereof, written notice of any events of which it is aware which would constitute a Default, their status and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof.
The Senior Secured Notes provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Holders in certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. It may not be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions in relation to the Senior Secured Notes and, accordingly,
236

in such circumstances the Trustee will be unable to take action, notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity to it, and it will be for Holders to take action directly.
Holders of the Senior Secured Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Senior Secured Notes except as provided in the Indenture and may not enforce the Security Documents except as provided in such Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
Amendments and Waivers
Subject to certain exceptions, the Senior Secured Note Documents may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes then outstanding (including consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, such Senior Secured Notes) and, subject to certain exceptions, any default or compliance with any provisions thereof may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes then outstanding (including consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, such Senior Secured Notes). However, without the consent of Holders holding not less than 90% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes affected, an amendment or waiver may not, with respect to any such series of the Senior Secured Notes held by a non-consenting Holder:
(1) reduce the principal amount of such Senior Secured Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment;
(2) reduce the stated rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any such Senior Secured Note;
(3) reduce the principal of, or extend the Stated Maturity of, any such Senior Secured Note;
(4) reduce the premium payable upon the redemption of any such Senior Secured Note or change the time at which any such Senior Secured Note may be redeemed, in each case as described above under ``--Optional Redemption'';
(5) make any such Senior Secured Note payable in money other than that stated in such Senior Secured Note;
(6) impair the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of, and interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on, such Holder's Senior Secured Notes on or after the due dates therefor or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or with respect to such Holder's Senior Secured Notes;
(7) make any change in the provision of the Indenture described under ``--Withholding Taxes'' that adversely affects the right of any Holder of such Senior Secured Notes in any material respect or amends the terms of such Senior Secured Notes in a way that would result in a loss of an exemption from any of the Taxes described thereunder or an exemption from any obligation to withhold or deduct Taxes so described thereunder unless the Payor agrees to pay Additional Amounts, if any, in respect thereof;
(8) release (i) all or substantially all of the Collateral granted for the benefit of the Holders or (ii) any Guarantee (other than an Immaterial Guarantee), in each case, other than pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents and the Indenture or except as permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement;
(9) waive a Default or Event of Default with respect to the nonpayment of principal, premium or interest or Additional Amounts, if any (except pursuant to a rescission of acceleration of the Senior Secured Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of such Senior Secured Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); or
(10) make any change in the amendment or waiver provisions which require the Holders' consent described in this sentence.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, without the consent of any Holder, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Agent and the other parties thereto, as applicable, may amend or supplement any Senior Secured Note Document to:
(1) cure any ambiguity, omission, defect, error or inconsistency, conform any provision to this ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes,'' or reduce the minimum denomination of the Senior Secured Notes;
237

(2) provide for the assumption by a successor Person of the obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor under any Senior Secured Note Document;
(3) provide for uncertificated Senior Secured Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Senior Secured Notes (provided that the uncertificated Senior Secured Notes are issued in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the Code);
(4) add to the covenants or provide for a Guarantee for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(5) make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;
(6) make such provisions as necessary (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) for the issuance of Additional Senior Secured Notes in accordance with the Indenture;
(7) provide for any Restricted Subsidiary to provide a Guarantee in accordance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' and ``--Certain Covenants-- Additional Guarantors,'' to add Guarantees with respect to the Senior Secured Notes, to add Collateral for the benefit of the Senior Secured Notes, or to confirm and evidence the release, termination, discharge or retaking of any Guarantee or Lien (including the Collateral and the Security Documents) with respect to or securing the Senior Secured Notes when such release, termination, discharge or retaking is provided for under the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or the Security Documents;
(8) to evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under the Senior Secured Note Documents of a successor Trustee and/or Security Agent pursuant to the requirements thereof or to provide for the accession by the Trustee and/or Security Agent to any Senior Secured Note Document; or
(9) in the case of the Security Documents, to mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in favor of the Security Agent for the benefit of parties to the RCF Facility Agreement, in any property which is required by the RCF Facility Agreement (as in effect on the Issue Date) to be mortgaged, pledged or hypothecated, or in which a security interest is required to be granted to the Security Agent, or to the extent necessary to grant a security interest for the benefit of any Person; provided that the granting of such security interest is not prohibited by the Indenture and the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--No Impairment of Security Interest'' is complied with.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such evidence as it deems appropriate including Officer's Certificates and Opinions of Counsel.
The consent of the Holders is not necessary under the Indenture to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment of any Senior Secured Note Document. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment. A consent to any amendment or waiver under the Indenture by any Holder of Senior Secured Notes given in connection with a tender of such Holder's Senior Secured Notes will not be rendered invalid by such tender.
Acts by Holders
In determining whether the Holders of the required aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, any Senior Secured Notes owned by the Issuer or by any Person directly or indirectly controlled, or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, the Issuer will be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding.
Defeasance
The Issuer at any time may terminate all its and each Guarantor's obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and the Indenture (``legal defeasance'') and cure all then existing Defaults and Events of Default, except for certain obligations, including those respecting the defeasance trust, the rights, powers, trusts, duties, immunities and indemnities of the Trustee and the obligations of the Issuer in connection therewith and obligations concerning issuing temporary Senior Secured Notes, registrations of Senior Secured Notes, mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Senior Secured Notes and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and money for security payments held in trust. Subject to the foregoing, if the Issuer exercises its legal defeasance option, the Security Documents in effect at such time will terminate (other than with respect to the defeasance trust).
238

The Issuer at any time may terminate its and the Guarantor's obligations under the covenants described under ``--Certain Covenants'' (other than with respect to clauses (1) and (2) of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer'') and ``--Change of Control'' and the default provisions relating to such covenants described under ``--Events of Default'' above, the operation of the cross-default upon a payment default, the cross acceleration provisions, the bankruptcy provisions with respect to the Issuer and its Significant Subsidiaries, the judgment default provision, the guarantee provisions and the security default provisions described under ``--Events of Default'' above (``covenant defeasance'').
The Issuer at its option at any time may exercise its legal defeasance option notwithstanding its prior exercise of its covenant defeasance option. If the Issuer exercises its legal defeasance option, payment of the Senior Secured Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Secured Notes. If the Issuer exercises its covenant defeasance option with respect to the Senior Secured Notes, payment of the Senior Secured Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in clause (3) (other than with respect to clauses (1) and (2) of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer''), (4), (5), (6), (7) (other than with respect to the Issuer), (8), (9) or (10) under ``--Events of Default'' above.
In order to exercise either defeasance option, the Issuer must irrevocably deposit in trust (the ``defeasance trust'') with the Trustee (or such entity designated or appointed (as agent) by the Trustee for this purpose) cash in euros or euro-denominated European Government Obligations or a combination thereof for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Secured Notes to redemption or maturity, as the case may be, and must comply with certain other conditions, including delivery to the Trustee of:
(1) an Opinion of Counsel in the United States to the effect that Holders of the Senior Secured Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred (and in the case of legal defeasance only, such Opinion of Counsel in the United States must be based on a ruling of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other change in applicable U.S. federal income tax law since the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes);
(2) an Officer's Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuer with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying, defrauding or preferring any creditors of the Issuer;
(3) an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which opinion of counsel may be subject to customary assumptions and exclusions), each stating that that all conditions precedent provided for or relating to legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be, have been complied with;
(4) an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the trust resulting from the deposit does not constitute, or is qualified as, a regulated investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940; and
(5) the Issuer delivers to the Trustee all other documents or other information that the Trustee may reasonably require in connection with either defeasance option.
Satisfaction and Discharge
The Indenture, and the rights of the Trustee and the Holders under the Security Documents will be discharged and cease to be of further effect (except as to surviving rights of conversion or transfer or exchange of the Senior Secured Notes, as expressly provided for in the Indenture) as to all outstanding Senior Secured Notes when (1) either (a) all the Senior Secured Notes previously authenticated and delivered (other than certain lost, stolen or destroyed Senior Secured Notes and certain Senior Secured Notes for which provision for payment was previously made and thereafter the funds have been released to the Issuer) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (b) all Senior Secured Notes not previously delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (i) have become due and payable, (ii) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year or (iii) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuer; (2) the Issuer has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or such entity designated or appointed (as agent) by the Trustee for this purpose), euros or euro-denominated European Government Obligations or a combination thereof in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the Senior Secured Notes not previously
239

delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal, premium, if any, and interest to the date of deposit (in the case of Senior Secured Notes that have become due and payable), or to the Stated Maturity or redemption date, as the case may be; (3) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable under the Indenture; (4) the Issuer has delivered irrevocable instructions under the Indenture to apply the deposited money towards payment of the Senior Secured Notes at maturity or on the redemption date, as the case may be; and (5) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each to the effect that all conditions precedent under the ``--Satisfaction and Discharge'' section of the Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture have been complied with, provided that any such counsel may rely on any Officer's Certificate as to matters of fact (including as to compliance with the foregoing clauses (1), (2), (3) and (4)).
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Shareholders
No director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Secured Note Documents or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Senior Secured Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Senior Secured Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy.
Concerning the Trustee and Certain Agents
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited is to be appointed as Trustee under the Indenture. The Indenture will provide that, except during the continuance of an Event of Default of which a responsible officer of the Trustee has received written notice, the Trustee will perform only such duties as are set forth specifically in such Indenture. During the existence of an Event of Default, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it under the Indenture and use the same degree of care that a prudent Person would use in conducting its own affairs. The permissive rights of the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action enumerated in the Indenture will not be construed as an obligation or duty.
The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions with the Issuer and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries.
The Indenture will set out the terms under which the Trustee may retire or be removed, and replaced. Such terms will include, among others, (1) that the Trustee may be removed at any time by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Senior Secured Notes, or may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Issuer and (2) that if the Trustee at any time (a) has or acquires a conflict of interest that is not eliminated or (b) becomes incapable of acting as Trustee or becomes insolvent or bankrupt, then the Issuer may remove the Trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder for not less than 6 months may petition any court for removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee.
Any removal or resignation of the Trustee shall not become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee.
The Indenture will contain provisions for the indemnification and security of the Trustee for any loss, liability and expenses incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the Indenture.
Notices
All notices to Holders of Senior Secured Notes will be validly given if mailed to them at their respective addresses in the register of the Holders of the Senior Secured Notes, if any, maintained by the relevant Registrar. In addition, for so long as any of the Senior Secured Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange shall so require, notices with respect to the Senior Secured Notes will be published in a newspaper having general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie). In addition, for so long as any Senior Secured Notes are represented by Global Notes, all notices to Holders of the Senior Secured Notes will be delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, each of which will give such notices to the holders of Book-Entry Interests.
240

Such notices may also be published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie), to the extent and in the manner permitted by the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange.
Each such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made; provided that, if notices are mailed, such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the later of such publication and the seventh day after being so mailed. Any notice or communication mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to such Person by first-class mail or other equivalent means and shall be sufficiently given to such Holder if so mailed within the time prescribed. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for the payment of principal, or premium, if any, on the Senior Secured Notes will be prescribed five years after the applicable due date for payment thereof. Claims against the Issuer for the payment of interest on the Senior Secured Notes will be prescribed three years after the applicable due date for payment of interest.
Currency Indemnity and Calculation of Euro-Denominated Restrictions
The euro and NOK are the sole currencies of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer and the Guarantors under or in connection with the Senior Secured Notes and the relevant Guarantees, as the case may be, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than euro (in the case of the Fixed Rate Notes and the Euro Floating Rate Notes) or NOK (in the case of the NOK Floating Rate Notes), whether as a result of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, any Guarantor or otherwise by any Holder or by the Trustee, in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or a Guarantor will only constitute a discharge of the obligations of the Issuer or such Guarantor, as applicable, to the extent of the euro amount or the NOK amount (as applicable) which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so).
If that euro or NOK amount is less than the euro or NOK amount expressed to be due to the recipient or the Trustee under any Senior Secured Note (as applicable), the Issuer and the Guarantors will indemnify them against any loss sustained by such recipient or the Trustee as a result. In any event, the Issuer and the Guarantors will indemnify the recipient or the Trustee on a joint or several basis against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this currency indemnity provision, it will be prima facie evidence of the matter stated therein for the Holder of a Senior Secured Note or the Trustee to certify in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer (indicating the sources of information used) the loss it Incurred in making any such purchase. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's and the Guarantors' other obligations, will give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder of a Senior Secured Note or the Trustee (other than a waiver of the indemnities set out herein) and will continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Senior Secured Note, any Guarantee or to the Trustee.
Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, for purposes of determining compliance with any euro-denominated restriction herein, the euro equivalent amount for purposes hereof that is denominated in a non-euro currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such non-euro amount is Incurred or made, as the case may be.
Enforceability of Judgments
Since substantially all the assets of the Issuer and each Guarantor are held outside the United States, and any judgment obtained in the United States against the Issuer or any Guarantor, including judgments with respect to the payment of principal, premium, if any, interest, Additional Amounts, if any, and any redemption price and any purchase price with respect to the Senior Secured Notes or the Guarantees, may not be collectable within the United States.
241

Consent to Jurisdiction and Service
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Indenture and the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees, the Issuer and each Guarantor will in the Indenture irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, County and State of New York, United States.
Governing Law
The Indenture and the Senior Secured Notes, including any Guarantees, and the rights and duties of the parties thereunder will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreements will be governed by English law.
The NOK Floating Rate Notes issued through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (the ``VPS'') must comply with the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 2002 no. 64, as amended from time to time, and the holders of NOK Floating Rate Notes issued through VPS will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under such Act and any related regulations and legislation.
Certain Definitions
``Acquisition'' means the acquisition of the relevant shares in each of Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-Invest AB and Lindorff AB by the Issuer pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement;
``Acquisition Agreement'' means the sale and purchase agreement dated July 18, 2014 made between the Issuer, Altor 2003 Lindorff Holdings Limited, Altor II Lindorff Holdings Limited, Investor AB (publ) and members of management who hold any interest in any of the Target Companies, as it may be amended from time to time;
``Acquired Indebtedness'' means Indebtedness (1) of a Person or any of its Subsidiaries existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or (2) assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from such Person, in each case, whether or not Incurred by such Person in connection with such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or such acquisition or (3) of a Person at the time such Person merges with or into or consolidates or otherwise combines with the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary. Acquired Indebtedness shall be deemed to have been Incurred, with respect to clause (1) of the preceding sentence, on the date such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and, with respect to clause (2) of the preceding sentence, on the date of consummation of such acquisition of assets and, with respect to clause (3) of the preceding sentence, on the date of the relevant merger, consolidation or other combination.
``Additional Assets'' means:
(1) any property or assets (other than Indebtedness and Capital Stock) used or to be used by the Issuer, a Restricted Subsidiary or otherwise useful in a Similar Business (it being understood that capital expenditures shall be deemed an investment in Additional Assets);
(2) the Capital Stock of a Person that is engaged in a Similar Business and becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of the acquisition of such Capital Stock by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; or
(3) Capital Stock constituting a minority interest in any Person that at such time is a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer.
``Affiliate'' of any specified Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, ``control'' when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms ``controlling'' and ``controlled'' have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
``Agreed Security Principles'' means the Agreed Security Principles as set out in an annex to the RCF Facility Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date, as applied mutatis mutandis with respect to the Senior Secured Notes in good faith by the Issuer.
242

``Asset Disposition'' means any direct or indirect sale, lease (other than an operating lease entered into in the ordinary course of business), transfer, issuance or other disposition, or a series of related sales, leases (other than operating leases entered into in the ordinary course of business), transfers, issuances or dispositions that are part of a common plan, of shares of Capital Stock of a Subsidiary (other than directors' qualifying shares), property or other assets (each referred to for the purposes of this definition as a ``disposition'') by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any disposition by means of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction; provided that the sale, lease, transfer, issuance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole will be governed by the provisions of the Indenture described above under the caption ``Change of Control'' and/or the provisions described above under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation'' and not by the provisions described under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock''. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this definition, the following items shall not be deemed to be Asset Dispositions:
(1) a disposition by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary to a Restricted Subsidiary;
(2) a disposition of cash, Cash Equivalents, Temporary Cash Investments or Investment Grade Securities;
(3) a disposition of inventory or other assets in the ordinary course of business;
(4) a disposition of obsolete, surplus or worn out equipment or other assets or equipment, facilities or inventory or other assets that are no longer useful in the conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(5) transactions permitted under ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer'' or a transaction that constitutes a Change of Control;
(6) an issuance of Capital Stock by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or to another Restricted Subsidiary or as part of, or pursuant to, an equity incentive or compensation plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer or an issuance or sale by a Restricted Subsidiary of Preferred Stock that is permitted by the covenant described above under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'';
(7) any dispositions of Capital Stock, properties or assets in a single transaction or series of related transactions with a fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) of less than e5 million or, if greater, 0.3% of Total Assets;
(8) any Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made, under and in compliance with the covenant described above under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' and the making of any Permitted Payment or Permitted Investment or, solely for purposes of clause (3) of the first paragraph under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock,'' asset sales, the proceeds of which are used to make such Restricted Payments or Permitted Investments;
(9) dispositions in connection with the granting of Liens permitted by the covenant described above under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Liens;''
(10) dispositions of receivables in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business or in bankruptcy or similar proceedings and exclusive of factoring or similar arrangements;
(11) the licensing, sub-licensing, lease or assignment of intellectual property or other general intangibles and licenses, sub-licenses, leases, subleases, assignments or other dispositions of other property, in each case, in the ordinary course of business;
(12) foreclosure, condemnation, taking by eminent domain or any similar action with respect to any property or other assets;
(13) the sale or discount (with or without recourse, and on customary or commercially reasonable terms) of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising in the ordinary course of business, or the conversion or exchange of accounts receivable for notes receivable;
(14) any disposition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other securities of an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
243

(15) any disposition of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement or other obligation with or to a Person (other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) from whom such Restricted Subsidiary was acquired, or from whom such Restricted Subsidiary acquired its business and assets (having been newly formed in connection with such acquisition), made as part of such acquisition and in each case comprising all or a portion of the consideration in respect of such sale or acquisition;
(16) any surrender or waiver of contract rights or the settlement, release, recovery on or surrender of contract, tort or other claims of any kind;
(17) any disposition of assets to a Person who is providing services related to such assets, the provision of which have been or are to be outsourced by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to such Person in relation to information technology, accounting and other clerical or ancillary functions; provided, however, that the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall certify that in the opinion of the Board of Directors, the outsourcing transaction will be economically beneficial to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (considered as a whole);
(18) any disposition with respect to property built, owned or otherwise acquired by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to customary sale and lease-back transactions, asset securitizations and other similar financings permitted by the Indenture;
(19) sales or dispositions of receivables in connection with any Qualified Receivables Financing or any factoring transaction or in the ordinary course of business; and
(20) any transfer, termination, unwinding or other disposition of Hedging Agreements not for speculative purposes.
``Associate'' means (1) any Person engaged in a Similar Business of which the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries are the legal and beneficial owners of between 20% and 50% of all outstanding Voting Stock and (2) any joint venture entered into by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer.
``Bilateral Bank Loans'' means local term loans and amounts under local overdraft facilities outstanding on the Issue Date (immediately prior to the consummation of the Transactions) that are owed by Restricted Subsidiaries.
``Board of Directors'' means (1) with respect to the Issuer or any corporation, the board of directors or managers, as applicable, of the corporation (which, in the case of any corporation having both a supervisory board and an executive or management board, shall be the executive or management board), or any duly authorized committee thereof; (2) with respect to any partnership, the board of directors or other governing body of the general partner of the partnership or any duly authorized committee thereof; (3) with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members (or analogous governing body) or any controlling committee of managing members thereof and (4) with respect to any other Person, the board or any duly authorized committee of such Person serving a similar function. For the purposes of the definition of ``Change of Control'' only, Board of Directors of the Issuer shall mean the Issuer's supervisory board or its managing board. Whenever any provision requires any action or determination to be made by, or any approval of, a Board of Directors, such action, determination or approval shall be deemed to have been taken or made if approved by a majority of the directors (excluding employee representatives, if any) on any such Board of Directors (whether or not such action or approval is taken as part of a formal board meeting or as a formal board approval).
``Bund Rate'' means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany (Bunds or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to, with regard to the Fixed Rate Notes, August 15, 2017 and, with regard to the Euro Floating Rate Notes, August 15, 2015; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to, with regard to the Fixed Rate Notes, August 15, 2017 and, with regard to the Euro Floating Rate Notes, August 15, 2015 is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a weekly average yield is given, the Bund Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to, with
244

regard to the Fixed Rate Notes, August 15, 2017 and, with regard to the Euro Floating Rate Notes, August 15, 2015 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
``Business Day'' means each day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in Oslo, Norway, Stockholm, Sweden, London, United Kingdom, or New York, New York, United States are authorized or required by law to close; provided, however, that for any payments to be made under the Indenture, such day shall also be a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (``TARGET'') payment system is open for the settlement of payments.
``Capital Stock'' of any Person means any and all shares of, rights to purchase, warrants or options for, or other equivalents of or partnership or other interests in (however designated), equity of such Person, including any Preferred Stock, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.
``Capitalized Lease Obligations'' means an obligation that is required to be classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease for financial reporting purposes on the basis of IFRS (as in effect on the Issue Date for purposes of determining whether a lease is a capital lease). The amount of Indebtedness represented by such obligation will be the capitalized amount of such obligation at the time any determination thereof is to be made as determined on the basis of IFRS, and the Stated Maturity thereof will be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date such lease may be terminated without penalty.
``Cash Equivalents'' means:
(1) securities issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian governments, a Permissible Jurisdiction, Switzerland or Norway or, in each case, any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such country or such member state is pledged in support thereof), having maturities of not more than two years from the date of acquisition;
(2) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers' acceptances having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any Lender or by any bank or trust company (a) whose commercial paper is rated at least ``A-1'' or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least ``P-1'' or the equivalent thereof by Moody's (or if at the time neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) or (b) (in the event that the bank or trust company does not have commercial paper which is rated) having combined capital and surplus in excess of e500 million;
(3) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (1) and (2) entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (2) above;
(4) commercial paper rated at the time of acquisition thereof at least ``A-2'' or the equivalent thereof by S&P or ``P-2'' or the equivalent thereof by Moody's or carrying an equivalent rating by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization, if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of investments or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has an equivalent rating in respect of its long-term debt, and in any case maturing within one year after the date of acquisition thereof;
(5) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United States of America, any province of Canada, any Permissible Jurisdiction, Switzerland or Norway or any political subdivision thereof, in each case, having one of the two highest rating categories obtainable from either Moody's or S&P (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with maturities of not more than two years from the date of acquisition;
(6) Indebtedness or preferred stock issued by Persons with a rating of ``BBB-'' or higher from S&P or ``Baa3'' or higher from Moody's (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition;
245

(7) bills of exchange issued in the United States, Canada, a Permissible Jurisdiction, Switzerland, Norway or Japan eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any dematerialized equivalent);
(8) interests in any investment company, money market or enhanced high yield fund which invests 95% or more of its assets in instruments of the type specified in clauses (1) through (7) above; and
(9) for purposes of clause (2) of the definition of ``Asset Disposition,'' the marketable securities portfolio owned by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on the Issue Date.
``Change of Control'' means:
(1) the Issuer becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) any ``person'' or ``group'' of related persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Issue Date), other than one or more Permitted Holders, is or becomes the ``beneficial owner'' (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Issue Date), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Issuer; provided that for the purposes of this clause, (x) no Change of Control shall be deemed to occur by reason of the Issuer becoming a Subsidiary of a Successor Parent and (y) any Voting Stock of which any Permitted Holder is the ``beneficial owner'' (as so defined) shall not be included in any Voting Stock of which any such person or group is the ``beneficial owner'' (as so defined), unless that person or group is not an Affiliate of a Permitted Holder and has greater voting power with respect to that Voting Stock;
(2) following the Initial Public Offering of the Issuer or any Parent, during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the majority of the directors (excluding any employee representatives, if any) on the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any Parent (together with any new directors whose election by the majority of such directors on such Board of Directors of the Issuer or any Parent or whose nomination for election by shareholders of the Issuer or any Parent, as applicable, was approved by a vote of the majority of such directors on the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any Parent then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) ceased for any reason to constitute the majority of the directors (excluding any employee representatives, if any) on the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any Parent, then in office; or
(3) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to a Person, other than a Restricted Subsidiary or one or more Permitted Holders.
``Clearstream'' means Clearstream Banking, socie´te´ anonyme, as currently in effect or any successor securities clearing agency.
``Code'' means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
``Commodity Hedging Agreements'' means, in respect of a Person, any commodity purchase contract, commodity futures or forward contract, commodities option contract or other similar contract (including commodities derivative agreements or arrangements), to which such Person is a party or a beneficiary.
``Consolidated EBITDA'' for any period (the ``Relevant Period'') means, without duplication, the Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income:
(1) Consolidated Interest Expense;
(2) Consolidated Income Taxes;
(3) consolidated depreciation expense;
(4) consolidated amortization or impairment expense;
(5) any expenses, charges or other costs related to any Equity Offering, Investment, acquisition (including one-time amounts paid in connection with the acquisition or retention of one or more individuals comprising part of a management team retained to manage the acquired business; provided that such payments are made in connection with such acquisition and are consistent with
246

the customary practice in the industry at the time of such acquisition), disposition, recapitalization or the Incurrence of any Indebtedness permitted by the Indenture (in each case whether or not successful), in each case, as determined in good faith by an Officer of the Issuer;
(6) any minority interest expense (whether paid or not) consisting of income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in such period;
(7) the amount of management, monitoring, consulting and advisory fees and related expenses paid in such period to the Permitted Holders to the extent permitted by the covenant described under ``-- Certain Covenants--Limitation on Affiliate Transactions''; and
(8) other non-cash charges, write-downs or items reducing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such non-cash charge, write-down or item to the extent it represents an accrual of or reserve for cash charges in any future period) or other items classified by the Issuer as extraordinary, exceptional, unusual or nonrecurring items less other non-cash items of income increasing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such non-cash item of income to the extent it represents a receipt of cash in any future period).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provision for taxes and the depreciation, amortization, non-cash items, charges and write-downs of a Restricted Subsidiary shall be added to Consolidated Net Income to compute Consolidated EBITDA only to the extent (and in the same proportion, including by reason of minority interests) that the net income (loss) of such Restricted Subsidiary was included in calculating Consolidated Net Income for the purposes of this definition.
``Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio'' means, as of the date of determination, the ratio of:
(1) Consolidated EBITDA for the Issuer for such period to
(2) the sum of Consolidated Interest Expense for the Issuer for such period,
provided that in calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or any element thereof for any period, pro forma calculations will be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Issuer (including any pro forma expenses and cost savings and cost reduction synergies to the extent they have occurred or are reasonably expected to occur within the next twelve months following the date of such calculation as a result of, or that would result from any actions by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries including, without limitation, (i) in connection with any cost reduction or cost savings program, (ii) in connection with any transaction, investment, acquisition (including, without limitation, acquisition of business entities or property and assets constituting a division or line of business) or disposition or (iii) in connection with any restructuring, corporate reorganization or otherwise (and, in the case of sub-clauses (i) and (iii), steps have been taken to realize such expenses and cost savings and cost reduction synergies), in the good faith judgment of the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer or any person performing a similarly senior accounting role of the Issuer (regardless of whether these cost savings and cost reduction synergies could then be reflected in pro forma financial statements to the extent prepared so long as such cost savings and cost reduction synergies are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable); provided, further, without limiting the application of the previous proviso, that for the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for such period, if, as of such date of determination:
(1) since the beginning of such period the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has disposed of any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such disposition, a ``Sale'') or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is such a Sale, (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the assets which are the subject of such Sale for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such period; provided that if any such sale constitutes ``discontinued operations'' in accordance with IFRS, Consolidated Net Income shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if positive) attributable to such operations for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if negative) attributable thereto for such period and (b) the Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated Interest Expense directly attributable to any Indebtedness of the Issuer or of any Restricted Subsidiary repaid, repurchased, defeased or otherwise discharged with respect to the Issuer and the continuing Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such Asset Disposition for such period (or, if the Capital Stock of any
247

Restricted Subsidiary is sold, the Consolidated Interest Expense for such period directly attributable to the Indebtedness of such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the Issuer and the continuing Restricted Subsidiaries are no longer liable for such Indebtedness after such sale);
(2) since the beginning of such period, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (by merger or otherwise) has made an Investment in any Person that thereby becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or otherwise has acquired any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such Investment or acquisition, a ``Purchase''), including any such Purchase occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Purchase occurred on the first day of such period;
(3) since the beginning of such period, any Person (that became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period) will have made any Sale or any Purchase that would have required an adjustment pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above if made by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Sale or Purchase occurred on the first day of such period;
(4) if the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has incurred any Indebtedness since the beginning of such period that remains outstanding or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is an incurrence of Indebtedness or both, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be calculated after giving effect on a pro forma basis to such Indebtedness as if such Indebtedness had been incurred on the first day of such period and the discharge of any other Indebtedness repaid, repurchased, defeased or otherwise discharged with the proceeds of such new Indebtedness as if such discharge had occurred on the first day of such period; provided, however, that the pro forma calculation of the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall not give effect to (a) any Indebtedness incurred on the date of determination pursuant to the provisions described in the second paragraph under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or (b) the discharge on the date of determination of any Indebtedness to the extent that such discharge results from the proceeds incurred pursuant to the provisions described in the second paragraph under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'';
(5) any Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary on the date of determination will be deemed to have been a Restricted Subsidiary at all times during such period;
(6) any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary on the date of determination will be deemed not to have been a Restricted Subsidiary at any time during such period; and
(7) prior to the Completion Date, for purposes of the covenant described under ``Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Indebtedness'' and the definition of Permitted Collateral Liens, pro forma effect will be given to the Transactions, including the issuance of Notes on the Issue Date and the use of proceeds thereof, as if they had occurred at the beginning of the applicable period.
For the purposes of this definition and the definitions of Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Income Taxes, Consolidated Interest Expense and Consolidated Net Income, calculations will be as determined in good faith by a responsible financial or chief accounting officer of the Issuer (including, to the extent applicable, in respect of cost savings and cost reduction synergies).
If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest, the interest expense on such Debt shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Interest Rate Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness for a period equal to the remaining term of such Interest Rate Agreement).
``Consolidated Income Taxes'' means taxes or other payments, including deferred Taxes, based on income, profits or capital (including without limitation withholding taxes) and franchise taxes of any of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries whether or not paid, estimated, accrued or required to be remitted to any Governmental Authority.
``Consolidated Interest Expense'' means, for any period (in each case, determined on the basis of IFRS), the consolidated net interest income/expense of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether paid
248

or accrued, including any pension liability interest cost, plus or including (without duplication) any interest, costs and charges consisting of:
(1) interest expense attributable to Capitalized Lease Obligations;
(2) amortization of debt discount, but excluding amortization of debt issuance costs, fees and expenses and the expensing of any financing fees;
(3) non-cash interest expense;
(4) the net payments (if any) on Interest Rate Agreements and Currency Agreements (excluding amortization of fees and discounts and unrealized gains and losses);
(5) dividends on other distributions in respect of all Disqualified Stock of the Issuer and all Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent held by Persons other than the Issuer or a subsidiary of the Issuer;
(6) the consolidated interest expense that was capitalized during such period;
(7) interest actually paid by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Guarantee of Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person; and
(8) interest accrued on any Indebtedness of a Parent that is Guaranteed by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or secured by a Lien on the assets of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (less any interest accrued on any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary that was funded with the proceeds of such Guaranteed Indebtedness).
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Consolidated Interest Expense shall not include (i) any interest accrued, capitalized or paid in respect of Subordinated Shareholder Funding, (ii) any commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges related to Qualified Receivables Financing and (iii) any payments on any operating leases, including without limitation any payment on any lease, sublease, rental or license of property (or guarantee thereof) which would be considered an operating lease under IFRS in effect as of the Issue Date.
``Consolidated Leverage'' means the sum of the aggregate outstanding Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding Hedging Obligations except to the extent provided in clause (c) of the sixth paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'').
``Consolidated Leverage Ratio'' means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Leverage at such date to (y) the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to the date of such determination for which internal consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available; provided that for the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for such period (or, in the case of clause (4), Consolidated Leverage as of such date) if, as of such date of determination:
(1) since the beginning of such period the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has disposed of any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such disposition, a ``Sale'') or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is such a Sale, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the assets which are the subject of such Sale for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such period; provided that if any such sale constitutes ``discontinued operations'' in accordance with IFRS, Consolidated Net Income shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if positive) attributable to such operations for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if negative) attributable thereto for such period;
(2) since the beginning of such period, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (by merger or otherwise) has made an Investment in any Person that thereby becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or otherwise has acquired any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such Investment or acquisition, a ``Purchase''), including any such Purchase occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Purchase occurred on the first day of such period;
249

(3) since the beginning of such period, any Person (that became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period) will have made any Sale or any Purchase that would have required an adjustment pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above if made by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Sale or Purchase occurred on the first day of such period;
(4) solely for the purposes of determining compliance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Liens'', the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary is Incurring any Indebtedness, the pro forma calculation of the Consolidated Leverage shall not give effect to (i) any Indebtedness incurred on the date of determination pursuant to the provisions described in the second paragraph under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or (ii) the discharge on the date of determination of any Indebtedness to the extent that such discharge results from the proceeds incurred pursuant to the provisions described in the second paragraph under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness''; and
(5) prior to the Completion Date, for purposes of the covenant described under ``Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Indebtedness'' and the definition of Permitted Collateral Liens, pro forma effect will be given to the Transactions, including the issuance of Notes on the Issue Date and the use of proceeds thereof, as if they had occurred at the beginning of the applicable period.
For the purposes of this definition and the definitions of Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Income Taxes, Consolidated Interest Expense and Consolidated Net Income, (a) pro forma calculations will be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Issuer (including any pro forma expenses and cost savings and cost reduction synergies to the extent they have occurred or are reasonably expected to occur within the next twelve months following the date of such calculation as a result of, or that would result from any actions by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries including, without limitation, (i) in connection with any cost reduction or cost savings program, (ii) in connection with any transaction, investment, acquisition (including, without limitation, acquisition of business entities or property and assets constituting a division or line of business) or disposition or (iii) in connection with any restructuring, corporate reorganization or otherwise (and, in the case of sub-clauses (i) and (iii), steps have been taken to realize such expenses and cost savings and cost reduction synergies), in the good faith judgment of the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer or any person performing a similarly senior accounting role of the Issuer (regardless of whether these cost savings and cost reduction synergies could then be reflected in pro forma financial statements to the extent prepared so long as such cost savings and cost reduction synergies are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable); and (b) in determining the amount of Indebtedness outstanding on any date of determination, pro forma effect shall be given to any Incurrence, repayment, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition, retirement or discharge of Indebtedness as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the relevant period.
``Consolidated Net Income'' means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis on the basis of IFRS; provided, however, that there will not be included in such Consolidated Net Income:
(1) subject to the limitations contained in clause (3) below, any net income (loss) of any Person if such Person is not a Restricted Subsidiary, except that the Issuer's equity in the net income of any such Person for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents actually distributed by such Person during such period to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution or return on investment or could have been distributed, as reasonably determined by an Officer of the Issuer (subject, in the case of a dividend or other distribution or return on investment to a Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitations contained in clause (2) below);
(2) solely for the purpose of determining the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (c)(i) of the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' any net income (loss) of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Guarantors) if such Subsidiary is subject to restrictions, directly or indirectly, on the payment of dividends or the making of distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor by operation of the terms of such Restricted Subsidiary's charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute or governmental rule or regulation applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary or its shareholders (other than (a) restrictions that have
250

been waived or otherwise released, (b) restrictions pursuant to the Senior Secured Notes or the Indenture, (c) contractual restrictions in effect on the Issue Date with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary (including pursuant to the RCF Facility Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the indenture governing the Senior Notes), and other restrictions with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary that, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Holders than such restrictions in effect on the Issue Date and (d) restrictions specified in the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries,'' except that the Issuer's equity in the net income of any such Restricted Subsidiary for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents or non-cash distributions to the extent converted into cash or Cash Equivalents actually distributed or that could have been distributed (including by way of a loan) by such Restricted Subsidiary during such period to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary as a loan, dividend or other distribution (subject, in the case of a loan, dividend or distribution to another Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitation contained in this clause);
(3) any net gain (or loss) realized upon the sale, abandonment or other disposition of any asset or disposed operations of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiaries (including pursuant to any sale/ leaseback transaction) which is not sold, abandoned or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer);
(4) any extraordinary, exceptional, unusual or nonrecurring gain, loss, charge or expense or any charges, expenses or reserves in respect of any restructuring, redundancy or severance expense or other costs related to the Transactions, in each case, as determined in good faith by the Issuer;
(5) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles;
(6) any non-cash compensation charge or expense arising from any grant of stock, stock options or other equity based awards and any non-cash deemed finance charges in respect of any pension liabilities or other provisions;
(7) all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid or other expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness and any net gain (loss) from any write-off or forgiveness of Indebtedness;
(8) any unrealized gains or losses in respect of Hedging Obligations or any ineffectiveness recognized in earnings related to qualifying hedge transactions or the fair value of changes therein recognized in earnings for derivatives that do not qualify as hedge transactions, in each case, in respect of Hedging Obligations;
(9) any unrealized foreign currency transaction gains or losses in respect of Indebtedness of any Person denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of such Person and any unrealized foreign exchange gains or losses relating to translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies;
(10) any unrealized foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses in respect of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(11) any purchase accounting effects including, but not limited to, adjustments to inventory, property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenues in component amounts required or permitted by IFRS and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result of any consummated acquisition or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof (including any write-off of in process research and development);
(12) any goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charge, amortization or write-off;
(13) Consolidated Income Taxes to the extent in excess of cash payments made in respect of such Consolidated Income Taxes;
(14) any interest on Indebtedness of the kind referred to in paragraph (4) of the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' (other than Subordinated Shareholder Funding);
251

(15) the impact of capitalized, accrued or accreting or pay-in-kind interest or principal on Subordinated Shareholder Funding; and
(16) to the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Issuer has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that such amount is (a) not denied by the applicable carrier in writing within 180 days and (b) in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a deduction for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within 365 days), losses with respect to business interruption.
``Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio'' means the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, but calculated by excluding all Indebtedness other than Secured Indebtedness.
``Contingent Obligations'' means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, any operating lease, dividend or other obligation that does not constitute Indebtedness (``primary obligations'') of any other Person (the ``primary obligor''), including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent:
(1) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor;
(2) to advance or supply funds:
(a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation; or
(b) to maintain the working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; or
(3) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof.
``Credit Facility'' means, with respect to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, one or more debt facilities, indentures or other arrangements (including the RCF Facility Agreement or commercial paper facilities and overdraft facilities) with banks, other financial institutions or investors providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, notes, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables to such institutions or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such institutions against such receivables), letters of credit or other Indebtedness, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced, restructured, refinanced, repaid, increased or extended in whole or in part from time to time (and whether in whole or in part and whether or not with the original administrative agent and lenders or another administrative agent or agents or other banks or institutions and whether provided under the original RCF Facility Agreement or one or more other credit or other agreements, indentures, financing agreements or otherwise) and, in each case, including all agreements, instruments and documents executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with the foregoing (including any notes and letters of credit issued pursuant thereto and any Guarantee and collateral agreement, patent and trademark security agreement, mortgages or letter of credit applications and other Guarantees, pledges, agreements, security agreements and collateral documents). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term ``Credit Facility'' shall include any agreement or instrument (1) changing the maturity of any Indebtedness Incurred thereunder or contemplated thereby, (2) adding Subsidiaries of the Issuer as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder, (3) increasing the amount of Indebtedness Incurred thereunder or available to be borrowed thereunder or (4) otherwise altering the terms and conditions thereof.
``Currency Agreement'' means in respect of a Person any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement, currency futures contract, currency option contract, currency derivative or other similar agreement to which such Person is a party or beneficiary.
``Default'' means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.
``Designated Non-Cash Consideration'' means the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) of non-cash consideration received by the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset Disposition that is so designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to an Officer's Certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation, less the amount of cash, Cash Equivalents or Temporary Cash Investments received in connection with a subsequent payment,
252

redemption, retirement, sale or other disposition of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration. A particular item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration will no longer be considered to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise disposed of in compliance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock.''
``Designated Preference Shares'' means, with respect to the Issuer or any Parent, Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) (1) that is issued for cash (other than to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary for the benefit of their employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or such Subsidiary) and (2) that is designated as ``Designated Preference Shares'' pursuant to an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer at or prior to the issuance thereof, the Net Cash Proceeds of which are excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (c)(ii) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Restricted Payments.''
``Disinterested Director'' means, with respect to any Affiliate Transaction, a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer having no material direct or indirect financial interest in or with respect to such Affiliate Transaction. A member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be deemed not to have such a financial interest by reason of such member's holding Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent or any options, warrants or other rights in respect of such Capital Stock.
``Disqualified Stock'' means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event:
(1) matures or is mandatorily redeemable for cash or in exchange for Indebtedness pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise;
(2) is convertible or exchangeable for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock (excluding Capital Stock which is convertible or exchangeable solely at the option of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary); or
(3) is or may become (in accordance with its terms) upon the occurrence of certain events or otherwise redeemable or repurchasable for cash or in exchange for Indebtedness at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock in whole or in part,
in each case, on or prior to the earlier of (a) the Stated Maturity of the Senior Secured Notes or (b) the date on which there are no Senior Secured Notes outstanding; provided, however, that (i) only the portion of Capital Stock which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date will be deemed to be Disqualified Stock and (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale (howsoever defined or referred to) shall not constitute Disqualified Stock if any such redemption or repurchase obligation is subject to compliance by the relevant Person with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments.''
``Equity Offering'' means (1) a sale of Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock) other than offerings registered on Form S-8 (or any successor form) under the Securities Act or any similar offering in other jurisdictions, or (2) the sale of Capital Stock or other securities (other than to an Affiliate of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary), the proceeds of which are contributed to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares or through an Excluded Contribution) of, or as Subordinated Shareholder Funding to, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.
``ERC'' means, for any date of calculation, the aggregate amount of estimated remaining gross collections projected to be received by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries from all Portfolio Assets owned by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries during the period of 84 months, as calculated by the Portfolio ERC Model, as at the last day of the month most recently ended prior to the date of calculation.
``Escrowed Proceeds'' means the proceeds from the offering of any debt securities or other Indebtedness paid into an escrow account with an independent escrow agent on the date of the applicable offering or Incurrence pursuant to escrow arrangements that permit the release of amounts on deposit in such escrow account upon satisfaction of certain conditions or the occurrence of certain events. The term ``Escrowed Proceeds'' shall include any interest earned on the amounts held in escrow.
253

``euro'' or ``f'' means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union.
``Euro Floating Rate Applicable Premium'' means, with regard to any Euro Floating Rate Note, the greater of:
(1) 1% of the principal amount of such Euro Floating Rate Note; and
(2) on any redemption date, the excess (to the extent positive) of:
(a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of such Euro Floating Rate Note at August 15, 2015 (such redemption price (expressed in percentage of principal amount) being set forth in the table under ``--Optional Redemption'' (excluding accrued but unpaid interest)), plus (ii) all required interest payments on such Euro Floating Rate Note to and including August 15, 2015 using a discount rate equal to the Bund Rate at such redemption date plus 50 basis points and assuming that the rate of interest on such Euro Floating Rate Notes from the redemption date through August 15, 2015 will equal the rate of interest on such Euro Floating Rate Notes in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given; over
(b) the outstanding principal amount of such Euro Floating Rate Note,
as calculated by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer by such Person as the Issuer shall designate. For the avoidance of doubt, calculation of the Euro Floating Rate Applicable Premium shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee, Paying Agent or Euro Calculation Agent.
``Euroclear'' means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, or any successor securities clearing agency.
``European Government Obligations'' means any security that is (1) a direct obligation of Belgium, The Netherlands, France, Germany or any Permissible Jurisdiction, for the payment of which the full faith and credit of such country is pledged or (2) an obligation of a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of any such country the payment of which is unconditionally Guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by such country, which, in either case under the preceding clause (1) or (2), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof.
``European Union'' means all members of the European Union as of January 1, 2004.
``Exchange Act'' means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as amended.
``Excluded Contribution'' means Net Cash Proceeds or property or assets received by the Issuer after the Issue Date as capital contributions to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer or from the issuance or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer, in each case, to the extent designated as an Excluded Contribution pursuant to an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer.
``Existing Senior Facilities Agreement'' means the senior facilities agreement dated June 30, 2011 between, inter alia, Lindorff Group AB as company and DnB Nor Bank ASA as facility agent, security agent and issuing bank.
``fair market value'' wherever such term is used in this ``Description of Senior Secured Notes'' or the Indenture (except in relation to an enforcement action pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and except as otherwise specifically provided in this ``Description of Senior Secured Notes'' or the Indenture), may be conclusively established by means of an Officer's Certificate or a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer setting out such fair market value as determined by such Officer or such Board of Directors, as applicable, in good faith.
``Fixed Rate Applicable Premium'' means, with respect to any Fixed Rate Note, the greater of:
(1) 1% of the principal amount of such Fixed Rate Note; and
254

(2) on any redemption date, the excess (to the extent positive) of:
(a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of such Fixed Rate Note at August 15, 2017 (such redemption price (expressed in percentage of principal amount) being set forth in the table under ``--Optional Redemption'' (excluding accrued but unpaid interest)), plus (ii) all required interest payments due on such Fixed Rate Note through August 15, 2017 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest), computed upon the redemption date using a discount rate equal to the Bund Rate at such redemption date plus 50 basis points; over
(b) the outstanding principal amount of such Fixed Rate Note,
as calculated by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer by such Person as the Issuer shall designate. For the avoidance of doubt, calculation of the Fixed Rate Applicable Premium shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee, Paying Agent or Euro Calculation Agent.
``Governmental Authority'' means any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, self-regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including a central bank or stock exchange.
``Guarantee'' means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person, including any such obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person:
(1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreements to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise); or
(2) entered into primarily for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part),
provided, however, that the term ``Guarantee'' will not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term ``Guarantee'' used as a verb has a corresponding meaning.
``Guarantor'' means any Subsidiary Guarantor.
``Hedging Obligations'' of any Person means the obligations of such Person pursuant to any Interest Rate Agreement, Currency Agreement or Commodity Hedging Agreement (each, a ``Hedging Agreement'').
``Holder'' means each Person in whose name the Senior Secured Notes are registered on the relevant Registrar's books, which shall initially be the respective nominee of Clearstream and Euroclear.
``IFRS'' means International Financial Reporting Standards (formerly International Accounting Standards) (``IFRS'') endorsed from time to time by the European Union or any variation thereof with which the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries are, or may be, required to comply; provided that (other than with respect to the covenant described under the caption ``Reports'') at any date after the Issue Date the Issuer may make an irrevocable election to establish that ``IFRS'' shall mean IFRS as in effect on a date that is on or prior to the date of such election.
``Immaterial Guarantee'' means a Guarantee of the Senior Secured Notes given by an Immaterial Guarantor or a group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute an Immaterial Guarantor.
``Immaterial Guarantor'', in respect of a release of such guarantor, means a Subsidiary Guarantor which, together with its Restricted Subsidiaries, has generated 2.5% or less of the Issuer's Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements of the Issuer are available immediately preceding the date of such release.
``Incur'' means issue, create, assume, enter into any Guarantee of, incur, extend or otherwise become liable for; provided, however, that any Indebtedness or Capital Stock of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) will be deemed to be Incurred by such Restricted Subsidiary at the time it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and the terms ``Incurred'' and ``Incurrence'' have meanings correlative to the
255

foregoing and any Indebtedness pursuant to any revolving credit or similar facility shall only be ``Incurred'' at the time any funds are borrowed thereunder.
``Indebtedness ``means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination (without duplication):
(1) the principal of indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money;
(2) the principal of obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments;
(3) all reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments (the amount of such obligations being equal at any time to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such letters of credit or other instruments plus the aggregate amount of drawings thereunder that have been reimbursed) (except to the extent such reimbursement obligations relate to trade payables and such obligations are satisfied within 30 days of Incurrence), in each case only to the extent that the underlying obligation in respect of which the instrument was issued would be treated as Indebtedness;
(4) the principal component of all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property (except trade payables), where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a means of raising finance, which purchase price is due more than one year after the date of placing such property in service or taking final delivery and title thereto;
(5) Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person;
(6) the principal component of all obligations, or liquidation preference, of such Person with respect to any Disqualified Stock or, with respect to any Restricted Subsidiary, any Preferred Stock (but excluding, in each case, any accrued dividends);
(7) the principal component of all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person; provided, however, that the amount of such Indebtedness will be the lesser of (a) the fair market value of such asset at such date of determination (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) and (b) the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Persons;
(8) Guarantees by such Person of the principal component of Indebtedness of other Persons to the extent Guaranteed by such Person; and
(9) to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, net obligations of such Person under Currency Agreements and Interest Rate Agreements (the amount of any such obligations to be equal at any time to the termination value of such agreement or arrangement giving rise to such obligation that would be payable by such Person at such time).
The term ``Indebtedness'' shall not include (a) Subordinated Shareholder Funding, (b) any lease, concession or license of property (or Guarantee thereof) which would be considered an operating lease under IFRS as in effect on the Issue Date, (c) any asset retirement obligations, (d) any prepayments of deposits received from clients or customers in the ordinary course of business, or (e) any obligations under any license, permit or other approval (or Guarantees given in respect of such obligations) Incurred prior to the Issue Date or in the ordinary course of business. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the foregoing, the term ``Indebtedness'' excludes any accrued expenses and trade payables.
The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any time in the case of a revolving credit or similar facility shall be the total amounts of funds borrowed and then outstanding. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be determined as set forth above or otherwise provided in the Indenture, and (other than with respect to letters of credit or Guarantees or Indebtedness specified in clause (7), (8) or (9) above) shall equal the amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person (excluding any notes thereto) prepared on the basis of IFRS. Indebtedness represented by loans, notes or other debt instruments shall not be included to the extent funded with the proceeds of Indebtedness which the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has guaranteed or for which any of them is otherwise liable and which is otherwise included.
Notwithstanding the above provisions, in no event shall the following constitute Indebtedness:
(1) Contingent Obligations Incurred in the ordinary course of business and obligations under or in respect of Qualified Receivables Financings;
256

(2) in connection with the purchase by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of any business, any post-closing payment adjustments to which the seller may become entitled to the extent such payment is determined by a final closing balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of such business after the closing; provided, however, that, at the time of closing, the amount of any such payment is not determinable and, to the extent such payment thereafter becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid within 30 days thereafter; or
(3) for the avoidance of doubt, any obligations in respect of workers' compensation claims, early retirement or termination obligations, pension fund obligations or contributions or similar claims, obligations or contributions or social security or wage Taxes.
``Independent Financial Advisor'' means an investment banking or accounting firm of international standing or any third party appraiser of international standing; provided, however, that such firm or appraiser is not an Affiliate of the Issuer.
``Initial Investors'' means Nordic Capital Fund VIII Limited and any funds, partnerships or special purpose vehicles managed, advised or controlled, directly or indirectly, by Nordic Capital Fund VIII Limited or an Affiliate thereof, and, solely in their capacity as such, any limited partner of any such partnership or fund.
``Initial Public Offering'' means an Equity Offering of common stock or other common equity interests of the Issuer or any Parent or any successor of the Issuer or any Parent (the ``IPO Entity'') following which there is a Public Market and, as a result of which, the shares of common stock or other common equity interests of the IPO Entity in such offering are listed on an internationally recognized exchange or traded on an internationally recognized market.
``Intercreditor Agreement'' means the intercreditor agreement to be dated on or about the Issue Date and as may be amended from time to time and made between, amongst others, the Issuer, the Security Agent, the lenders under the RCF Facility Agreement, the senior agent under the RCF Facility Agreement, and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as Trustee and as trustee for the Senior Notes.
``Interest Rate Agreement'' means, with respect to any Person, any interest rate protection agreement, interest rate future agreement, interest rate option agreement, interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedge agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement to which such Person is party or a beneficiary.
``Investment'' means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of any direct or indirect advance, loan or other extensions of credit (other than advances or extensions of credit to customers, suppliers, directors, officers or employees of any Person in the ordinary course of business, and excluding any debt or extension of credit represented by a bank deposit other than a time deposit) or capital contribution to (by means of any transfer of cash or other property to others or any payment for property or services for the account or use of others), or the Incurrence of a Guarantee of any obligation of, or any purchase or acquisition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other similar instruments issued by, such other Persons and all other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared on the basis of IFRS; provided, however, that endorsements of negotiable instruments and documents in the ordinary course of business will not be deemed to be an Investment. If the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, sells or otherwise disposes of any Capital Stock of a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after giving effect thereto, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, any Investment by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Person remaining after giving effect thereto will be deemed to be a new Investment at such time.
For purposes of ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments'':
(1) ``Investment'' will include the portion (proportionate to the Issuer's equity interest in a Restricted Subsidiary to be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer at the time that such Restricted Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Issuer will be deemed to continue to have a permanent ``Investment'' in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Issuer's ``Investment'' in such Subsidiary at the time of the designation of such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary less (b) the portion (proportionate to the Issuer's equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets (as conclusively determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer in good
257

faith) of such Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary is so re-designated a Restricted Subsidiary; and
(2) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary will be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer, in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment, reduced (at the Issuer's option) by any dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount or value received in respect of such Investment.
``Investment Company Act'' means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
``Investment Grade Securities'' means:
(1) securities issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents);
(2) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by a Permissible Jurisdiction or Switzerland, Norway or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents);
(3) debt securities or debt instruments with a rating of ``A-'' or higher from S&P or ``A3'' or higher by Moody's or the equivalent of such rating by such rating organization or, if no rating of Moody's or S&P then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any other Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or advances among the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and
(4) investments in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) above which fund may also hold cash and Cash Equivalents pending investment or distribution.
``Investment Grade Status'' shall occur when the Senior Secured Notes receive both of the following:
(1) a rating of ``BBB-'' or higher from S&P; and
(2) a rating of ``Baa3'' or higher from Moody's;
or the equivalent of such rating by either such rating organization or, if no rating of Moody's or S&P then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any other Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization.
``IPO Market Capitalization'' means an amount equal to (1) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock or common equity interests of the IPO Entity at the time of closing of the Initial Public Offering multiplied by (2) the price per share at which such shares of common stock or common equity interests are sold in such Initial Public Offering.
``Issue Date'' means August 6, 2014.
``Lien'' means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof).
``Management Advances'' means loans or advances made to, or Guarantees with respect to loans or advances made to, directors, officers, employees or consultants of any Parent, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary:
(1) (a) in respect of travel, entertainment or moving related expenses Incurred in the ordinary course of business or (b) for purposes of funding any such person's purchase of Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding (or similar obligations) of the Issuer, its Subsidiaries or any Parent with (in the case of this sub-clause (b)) the approval of the Board of Directors of the Issuer;
(2) in respect of moving related expenses Incurred in connection with any closing or consolidation of any facility or office; or
(3) not exceeding e5 million in the aggregate outstanding at any time.
``Management Investors'' means the current or, to the extent any Voting Stock held by them were received in their capacity as such, former, officers, directors, employees and other members of the management of or consultants to any Parent, the Issuer or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or spouses, family members or relatives thereof, or any trust, partnership or other entity for the benefit of or the beneficial owner of which (directly or indirectly) is any of the foregoing, or any of their heirs,
258

executors, successors and legal representatives, who at any date beneficially own or have the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, Capital Stock of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent.
``Market Capitalization'' means an amount equal to (1) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock or common equity interests of the IPO Entity on the date of the declaration of the relevant dividend multiplied by (2) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common stock or common equity interests for the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such dividend.
``Moody's'' means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any of its successors or assigns that is a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization.
``Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization'' means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.
``Net Available Cash'' from an Asset Disposition means cash payments received (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or otherwise and net proceeds from the sale or other disposition of any securities received as consideration, but only as and when received, but excluding any other consideration received in the form of assumption by the acquiring person of Indebtedness or other obligations relating to the properties or assets that are the subject of such Asset Disposition or received in any other non-cash form) therefrom, in each case net of:
(1) all legal, accounting, investment banking, title and recording tax expenses, commissions and other fees and expenses Incurred, and all Taxes paid or required to be paid or accrued as a liability under IFRS (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing agreements), as a consequence of such Asset Disposition;
(2) all payments made on any Indebtedness which is secured by any assets subject to such Asset Disposition, in accordance with the terms of any Lien upon such assets, or which by its terms or by applicable law are required to be repaid out of the proceeds from such Asset Disposition;
(3) all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders (other than any Parent, the Issuer or any of their respective Subsidiaries) in Subsidiaries or joint ventures as a result of such Asset Disposition; and
(4) the deduction of appropriate amounts required to be provided by the seller as a reserve, on the basis of IFRS, against any liabilities associated with the assets disposed of in such Asset Disposition and retained by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary after such Asset Disposition.
``Net Cash Proceeds,'' with respect to any issuance or sale of Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding or Incurrence of any Indebtedness, means the cash proceeds of such issuance or sale net of attorneys' fees, accountants' fees, underwriters' or placement agents' fees, listing fees, discounts or commissions and brokerage, consultant and other fees and charges actually Incurred in connection with such issuance or sale and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such issuance or sale (after taking into account any available tax credit or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements).
``NOK Floating Rate Applicable Premium'' means, with regard to any NOK Floating Rate Note, the greater of:
(1) 1% of the principal amount of such NOK Floating Rate Note; and
(2) on any redemption date, the excess (to the extent positive) of:
(a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of such NOK Floating Rate Note at August 15, 2017 (such redemption price (expressed in percentage of principal amount) being set forth in the table under ``--Optional Redemption'' (excluding accrued but unpaid interest)), plus (ii) all required interest payments on such NOK Floating Rate Note to and including August 15, 2017 using a discount rate equal to the Norwegian Government Bond Rate at such redemption date plus 50 basis points and assuming that the rate of interest on such NOK Floating Rate Notes from the redemption date through August 15, 2017 will equal the rate of interest on such NOK Floating Rate Notes in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given; over
(b) the outstanding principal amount of such NOK Floating Rate Note,
259

as calculated by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer by such Person as the Issuer shall designate. For the avoidance of doubt, calculation of the NOK Floating Rate Applicable Premium shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee, Paying Agent or NOK Calculation Agent.
``Norwegian Government Bond Rate'' means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Kingdom of Norway with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to August 15, 2017; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to August 15, 2017 is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of the Kingdom of Norway for which a weekly average yield is given, the Norwegian Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Kingdom of Norway for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to August 15, 2017 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Kingdom of Norway adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
``Officer'' means, with respect to any Person, (1) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Managing Director, or the Secretary (a) of such Person or (b) if such Person is owned or managed by a single entity, of such entity, or (2) any other individual designated as an ``Officer'' for the purposes of the Indenture by the Board of Directors of such Person.
``Officer's Certificate'' means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed by one Officer of such Person.
``Opinion of Counsel'' means a written opinion from legal counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer or its Subsidiaries.
``Parent'' means any Person of which the Issuer at any time is or becomes a Subsidiary after the Issue Date and any holding companies established by any Permitted Holder for purposes of holding its investment in any Parent.
``Parent Expenses'' means:
(1) costs (including all professional fees and expenses) Incurred by any Parent in connection with reporting obligations under or otherwise Incurred in connection with compliance with applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory body or stock exchange, the Indenture or any other agreement or instrument relating to Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, including in respect of any reports filed with respect to the Securities Act, Exchange Act or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;
(2) customary indemnification obligations of any Parent owing to directors, officers, employees or other Persons under its charter or by-laws or pursuant to written agreements with any such Person to the extent relating to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;
(3) obligations of any Parent in respect of director and officer insurance (including premiums therefor) to the extent relating to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;
(4) fees and expenses payable by any Parent in connection with the Transactions;
(5) general corporate overhead expenses, including (a) professional fees and expenses and other administrative, general corporate and operational expenses of any Parent related to the ownership or operation of the business of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) any franchise, capital, registration, or similar taxes and other fees and expenses required to maintain any Parent's corporate existence and to provide for other ordinary course operating costs, including customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to officers and employees of such Parent and to pay reasonable directors' fees and to reimburse reasonable out of pocket expenses of the Board of Directors of such Parent and to pay fees and expenses, as incurred, of an acquisition, where the proceeds of such acquisition were contributed to or combined with the Issuer or its Related Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount pursuant to this clause (b) not to exceed e2 million in any fiscal year; or (c) costs and expenses with respect to any litigation or other dispute relating to the Transactions or the ownership, directly or indirectly, by any Parent;
260

(6) other fees, expenses and costs relating directly or indirectly to activities of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or any Parent or any other Person established for purposes of or in connection with the Transactions or which holds directly or indirectly any Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding of the Issuer, in an amount not to exceed e2 million in any fiscal year; and
(7) expenses Incurred by any Parent in connection with any Public Offering or other sale of Capital Stock or Indebtedness:
(a) where the net proceeds of such offering or sale are intended to be received by or contributed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;
(b) in a pro-rated amount of such expenses in proportion to the amount of such net proceeds intended to be so received or contributed; or
(c) otherwise on an interim basis prior to completion of such offering so long as any Parent shall cause the amount of such expenses to be repaid to the Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary out of the proceeds of such offering promptly if completed.
``Pari Passu Indebtedness'' means Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor if such Indebtedness or Guarantee ranks equally in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Secured Notes Guarantees, as the case may be, and, in each case, is secured by a Lien on all or a portion of the Collateral.
``Paying Agent'' means any Person authorized by the Issuer to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on any Senior Secured Note on behalf of the Issuer.
``Permissible Jurisdiction'' means any member state of the European Union (other than Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Italy and Spain so long as European Government Obligations issued, or unconditionally guaranteed, by the governments of such jurisdictions do not have a rating of ``BBB-'' or higher from S&P and ``Baa3'' or higher from Moody's (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization)).
``Permitted Asset Swap'' means the substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange of assets used or useful in a Similar Business or a combination of such assets and cash, Cash Equivalents or Temporary Cash Investments between the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person; provided that any cash or Cash Equivalents received in excess of the value of any cash or Cash Equivalents sold or exchanged must be applied in accordance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock.''
``Permitted Collateral Liens'' means:
(1) Liens on the Collateral (a) arising by operation of law or contract that are described in one or more of clauses (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (8), (9), (11), (12), (18) and (20) of the definition of ``Permitted Liens'' or (b) that are Liens in secured accounts equally and ratably granted to cash management banks securing cash management obligations;
(2) Liens on the Collateral to secure Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary that is permitted to be Incurred under clause (1) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness''; provided that such Indebtedness may receive priority as to the receipt of proceeds from any enforcement with respect to the Collateral as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement;
(3) Liens on the Collateral to secure Hedging Obligations of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an Interest Rate Agreement or Currency Agreement Incurred under clause (6) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' to the extent such Hedging Obligations relate to the Senior Secured Notes, Indebtedness incurred under clause (1) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' and other Hedging Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business pursuant to an Interest Rate Agreement or Currency Agreement not to exceed e20 million at any time outstanding (the ``Super Priority Hedging Obligations''); provided that such obligations may receive priority as to the receipt of proceeds from any enforcement with respect to the Collateral as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement;
(4) Liens on the Collateral to secure Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary that is permitted to be Incurred under clauses (2) (to the extent such Guarantee is in respect of
261

Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be secured and specified in this definition of Permitted Collateral Liens), (4)(a) and (c) (if the original Indebtedness was so secured), (5)(b) (so long as after giving effect to incurrence pursuant to such clause (5)(b), the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio is less than 4.0 to 1.0), (6), (11) or (12) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``-- Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness; provided, however, that such Lien will not give an entitlement to be repaid with proceeds of enforcement of the Collateral in a manner which is inconsistent with the Intercreditor Agreement and/or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement; and further provided that any such Lien permitted by this clause (4) ranks either (a) (except to the extent specified above) equal or junior to the Liens on such Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees, and in the case of Permitted Collateral Liens on the Collateral to secure Additional Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto, all assets and properties that secured the Additional Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto secure the Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto or (b) junior to Liens securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees if the Lien secures Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor; and
(5) Liens on the Collateral securing Indebtedness incurred under the first paragraph of ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness;'' provided that, in the case of this clause (5), after giving effect to such incurrence on that date, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio is less than 4.0 to 1.0; provided that any such Lien permitted by this clause (5) ranks either (a) equal or junior to all other Liens on such Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees, and in the case of Permitted Collateral Liens on the Collateral to secure Additional Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto, all assets and properties that secured the Additional Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto secure the Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto or (b) junior to Liens securing the Senior Secured Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees if the Lien secures Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor.
provided that each of the parties to Indebtedness secured by Permitted Collateral Liens pursuant to clauses (2), (3), (4) or (5) hereof or their agent, representative or trustee will have entered into, or acceded to, the Intercreditor Agreement or an Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
``Permitted Holders'' means, collectively, (1) the Initial Investors or any Affiliate thereof, (2) Senior Management, (3) any Related Person of any of the foregoing and (4) any Person who is acting as an underwriter in connection with a public or private offering of Capital Stock of any Parent or the Issuer, acting in such capacity. Any person or group whose acquisition of beneficial ownership constitutes a Change of Control in respect of which a Change of Control Offer is made in accordance with the requirements of the Indenture will thereafter, together with its Affiliates, constitute an additional Permitted Holder.
``Permitted Investment'' means (in each case, by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries):
(1) Investments in (a) a Restricted Subsidiary (including the Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary) or the Issuer or (b) a Person (including the Capital Stock of any such Person) that is engaged in any Similar Business and such Person will, upon the making of such Investment, become a Restricted Subsidiary;
(2) Investments in another Person if such Person is engaged in any Similar Business and as a result of such Investment such other Person is merged, consolidated or otherwise combined with or into, or transfers or conveys all or substantially all its assets to, the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;
(3) Investments in cash, Cash Equivalents, Temporary Cash Investments or Investment Grade Securities;
(4) Investments in receivables owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary created or acquired in the ordinary course of business;
(5) Investments in payroll, travel and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business;
(6) Management Advances;
262

(7) Investments received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, or as a result of foreclosure, perfection or enforcement of any Lien, or in satisfaction of disputes or judgments or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement including upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of a debtor;
(8) Investments made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from a sale or other disposition of property or assets, including an Asset Disposition, in each case, that was made in compliance with ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'';
(9) Investments in existence on, or made pursuant to legally binding commitments in existence on, the Issue Date and any extension, modification or renewal of any Investment existing on, or made pursuant to a binding commitment existing on, the Issue Date;
(10) Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements, Commodity Hedging Agreements and related Hedging Obligations, which transactions or obligations are Incurred in compliance with ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'';
(11) Investments, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (11) and at any time outstanding, in an aggregate amount at the time of such Investment not to exceed the greater of e35 million and 2.0% of Total Assets; provided that, if an Investment is made pursuant to this clause in a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is subsequently designated a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of the definition of ``Permitted Investments'' and not this clause;
(12) pledges or deposits with respect to leases or utilities provided to third parties in the ordinary course of business or Liens otherwise described in the definition of ``Permitted Liens'' or made in connection with Liens permitted under the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Liens'';
(13) any Investment to the extent made using Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares), Subordinated Shareholder Funding or Capital Stock of any Parent as consideration;
(14) any transaction to the extent constituting an Investment that is permitted and made in accordance with the provisions of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Affiliate Transactions'' (except those described in clauses (1), (3), (6), (8), (9) and (12) of that paragraph);
(15) Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials and equipment or licenses or leases of intellectual property, in any case, in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the Indenture;
(16) guarantees, keepwells and similar arrangements not prohibited by the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'';
(17) Investments in the Senior Secured Notes and any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(18) Investments acquired after the Issue Date as a result of the acquisition by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of another Person, including by way of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a transaction that is not prohibited by the Indenture to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on, or made pursuant to binding commitments existing on, the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; and
(19) Investments in joint ventures in a Similar Business or in Unrestricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate fair market value (measured on the date each such Investment was made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value), when taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (19) that are at the time outstanding not to exceed e25 million; provided that, if an Investment is made pursuant to this clause in a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is subsequently designated a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation
263

on Restricted Payments,'' such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of the definition of ``Permitted Investments'' and not this clause.
``Permitted Liens'' means, with respect to any Person:
(1) Liens on assets or property of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Issuer or a Guarantor securing Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Issuer or a Guarantor;
(2) pledges, deposits or Liens under workmen's compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws, social security laws or similar legislation, or insurance related obligations (including pledges or deposits securing liability to insurance carriers under insurance or self-insurance arrangements), or in connection with bids, tenders, completion guarantees, contracts (other than for borrowed money) or leases, or to secure utilities, licenses, public or statutory obligations, or to secure surety, indemnity, judgment, appeal or performance bonds, guarantees of government contracts (or other similar bonds, instruments or obligations), or as security for contested taxes or import or customs duties or for the payment of rent, or other obligations of like nature, in each case Incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(3) Liens imposed by law, including carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', landlords', materialmen's and repairmen's or other like Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue for a period of more than 60 days or that are bonded or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;
(4) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that appropriate reserves required pursuant to IFRS have been made in respect thereof;
(5) Liens in favor of the issuers of surety, performance or other bonds, guarantees or letters of credit or bankers' acceptances (not issued to support Indebtedness for borrowed money) issued pursuant to the request of and for the account of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business;
(6) encumbrances, ground leases, easements (including reciprocal easement agreements), survey exceptions, or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights of way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or zoning, building codes or other restrictions (including minor defects or irregularities in title and similar encumbrances) as to the use of real properties or Liens incidental to the conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries or to the ownership of its properties which do not in the aggregate materially adversely affect the value of said properties or materially impair their use in the operation of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(7) Liens on assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary securing Hedging Obligations permitted under the Indenture;
(8) leases, licenses, subleases and sublicenses of assets (including real property and intellectual property rights), in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(9) Liens arising out of judgments, decrees, orders or awards not giving rise to an Event of Default so long as any appropriate legal proceedings which may have been duly initiated for the review of such judgment, decree, order or award have not been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be initiated has not expired;
(10) Liens on assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose of securing Capitalized Lease Obligations or Purchase Money Obligations, or securing the payment of all or a part of the purchase price of, or securing other Indebtedness Incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, improvement or construction of, assets or property acquired or constructed in the ordinary course of business; provided that (a) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens is otherwise permitted to be Incurred under clause (7) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' and (b) any such Lien may not extend to any assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary other than assets or property acquired, improved, constructed or leased with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and any improvements or accessions to such assets and property;
(11) Liens arising by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to banker's Liens (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Liens created pursuant to the general banking conditions of a
264

bank operating in the Netherlands), rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a depositary or financial institution;
(12) Liens arising from Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings (or similar filings in other applicable jurisdictions) regarding operating leases entered into by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;
(13) Liens existing on the Issue Date after giving effect to the Transactions;
(14) Liens on property, other assets or shares of stock of a Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (or at the time the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary acquires such property, other assets or shares of stock, including any acquisition by means of a merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary); provided, however, that such Liens are not created, Incurred or assumed in anticipation of or in connection with such other Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary (or such acquisition of such property, other assets or stock); provided, further, that such Liens are limited to all or part of the same property, other assets or stock (plus improvements, accession, proceeds or dividends or distributions in connection with the original property, other assets or stock) that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which such Liens arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate;
(15) Liens on assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary, or Liens in favor of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(16) Liens (other than Permitted Collateral Liens) securing Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred to refinance Indebtedness that was previously so secured, and permitted to be secured under the Indenture; provided that any such Lien is limited to all or part of the same property or assets (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which the original Lien arose, could secure) the Indebtedness being refinanced or is in respect of property that is or could be the security for or subject to a Permitted Lien hereunder;
(17) any interest or title of a lessor under any Capitalized Lease Obligation or operating lease;
(18) (a) mortgages, liens, security interests, restrictions, encumbrances or any other matters of record that have been placed by any government, statutory or regulatory authority, developer, landlord or other third party on property over which the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer has easement rights or on any leased property and subordination or similar arrangements relating thereto and (b) any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings affecting any real property;
(19) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement;
(20) Liens on property or assets under construction (and related rights) in favor of a contractor or developer or arising from progress or partial payments by a third party relating to such property or assets;
(21) Liens on cash accounts securing Indebtedness incurred under clause (15) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' with local financial institutions;
(22) Liens on Escrowed Proceeds for the benefit of the related holders of debt securities or other Indebtedness (or the underwriters or arrangers thereof) or on cash set aside at the time of the Incurrence of any Indebtedness or government securities purchased with such cash, in either case, to the extent such cash or government securities prefund the payment of interest on such Indebtedness and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose;
(23) Liens securing or arising by reason of any netting or set-off arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of banking or other trading activities, or liens over cash accounts and receivables securing cash pooling or cash management arrangements;
(24) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, hire purchase, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into in the ordinary course of business;
265

(25) Liens Incurred in the ordinary course of business with respect to obligations which do not exceed e35 million at any one time outstanding;
(26) Permitted Collateral Liens;
(27) Liens on Capital Stock or other securities or assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that secure Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary;
(28) any security granted over the marketable securities portfolio described in clause (9) of the definition of ``Cash Equivalents'' in connection with the disposal thereof to a third party;
(29) Liens on Receivables Assets Incurred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing;
(30) Liens on cash, Cash Equivalents or other property arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness;
(31) Liens on certain receivables acquired pursuant to the transaction described under ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Recent Developments'' that secure Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred under clause (11) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' which Liens arise in connection with vendor financing described under ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Recent Developments''; and
(32) any extension, renewal or replacement, in whole or in part, of any Lien described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (31) (other than clause (25)); provided that any such extension, renewal or replacement shall be no more restrictive in any material respect than the Lien so extended, renewed or replaced and shall not extend in any material respect to any additional property or assets.
``Person'' means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.
``Portfolio Assets'' means all (a) Right to Collect Accounts, (b) performing, sub performing or charged-off accounts, loans, receivables, mortgages, debentures and claims, and (c) other similar assets or instruments which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in each case exclude any Trust Management Assets and any Right to Collect Accounts, performing accounts, sub-performing accounts, charged-off accounts, cash and bank accounts, loans, receivables, mortgages, debentures, claims or other similar assets or instruments which are or will (from acquisition) be held on trust for a third party which is not the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary.
``Portfolio ERC Model'' means the models and methodologies that the Issuer uses to calculate the value of its ERC and those of its Subsidiaries, consistently with its most recent audited financial statements as of such date of determination.
``Post-Completion Date Collateral'' means the security interests over the material assets of the Restricted Subsidiaries that give a Subsidiary Guarantee within 90 days of the Completion Date.
``Preferred Stock,'' as applied to the Capital Stock of any Person, means Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) which is preferred as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such Person, over shares of Capital Stock of any other class of such Person.
``Pro Forma Consolidated Gross Assets'' means, with respect to any specified Person as of any date, the total assets of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS, excluding all intra group items, investments in any Subsidiaries of such Person and goodwill and giving pro forma effect to any acquisitions (including through mergers or consolidations) and dispositions that have occurred subsequent to such period.
``Proceeds Loan'' means that certain loan to be made on or about the Completion Date by the Parent, as lender, to the Issuer, as borrower, with all or a portion of the proceeds from the issue of the Senior Notes.
``Public Debt'' means any Indebtedness consisting of bonds, debentures, notes or other similar debt securities issued in (1) a public offering registered under the Securities Act or (2) a private placement to institutional investors that is underwritten for resale in accordance with Rule 144A or Regulation S under the Securities Act, whether or not it includes registration rights entitling the holders of such debt securities to registration thereof with the SEC for public resale.
266

``Public Market'' means any time after:
(1) an Equity Offering has been consummated; and
(2) shares of common stock or other common equity interests of the IPO Entity having a market value in excess of e50 million on the date of such Equity Offering have been distributed pursuant to such Equity Offering.
``Public Offering'' means any offering, including an Initial Public Offering, of shares of common stock or other common equity interests that are listed on an exchange or publicly offered (which shall include an offering pursuant to Rule 144A and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act to professional market investors or similar persons).
``Purchase Money Obligations'' means any Indebtedness Incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, leasing, construction or improvement of property (real or personal) or assets (including Capital Stock), and whether acquired through the direct acquisition of such property or assets or the acquisition of the Capital Stock of any Person owning such property or assets, or otherwise.
``Qualified Receivables Financing'' means any Receivables Financing of a Receivables Subsidiary that meets the following conditions: (1) an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall have determined in good faith that such Qualified Receivables Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Issuer and the Receivables Subsidiary, (2) all sales of accounts receivable and related assets to the Receivables Subsidiary are made at fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Issuer), and (3) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof shall be on market terms (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) and may include Standard Securitization Undertakings.
The grant of a security interest in any accounts receivable of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Subsidiary) to secure Indebtedness under a Credit Facility or Indebtedness in respect of the Senior Secured Notes shall not be deemed a Qualified Receivables Financing.
``RCF Facility Agreement'' means the e225 million multicurrency revolving credit facility agreement to be entered into on or before the Issue Date between, amongst others, the Issuer, Nordea Bank AB (publ), as facility agent, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as security agent, and Nordea Bank Norge ASA as arranger and as may be amended from time to time.
``RCF Finance Documents'' means the RCF Facility Agreement and such other documents identified as ``Finance Documents'' pursuant to the RCF Facility Agreement.
``Receivables Assets'' means any assets that are or will be the subject of a Qualified Receivables Financing.
``Receivables Fees'' means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, any Receivables Financing.
``Receivables Financing'' means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, convey or otherwise transfer to (1) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries), or (2) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto, including all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interest are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable and any Hedging Obligations entered into by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary in connection with such accounts receivable.
``Receivables Repurchase Obligation'' means any obligation of a seller of receivables in a Qualified Receivables Financing to repurchase receivables arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant or otherwise, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, off-set or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller.
267

``Receivables Subsidiary'' means a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Issuer (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Qualified Receivables Financing with the Issuer in which the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer makes an Investment and to which the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer transfers accounts receivable and related assets) which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, all proceeds thereof and all rights (contractual or other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Issuer (as provided below) as a Receivables Subsidiary and:
(1) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is subject to terms that are substantially equivalent in effect to a guarantee of any losses on securitized or sold receivables by the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, (iii) is recourse to or obligates the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (iv) subjects any property or asset of the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings;
(2) with which neither the Issuer nor any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer has any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the Issuer reasonably believes to be no less favorable to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Issuer; and
(3) to which neither the Issuer nor any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity's financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results.
Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer giving effect to such designation and an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions.
``Refinance'' means refinance, refund, replace, renew, repay, modify, restate, defer, substitute, supplement, reissue, resell, extend or increase (including pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism) and the terms ``refinances,'' ``refinanced'' and ``refinancing'' as used for any purpose in the Indenture shall have a correlative meaning.
``Refinancing Indebtedness'' means Indebtedness that is Incurred to refund, refinance, replace, exchange, renew, repay or extend (including pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism) any Indebtedness existing on the date of the Indenture or Incurred in compliance with the Indenture (including Indebtedness of the Issuer that refinances Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary and Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness of the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary) including Indebtedness that refinances Refinancing Indebtedness; provided, however, that:
(1) if the Indebtedness being refinanced constitutes Subordinated Indebtedness, the Refinancing Indebtedness has a final Stated Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred that is the same as or later than the final Stated Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced or, if shorter, the Senior Secured Notes;
(2) such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred in an aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, an aggregate issue price) that is equal to or less than the sum of the aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, the aggregate accreted value) then outstanding of the Indebtedness being refinanced (plus, without duplication, any additional Indebtedness Incurred to pay interest or premiums required by the instruments governing such existing Indebtedness and costs, expenses and fees Incurred in connection therewith);
(3) if the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor was the obligor on the Indebtedness being refinanced, such Indebtedness is incurred either by the Issuer or by a Guarantor; and
(4) if the Indebtedness being refinanced is expressly subordinated to the Senior Secured Notes or the Guarantees, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated to the Senior Secured Notes or the
268

Guarantees on terms at least as favorable to the Holders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being refinanced,
provided, however, that Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Credit Facility or any other Indebtedness may be Incurred from time to time after the termination, discharge or repayment of any such Credit Facility or other Indebtedness; provided that it is used to refinance the amounts used to discharge in full such Credit Facility or other Indebtedness within three months of the relevant termination, discharge or repayment.
``Related Person'' with respect to any Permitted Holder means:
(1) any controlling equityholder or Subsidiary of such Person; or
(2) in the case of an individual, any spouse, family member or relative of such individual, any trust or partnership for the benefit of one or more of such individual and any such spouse, family member or relative, or the estate, executor, administrator, committee or beneficiaries of any thereof; or
(3) any trust, corporation, partnership or other Person for which one or more of the Permitted Holders and other Related Persons of any thereof constitute the beneficiaries, stockholders, partners or owners thereof, or Persons beneficially holding in the aggregate a majority (or more) controlling interest therein; or
(4) in the case of the Initial Investors any investment fund or vehicle managed, sponsored or advised by such Person or any successor thereto, or by any Affiliate of such Person or any such successor.
``Related Taxes'' means:
(1) any Taxes, including sales, use, transfer, rental, ad valorem, value added, stamp, property, consumption, franchise, license, capital, registration, business, customs, net worth, gross receipts, excise, occupancy, intangibles or similar Taxes (other than (x) Taxes measured by income and (y) withholding imposed on payments made by any Parent), required to be paid (provided such Taxes are in fact paid) by any Parent by virtue of its:
(a) being organized or having Capital Stock outstanding (but not by virtue of owning stock or other equity interests of any corporation or other entity other than, directly or indirectly, the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries);
(b) issuing or holding Subordinated Shareholder Funding;
(c) being a holding company parent, directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries;
(d) receiving dividends from or other distributions in respect of the Capital Stock of, directly or indirectly, the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries; or
(e) having made any payment in respect to any of the items for which the Issuer is permitted to make payments to any Parent pursuant to ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments''; or
(2) if and for so long as the Issuer is a member of a group filing a consolidated or combined tax return with any Parent, any Taxes measured by income for which such Parent is liable up to an amount not to exceed with respect to such Taxes the amount of any such Taxes that the Issuer and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay on a separate company basis or on a consolidated basis if the Issuer and its Subsidiaries had paid tax on a consolidated, combined, group, affiliated or unitary basis on behalf of an affiliated group consisting only of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
``Restricted Investment'' means any Investment other than a Permitted Investment.
``Restricted Subsidiary'' means any Subsidiary of the Issuer other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
``Reversion Date'' means, after the Senior Secured Notes have achieved Investment Grade Status, the date, if any, that such Senior Secured Notes shall cease to have such Investment Grade Status.
``Right to Collect Account'' means a performing, sub-performing or charged-off account, loan, receivable, mortgage, debenture or claim, or other similar asset or instrument that is owned by a person that is not the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a ``Third Party'') and in respect of which
269

(a) such Third Party is unable or unwilling to dispose of the relevant performing, sub-performing or charged-off account, loan, receivable, mortgage, debenture or claim, or other similar asset or instrument to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary; and (b) the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary is entitled to collect and retain substantially all of the amounts due under such performing, sub-performing or charged-off account, loan, receivable, mortgage, debenture or claim, or other similar asset or instrument or to receive amounts equivalent thereto.
``S&P'' means Standard & Poor's Investors Ratings Services or any of its successors or assigns that is a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization.
``SEC'' means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.
``Senior Notes'' means the e250 million aggregate principal amount of the 9.500% Senior Notes due 2022 and the SEK 1.85 billion aggregate principal amount of the Floating Rate Note due 2022 to be issued by the Parent on or about the Issue Date.
``Secured Indebtedness'' means any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on a basis pari passu with or senior to the security in favor of the Senior Secured Notes or the Subsidiary Guarantees.
``Securities Act'' means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as amended.
``Security Documents'' means the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and each collateral pledge agreement, security assignment agreement or other document under which collateral is pledged to secure the Senior Secured Notes.
``Senior Management'' means the officers, directors, and other members of senior management of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, who at any date beneficially own or have the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent and with an equity investment in excess of e100,000.
``Senior Secured Note Documents'' means the Senior Secured Notes (including Additional Senior Secured Notes), the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents.
``Significant Subsidiary'' means any Restricted Subsidiary that meets any of the following conditions:
(1) the Issuer's and its Restricted Subsidiaries' investments in and advances to the Restricted Subsidiary exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year;
(2) the Issuer's and its Restricted Subsidiaries' proportionate share of the total assets (after intercompany eliminations) of the Restricted Subsidiary exceeds 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year; or
(3) the Issuer's and its Restricted Subsidiaries' equity in the income from continuing operations before income taxes, extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle of the Restricted Subsidiary exceeds 10% of such income of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed fiscal year.
``Similar Business'' means (1) any businesses, services or activities engaged in by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any Associates on the Issue Date and (2) any businesses, services and activities engaged in by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any Associates that are related, complementary, incidental, ancillary or similar to any of the foregoing or are extensions or developments of any thereof.
``Standard Securitization Undertakings'' means representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and guarantees of performance entered into by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer which the Issuer has determined in good faith to be customary in a Receivables Financing, including those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Receivables Subsidiary, it being understood that any Receivables Repurchase Obligation shall be deemed to be a Standard Securitization Undertaking.
``Stated Maturity'' means, with respect to any security, the date specified in such security as the fixed date on which the payment of principal of such security is due and payable, including pursuant to any mandatory redemption provision, but shall not include any contingent obligations to repay, redeem or repurchase any such principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof.
270

``Subordinated Indebtedness'' means, with respect to any person, any Indebtedness (whether outstanding on the Issue Date or thereafter Incurred) which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes or its Guarantees pursuant to a written agreement (including Indebtedness under the Guarantees of the Senior Notes and the Proceeds Loan).
``Subordinated Shareholder Funding'' means, collectively, any funds provided to the Issuer by a Parent in exchange for or pursuant to any security, instrument or agreement other than Capital Stock, in each case issued to and held by a Parent or a Permitted Holder, together with any such security, instrument or agreement and any other security or instrument other than Capital Stock issued in payment of any obligation under any Subordinated Shareholder Funding; provided, however, that such Subordinated Shareholder Funding:
(1) does not mature or require any amortization, redemption or other repayment of principal or any sinking fund payment prior to the first anniversary of the Stated Maturity of the Senior Secured Notes (other than through conversion or exchange of such funding into Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any funding meeting the requirements of this definition);
(2) does not require, prior to the first anniversary of the Stated Maturity of the Senior Secured Notes, payment of cash interest, cash withholding amounts or other cash gross-ups, or any similar cash amounts;
(3) contains no change of control or similar provisions and does not accelerate and has no right to declare a default or event of default or take any enforcement action or otherwise require any cash payment, in each case, prior to the first anniversary of the Stated Maturity of the Senior Secured Notes;
(4) does not provide for or require any security interest or encumbrance over any asset of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; and
(5) pursuant to its terms is fully subordinated and junior in right of payment to the Senior Secured Notes pursuant to subordination, payment blockage and enforcement limitation terms which are customary in all material respects for similar funding.
``Subsidiary'' means, with respect to any Person:
(1) any corporation, association, socie´te´ d'exercice libe´ral or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders' agreement or other arrangement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; or
(2) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity (other than entities covered by clause (a) of this definition) of which:
(a) more than 50% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership interests or otherwise; and
(b) such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity.
``Subsidiary Guarantor'' means each of (i) Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Coinvest AB, Lindorff AB, Lindorff Second Holding AB, Lindorff Group AB, Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH, Lindorff Holding GmbH, Lindorff Deutschland GmbH, Lindorff Sverige Holding AB, Lindorff Capital AS, Lindorff Sverige AB, Lindorff Finland Oy, Lindorff Oy, Lindorff Invest Oy, Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V., Lindorff Netherlands B.V., Lindorff B.V., Lindorff Holding Norway AS, Lindorff Norge AS, Lindorff AS and Lindorff Danmark A/S and (ii) if and when they accede to the Indenture as Guarantors, the Additional Spanish Guarantors, in each case together with their successors and assigns.
``Successor Parent'' with respect to any Person means any other Person with more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of which is, at the time the first Person becomes a Subsidiary of such
271

other Person, ``beneficially owned'' (as defined below) by one or more Persons that ``beneficially owned'' (as defined below) more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the first Person immediately prior to the first Person becoming a Subsidiary of such other Person. For purposes hereof, ``beneficially own'' has the meaning correlative to the term ``beneficial owner,'' as such term is defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (as in effect on the Issue Date).
``Target Companies'' refers collectively to Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-Invest AB and Lindorff AB.
``Taxes'' means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, duties and withholdings and any charges of a similar nature (including interest, penalties and other liabilities with respect thereto) that are imposed by any government or other taxing authority.
``Tax Sharing Agreement'' means any tax sharing or profit and loss pooling or similar agreement with customary or arm's-length terms entered into with any Parent or Subsidiary, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and of the Indenture.
``Temporary Cash Investments'' means any of the following:
(1) any investment in
(a) direct obligations of, or obligations Guaranteed by, (i) the United States of America or Canada, (ii) any Permissible Jurisdiction, (iii) Switzerland or Norway, (iv) any country in whose currency funds are being held specifically pending application in the making of an investment or capital expenditure by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in that country with such funds or (v) any agency or instrumentality of any such country or member state; or
(b) direct obligations of any country recognized by the United States of America rated at least ``A'' by S&P or ``A-1'' by Moody's (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization);
(2) overnight bank deposits, and investments in time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, bankers' acceptances and money market deposits (or, with respect to foreign banks, similar instruments) maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition thereof issued by:
(a) any lender under the RCF Facility Agreement;
(b) any institution authorized to operate as a bank in any of the countries or member states referred to in subclause (1)(a) above; or
(c) any bank or trust company organized under the laws of any such country or member state or any political subdivision thereof,
in each case, having capital and surplus aggregating in excess of e250 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) and whose long-term debt is rated at least ``A'' by S&P or ``A-2'' by Moody's (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) at the time such Investment is made;
(3) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (1) or (2) above entered into with a Person meeting the qualifications described in clause (2) above;
(4) Investments in commercial paper, maturing not more than 270 days after the date of acquisition, issued by a Person (other than the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries), with a rating at the time as of which any Investment therein is made of ``P-2'' (or higher) according to Moody's or ``A-2'' (or higher) according to S&P (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization);
(5) Investments in securities maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition issued or fully Guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America, Canada, any Permissible Jurisdiction or Switzerland, Norway or by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth, territory, country or member state, and rated at least ``BBB'' by S&P
272

or ``Baa3'' by Moody's (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization);
(6) bills of exchange issued in the United States, Canada, a Permissible Jurisdiction, Switzerland, Norway or Japan eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any dematerialized equivalent);
(7) any money market deposit accounts issued or offered by a commercial bank organized under the laws of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, in each case, having capital and surplus in excess of e250 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) or whose long term debt is rated at least ``A'' by S&P or ``A2'' by Moody's (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) at the time such Investment is made;
(8) investment funds investing 95% of their assets in securities of the type described in clauses (1) through (7) above (which funds may also hold reasonable amounts of cash pending investment and/or distribution); and
(9) investments in money market funds complying with the risk limiting conditions of Rule 2a-7 (or any successor rule) of the SEC under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
``Total Assets'' means the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with IFRS as shown on the most recent balance sheet of such Person.
``Transactions'' means the Acquisition, the repayment in full of the term borrowings under the Existing Senior Facilities Agreement, the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes and the payment or incurrence of any fees, expense or charges associated with any of the foregoing.
``Trust Indenture Act'' means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
``Trust Management Assets'' means Right to Collect Accounts, performing accounts, sub-performing accounts, charged-off accounts, loans, receivables, mortgages, debentures, claims, cash and bank accounts or other similar assets or instruments held by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary on trust for a beneficiary which is not the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary.
``Uniform Commercial Code'' means the New York Uniform Commercial Code.
``Unrestricted Subsidiary'' means:
(1) any Subsidiary of the Issuer that at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by the Board of Directors of the Issuer in the manner provided below); and
(2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
The Board of Directors of the Issuer may designate any Subsidiary of the Issuer (including any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary or a Person becoming a Subsidiary through merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction, or Investment therein but excluding the Issuer) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary only if:
(1) such Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries does not own any Capital Stock or Indebtedness of, or own or hold any Lien on any property of, the Issuer or any other Subsidiary of the Issuer which is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated or otherwise an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and
(2) such designation and the Investment of the Issuer in such Subsidiary complies with ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments.''
Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer giving effect to such designation and an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complies with the foregoing conditions.
The Board of Directors of the Issuer may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that immediately after giving effect to such designation (1) no Default or Event of Default would result therefrom and (2)(x) the Issuer could Incur at least e1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph of the ``Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant or (y) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would not be greater than it was immediately prior to giving effect to such designation, in
273

each case, on a pro forma basis taking into account such designation. Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be evidenced to the Trustee by promptly filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of such Board of Directors giving effect to such designation or an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. ``Voting Stock'' of a Person means all classes of Capital Stock of such Person then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors. ``Wholly Owned Subsidiary'' means a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, all of the Voting Stock of which (other than directors' qualifying shares or shares required by any applicable law or regulation to be held by a Person other than the Issuer or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary) is owned by the Issuer or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary.
274

DESCRIPTION OF THE SENIOR NOTES
The following is a description of the e250 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2022 (the ``Euro Senior Notes'') and SEK 1.85 billion in aggregate principal amount of Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2022 (the ``SEK Floating Rate Notes'' and, together with the Euro Senior Notes, the ``Senior Notes''). The Senior Notes will be issued by Lock Lower Holding AS, a company incorporated in Norway (the ``Issuer''), and will be guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors specified below (each such guarantee, a ``Subsidiary Guarantee'').
In this ``Description of the Senior Notes'', the ``Issuer'' refers only to Lock Lower Holding AS, and any successor obligor to Lock Lower Holding AS under the Indenture, and not to any of its Subsidiaries or to its parent, Lock Upper Holding AS.
Pending consummation of the Acquisition and the satisfaction of certain other conditions as described below, the initial purchasers will, concurrently with the closing of the offering of the Senior Notes on the Issue Date, deposit (i) the gross proceeds of this offering of the Euro Senior Notes less certain deductions with respect to fees and expenses into a segregated escrow account (the ``Euro Notes Escrow Account'') pursuant to the terms of an escrow deed (the ``Senior Escrow Agreement'') dated as of the Issue Date among, inter alios, the Issuer, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as trustee (the ``Trustee'') and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as Senior Notes Escrow Agent (the ``Escrow Agent'') and (ii) the gross proceeds of this offering of the SEK Floating Rate Notes less certain deductions with respect to fees and expenses into a segregated escrow account (the ``SEK Notes Escrow Account'' and, together with the Euro Notes Escrow Account, the ``Senior Notes Escrow Accounts'') pursuant to the terms of the Senior Escrow Agreement. Prior to the release of such proceeds from the Senior Notes Escrow Accounts, such funds may be invested in certain permitted investments, including cash and/or highly-rated stable net asset value money market funds. If the Acquisition is not consummated on or prior to February 10, 2015 (the ``Escrow Longstop Date''), each series of the Senior Notes will be redeemed at a price equal to 100% of the initial issue price of the Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, from the Issue Date to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined below) with respect to such series. See ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption.''
The proceeds of the offering of the Senior Notes sold on the Issue Date will be used by the Issuer to make the Proceeds Loan. The proceeds of the offering of the Senior Secured Notes sold on the Issue Date, together with funds received from the Proceeds Loan, shareholder contributions and certain borrowings under the RCF Facility Agreement, will be used by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, directly or indirectly, to fund the purchase price for the Acquisition including any adjustments or interest payments under the Acquisition Agreement, for the repayment in full of the borrowings under the Existing Senior Facilities Agreement and to pay fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions, as set forth in this Offering Memorandum under the caption ``Use of Proceeds.''
The Issuer will issue the Senior Notes under an indenture, to be dated as of the Issue Date (the ``Indenture''), among, inter alios, the Issuer and the Trustee. The Guarantors that are Restricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer are referred to herein as the ``Subsidiary Guarantors.'' The Senior Notes will be issued in private transactions that are not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See ``Transfer Restrictions.'' The terms of the Senior Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Indenture will not be qualified under, and will not incorporate any provisions of, or be subject to the terms of, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The Senior Notes are subject to all such terms pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture, and Holders of the Senior Notes are referred to the Indenture for a statement thereof.
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Indenture, the Senior Escrow Agreement and the Senior Notes and refers to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents and does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, all provisions of the Indenture, the Senior Escrow Agreement, the Senior Notes, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents, respectively. Because this is a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. You should read the Indenture, the Senior Escrow Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents in their entirety. Copies of the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement are available as described under ``Listing and General Information--Available Information.'' You can find the definitions of certain terms used in this description under ``--Certain Definitions.''
275

The registered holder of a Senior Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. In general, only registered holders will have rights under the Indenture.
Brief Description of the Senior Notes and the Guarantees
The Senior Notes
The Senior Notes:
· will be senior obligations of the Issuer and will rank equal in right of payment with all of the Issuer's existing and future obligations that are not subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Notes;
· will be secured by the Collateral described below;
· will be senior in right of payment to any Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer;
· will be effectively senior in right of payment to any existing or future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, to the extent of the value of the applicable Collateral that is available to satisfy the obligations under the Senior Notes;
· will be guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by the Guarantors, subject to the guarantee limitations described herein and in ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees-- Each Guarantee and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability;''
· will be effectively subordinated to the Issuer's existing and future secured Indebtedness that is secured on a first-priority basis over property and assets that secure the Senior Notes on a secondpriority basis, to the extent of the value of such property and assets securing such Indebtedness (including Indebtedness under the RCF Facility Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes, the guarantees in respect of the Senior Secured Notes and certain hedging obligations); and
· will be structurally subordinated to all obligations of the Issuer's subsidiaries that are not Guarantors.
The Subsidiary Guarantees
The Senior Notes will (i) on the Completion Date, be guaranteed by Lock AS, the issuer of the Senior Secured Notes and (ii) within 90 days of the Completion Date be guaranteed by Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-invest AB, Lindorff AB, Lindorff Second Holding AB, Lindorff Group AB, Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH, Lindorff Holding GmbH, Lindorff Deutschland GmbH, Lindorff Sverige Holding AB, Lindorff Capital AS, Lindorff Sverige AB, Lindorff Finland Oy, Lindorff Oy, Lindorff Invest Oy, Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V., Lindorff Netherlands B.V., Lindorff B.V., Lindorff Holding Norway AS, Lindorff Norge AS, Lindorff AS and Lindorff Danmark A/S. In addition, the Senior Notes Issuer will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL to guarantee the Senior Notes within six months of the Completion Date. Each Subsidiary Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor:
· will be the senior subordinated obligation of the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor;
· will be subordinated in right of payment to that Subsidiary Guarantor's obligations in respect of any existing and future Senior Indebtedness, including its obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and the Senior Secured Notes;
· will be senior in right of payment to any Subordinated Indebtedness of the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor;
· will be subject to limitations described herein and in ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and security interest will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability;'' and
· will be effectively subordinated to the such Subsidiary Guarantor's existing and future secured Indebtedness, to the extent of the value of such property and assets securing such Indebtedness
276

(including Indebtedness under the RCF Facility Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes, the guarantees in respect of the Senior Secured Notes and certain hedging obligations).
Principal and maturity
The Issuer will issue e250 million in aggregate principal amount of Euro Senior Notes and SEK 1.85 billion in aggregate principal amount of SEK Floating Rate Notes in this Offering on the Issue Date. The Senior Notes will mature on August 15, 2022. The Euro Senior Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of e100,000 and in integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof. The SEK Floating Rate Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of SEK 10,000 in excess thereof.
The rights of holders of beneficial interests in the Senior Notes to receive the payments on such Senior Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream. If the due date for any payment in respect of any Senior Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
Interest
Interest on the Euro Senior Notes
Interest on the Euro Senior Notes will accrue at the rate of 9.500% per annum and will be payable, in cash, semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2015, to holders of record on the immediately preceding February 1 and August 1, respectively. Interest on the Euro Senior Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from the date of original issuance. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Each interest period shall end on (but not include) the relevant interest payment date.
SEK Floating Rate Notes
Interest on the SEK Floating Rate Notes will accrue at a rate per annum (the ``Applicable Rate''), reset quarterly, equal to the sum of (i) three-month STIBOR plus (ii) 8.7750%, as determined by an agent approved by the Issuer to calculate STIBOR for the purposes of the Indenture (the ``Calculation Agent''), which shall initially be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. Interest on the SEK Floating Rate Notes will:
· accrue from the Issue Date or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid;
· be payable in cash quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, commencing on February 15, 2015; and
· be payable to the holder of record of such SEK Floating Rate Notes on the February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 immediately preceding the related interest payment date.
If a particular interest payment date is not a Business Day, then the payment date will move to the next Business Day. Therefore, the relevant interest period will be one or more days longer.
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on each Determination Date, determine the Applicable Rate and calculate the aggregate amount of interest payable in respect of the following Interest Period (the ``Interest Amount''). The Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Applicable Rate to the principal amount of each SEK Floating Rate Note outstanding at the end of the Interest Period, multiplying each such amount by the actual amounts of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360 and rounding the resultant figure upwards to the nearest available currency unit. The determination of the Applicable Rate and the Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of willful default, fraud or manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. In no event will the rate of interest on the SEK Floating Rate Notes be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law; provided that the Calculation Agent shall not be responsible for determining if the rate of interest on the SEK Floating Rate Notes is higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. The Trustee and each Paying Agent shall not be responsible for, nor incur any liability in relation to any loss resulting from any calculation or determination made, or intended to be made, by the Calculation Agent.
277

The Calculation Agent will, upon the request of the holder of any SEK Floating Rate Note, provide the interest rate then in effect with respect to the SEK Floating Rate Notes.
Set forth below is a summary of certain of the provisions from the Indenture relating to the calculation of interest on the SEK Floating Rate Notes.
``Determination Date'' means, with respect to an Interest Period, the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period.
``Interest Period'' means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on and including the day immediately preceding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Issue Date and end on and exclude February 15, 2015.
``Representative Amount'' means the greater of (i) SEK 10,000,000 and (ii) an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
``Reuters Page Side'' means the display page so designated on Reuters (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor).
``STIBOR'' with respect to an Interest Period, means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in SEK for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date that appears on Reuters Page Side as of 11:00 a.m. Stockholm time, on the Determination Date. If Reuters Page Side does not include such a rate or is unavailable on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will request the principal Stockholm office of each of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, as selected by the Calculation Agent, to provide such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on such Determination Date, to prime banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market for deposits in a Representative Amount in SEK for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in Stockholm, as selected by the Calculation Agent, to provide such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on such Determination Date, for loans in a Representative Amount in SEK to leading European banks for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Agent Bank will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid) of the rates quoted by major banks in Stockholm, selected by the Agent Bank, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in SEK to leading European banks for three months and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time.
``TARGET Settlement Day'' means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open.
Additional Senior Notes
The Issuer may issue an unlimited principal amount of additional Senior Notes having identical terms and conditions as the Senior Notes (the ``Additional Senior Notes'' consisting of the ``Additional Euro Senior Notes'' and the ``Additional SEK Floating Rate Notes'', as the case may be) so long as such issuance is in compliance with the covenants contained in the Indenture, including the covenant restricting the Incurrence of Indebtedness (as described below under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness''). Each of the Euro Senior Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes will constitute a separate series of Senior Notes but will be treated as a single class of securities for all purposes of the Indenture, including for purposes of voting and taking all other actions by holders of the Senior Notes, except as otherwise specified in the Indenture. The Senior Notes issued in this Offering and, if issued, any Additional Senior Notes will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided for in the Indenture. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this ``Description of the Senior Notes,'' references to the ``Senior Notes'' include the Senior Notes and any Additional Senior Notes that are actually issued, references to ``Euro Senior Notes'' include the Euro Senior Notes and any Additional Euro Senior Notes that are actually issued and references to ``SEK
278

Floating Rate Notes'' include the SEK Floating Rate Notes and any Additional SEK Floating Rate Notes that are actually issued.
Methods of Receiving Payments on the Senior Notes
Principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts (defined below), if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents; provided that all such payments with respect to Senior Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by a nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof.
Principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on any certificated securities (``Definitive Registered Notes'') will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents in the City of London, in each case, maintained for such purposes. In addition, interest on the Definitive Registered Notes may be paid by check mailed to the person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes. See ``--Paying Agent and Registrar for the Senior Notes.''
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Senior Notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each a ``Paying Agent'') for the Senior Notes, including a Paying Agent in London (the ``Principal Paying Agent''). The Issuer will also undertake, to the extent possible under applicable law, to maintain a paying agent in a member state of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Council Directive 2003/48/EC regarding the taxation of savings income (the ``Directive''). The initial Paying Agent for the Senior Notes will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in London.
The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ``Registrar''). The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent in London. The initial Registrar will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg and the initial transfer agent will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in London. The Registrar, Paying Agent and transfer agent, as applicable, will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes outstanding from time to time, if any, and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Issuer. Each transfer agent shall perform the functions of a transfer agent.
The Issuer may change any Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent for the Senior Notes without prior notice to the Holders of the Senior Notes. The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar in respect of the Senior Notes. For so long as the Senior Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie).
Transfer and exchange
The Senior Notes will initially be issued in the form of registered notes in global form without interest coupons, as follows:
· The Senior Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (``QIBs'') that are also ``qualified purchasers'' within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (each, a ``Qualified Purchaser'') pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act will initially be represented by global notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``144A Global Notes'').
· The Senior Notes sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act will initially be represented by global notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Regulation S Global Notes'' and, together with the 144A Global Notes, the ``Global Notes'').
· The Global Notes will, upon issuance, be deposited with and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Ownership of interests in the Global Notes (``Book-Entry Interests'') will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or persons that may hold interests through such participants.
279

Ownership of interests in the Book-Entry Interests and transfers thereof will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and certification requirements summarized below and described more fully under ``Transfer Restrictions.'' In addition, transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear or participants in Clearstream will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, and their respective participants.
Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Notes may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the Regulation S Global Notes only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Prior to 40 days after the date of initial issuance of the Senior Notes, ownership of Book-Entry Interests in Regulation S Global Notes will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or persons who hold interests through Euroclear or Clearstream, and any sale or transfer of such interest to U.S. persons shall not be permitted during such period unless such resale or transfer is made pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. During the 40-day distribution compliance period, Book-Entry Interests in the Regulation S Global Notes may be transferred only to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S of the Securities Act or to persons whom the transferor reasonably believes are ``qualified institutional buyers'' within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act that are also Qualified Purchasers in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with applicable transfer restrictions and any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Subject to the foregoing, Regulation S Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of 144A Book-Entry Interests only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a ``qualified institutional buyer'' within the meaning of Rule 144A that is also a Qualified Purchaser in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under ``Transfer Restrictions'' and in accordance with any applicable securities law of any other jurisdiction.
Any Book-Entry Interest that is transferred as described in the immediately preceding paragraphs will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note from which it was transferred and will become a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note to which it was transferred. Accordingly, from and after such transfer, it will become subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in the Global Note to which it was transferred.
In the event of a transfer of a Senior Note (or beneficial interest therein) to a Person that is not both a QIB and a Qualified Purchaser, the Issuer may, in its discretion, either (a) compel such transferee to sell the note or its interest therein to a person who is both a QIB and a Qualified Purchaser and who is otherwise qualified to purchase the Senior Notes in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act or (b) on behalf of such transferee, sell the Senior Notes or such transferee's interest therein to a person designated by or acceptable to the Issuer at a price equal to the least of (1) the purchase price therefor paid by the original transferee, (2) 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof and (3) the fair market value thereof.
The Issuer has the right to refuse to honor a transfer of the Senior Notes or interest therein to a person who is not both a QIB and a Qualified Purchaser.
If Definitive Registered Notes are issued, they will be issued only in minimum denominations of e100,000 or SEK 1,000,000 aggregate principal amount (as applicable), and integral multiples of e1,000 or SEK 10,000 in excess thereof (as applicable), upon receipt by the Registrar of instructions relating thereto and any certificates, opinions and other documentation required by the Indenture. It is expected that such instructions will be based upon directions received by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, from the participant that owns the relevant Book-Entry Interests. Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest will, except as set forth in the Indenture or as otherwise determined by the Issuer to be in compliance with applicable law, be subject to, and will have a legend with respect to, the restrictions on transfer summarized below and described more fully under ``Transfer Restrictions.''
Subject to the restrictions on transfer referred to above, Senior Notes issued as Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred or exchanged, in whole or in part, in minimum denominations of e100,000 or SEK 1,000,000 in aggregate principal amount (as applicable), and integral multiples of e1,000 or SEK 10,000 in excess thereof (as applicable). In connection with any such transfer or exchange, the
280

Indenture will require the transferring or exchanging holder to, among other things, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, to furnish information regarding the account of the transferee at Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, to furnish certain certificates and opinions, and to pay any taxes, duties and governmental charges in connection with such transfer or exchange. Any such transfer or exchange will be made without charge to the Holder, other than any taxes, duties and governmental charges payable in connection with such transfer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer is not required to register the transfer or exchange of any Senior Notes:
(1) for a period of 15 days prior to any date fixed for the redemption of such Senior Notes;
(2) for a period of 15 days immediately prior to the date fixed for selection of such Senior Notes to be redeemed in part;
(3) for a period of 15 days prior to the record date with respect to any interest payment date applicable to such Senior Notes; or
(4) which the Holder has tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer or an Asset Disposition Offer.
The Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the transfer agent will be entitled to treat the Holder of a Senior Note as the owner of it for all purposes.
Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption
Concurrently with the closing of the offering of the Senior Notes on the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Senior Escrow Agreement with, inter alios, the Trustee and the Escrow Agent, pursuant to which the initial purchasers will deposit with the Escrow Agent an amount equal to (i) the gross proceeds of this offering of the Euro Senior Notes into the Euro Notes Escrow Account and (ii) the gross proceeds of this offering of the SEK Floating Rate Notes into the SEK Notes Escrow Account. The initial funds deposited in the Senior Notes Escrow Accounts, and all other funds, securities, interest, dividends, distributions and other property and payments credited to the Senior Notes Escrow Accounts (less any property and/or funds paid in accordance with the Senior Escrow Agreement) are referred to, collectively, as the ``Senior Notes Escrowed Property.'' The Senior Notes Escrowed Property will be controlled by the Escrow Agent, and pledged on a first ranking basis in favor of the Trustee on behalf of the Holders of the Senior Notes.
In order to cause the Escrow Agent to release the Senior Notes Escrowed Property to the Issuer (the ``Release''), the Escrow Agent and the Trustee shall have received from the Issuer, on or before the Escrow Longstop Date, an Officer's Certificate to the effect that:
(1) (i) the Acquisition will be consummated, promptly upon release of the Senior Notes Escrowed Property and (ii) no material term or condition of the Acquisition Agreement has been amended or waived in a manner or to an extent that would be materially prejudicial to the interests of Holders of the Senior Notes, other than any amendment or waiver made with the consent of Holders of a majority of the outstanding Senior Notes;
(2) immediately after consummation of the Acquisition, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer will own, directly or indirectly, the entire share capital of Lindorff; and
(3) as of the Completion Date, there are no events of bankruptcy, insolvency or court protection with respect to the Issuer or the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.
The Release will occur promptly upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth above (the date of such satisfaction, the ``Completion Date''). Upon the Release, the Senior Notes Escrowed Property will be paid out in accordance with the Senior Escrow Agreement, each respective Senior Notes Escrow Account will be reduced to zero and the Issuer will make the Proceeds Loan to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer promptly after the Release.
Prior to the Release of such proceeds from the Senior Notes Escrow Accounts, such funds may be invested in certain permitted investments including in cash and/or certain highly-related stable net asset value money market fund.
In the event that (a) the Completion Date does not take place on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date, (b) in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer, the Acquisition will not be consummated on or prior to the
281

Escrow Longstop Date, (c) the Acquisition Agreement terminates at any time on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date or (d) there is an event of bankruptcy, insolvency or court protection with respect to the Issuer on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date (the date of any such event being the ``Special Termination Date''), the Issuer will redeem all of the Notes (the ``Special Mandatory Redemption'') at a price (the ``Special Mandatory Redemption Price'') equal to 100% of the aggregate issue price of the Notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, from the Issue Date to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined below) (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date). Notice of the Special Mandatory Redemption will be delivered by the Issuer, no later than one Business Day following the Special Termination Date, to the Trustee and the Escrow Agent, and will provide that the Notes shall be redeemed on a date that is no later than the fifth Business Day after such notice is given by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Senior Notes Escrow Agreement (the ``Special Mandatory Redemption Date''). On the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Escrow Agent shall pay to the Principal Paying Agent for payment to each Holder the Special Mandatory Redemption Price for such Holder's Notes and, concurrently with the payment to such Holders, deliver any excess Senior Notes Escrowed Property (if any) to the Issuer. In the event that the Special Mandatory Redemption Price payable upon such Special Mandatory Redemption exceeds the amount of the Senior Notes Escrowed Property, one or more of the Initial Investors will be required to fund the accrued and unpaid interest, and Additional Amounts, if any, owing to the holders of the Notes, pursuant to a commitment provided by such fund(s). To secure the payment of the Special Mandatory Redemption Price, the Issuer will grant to the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a security interest over the Senior Notes Escrowed Property and its rights under the Senior Escrow Agreement. If at the time of such Special Mandatory Redemption, the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will notify the Irish Stock Exchange that the Special Mandatory Redemption has occurred and any relevant details relating to such special mandatory redemption.
Restricted Subsidiaries and Unrestricted Subsidiaries As of the Issue Date, all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. In the circumstances described below under ``--Certain Definitions--Unrestricted Subsidiary,'' the Issuer will be permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries (other than the Issuer) as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture.
Guarantees The obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Senior Notes, including any payment obligation resulting from a Change of Control, will (subject to the Agreed Security Principles) be guaranteed, jointly and severally on a senior subordinated basis, by each Subsidiary Guarantor.
282

The Guarantors, the type of Guarantee and their respective jurisdictions of incorporation will be as follows:

Lock AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Indif AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Institutional Management AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Co-Invest AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Second Holding AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Group AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Holding GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Deutschland GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Sverige Holding AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Capital AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Sverige AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Finland Oy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Oy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Invest Oy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Netherlands B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Holding Norway AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Norge AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Danmark A/S . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee

Norway Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Germany Germany Germany Sweden Norway Sweden Finland Finland Finland Netherlands Netherlands Netherlands Norway Norway Norway Denmark

The Subsidiary Guarantors will deliver the relevant Subsidiary Guarantee as soon as practicable after the Completion Date but in any case within 90 days of the Completion Date (except that Lock AS will deliver its Subsidiary Guarantee on the Completion Date).

In addition, the Issuer has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL (the ``Additional Spanish Guarantors'') to guarantee the Senior Notes on a senior basis within six months of the Completion Date. Under Spanish law, the Additional Spanish Guarantors will be required to convert their corporate form to sociedad ano´nima in order to guarantee the Senior Notes. There are certain conditions to convert the corporate form of the Additional Spanish Guarantors and for them to guarantee the Senior Notes that are outside of our direct control. See ``--Certain Covenants--Additional Spanish Guarantors and Additional Collateral'', ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Capital Structure and the Notes.'' On the Issue Date, the Senior Notes will not be guaranteed by Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL nor will the holders of the Senior Notes be entitled to the benefits of any security interests in the assets of the Additional Spanish Guarantors and there can be no assurance that the guarantees and security interests from the Additional Spanish Guarantors will be delivered.

Not all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will guarantee the Senior Notes. The Subsidiary Guarantors (including the Additional Spanish Guarantors) represented more than 80% of consolidated EBITDA of Lindorff AB (the ``Company'') for the year ended December 31, 2013 and more than 90% of consolidated assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013. Excluding the Additional Spanish Guarantors, the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors represented more than 75% of consolidated EBITDA of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and more than 80% of consolidated assets of the Company as of December 31, 2013.

The Agreed Security Principles apply to the granting of guarantees and security in favor of obligations under the Senior Notes. The Agreed Security Principles include restrictions on the granting of guarantees where, among other things, such grant would be restricted by general statutory or other legal limitations or requirements, financial assistance, corporate benefit, fraudulent preference, ``thin capitalization'' rules, retention of title claims and similar matters.

Each Subsidiary Guarantee will be limited to the maximum amount that would not render the Subsidiary Guarantor's obligations subject to avoidance under applicable fraudulent conveyance provisions or any comparable provision of applicable law, or as otherwise required under the Agreed Security Principles to

283

comply with corporate benefit, financial assistance and other laws. By virtue of this limitation, a Subsidiary Guarantor's obligation under its Subsidiary Guarantee could be significantly less than amounts payable with respect to the Senior Notes, or a Subsidiary Guarantor may have effectively no obligation under its Subsidiary Guarantee. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees-- Each Guarantee and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability,'' ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--The granting of the security interests in connection with the issuance of the Notes, or the incurrence of permitted debt in the future, may create or restart hardening periods, i.e., the periods of time following the granting of security interests during which such security interests may be challenged in accordance with the laws applicable in certain jurisdictions,'' ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and the security interest will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--The insolvency laws of Sweden or the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of the Guarantors may not be as favorable to you as the U.S. bankruptcy laws and may preclude holders of the Notes from recovering payments due on the Notes.''
The Subsidiary Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor will automatically and unconditionally terminate and release (and thereupon will terminate and discharge and be of no further force and effect) upon:
· a sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) of ownership interests in the Subsidiary Guarantor (directly or through a parent company) such that the Subsidiary Guarantor does not remain a Restricted Subsidiary, or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Subsidiary Guarantor (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary), in each case, otherwise permitted by the Indenture;
· the designation in accordance with the Indenture of the Subsidiary Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
· defeasance or discharge of the Senior Notes, as provided in ``--Defeasance'' and ``--Satisfaction and Discharge;''
· in accordance with the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement (as defined below);
· in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that after the Issue Date is required to Guarantee the Senior Notes pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Additional Guarantees,'' upon the release or discharge of the guarantee of Indebtedness by such Restricted Subsidiary that resulted in the obligation to Guarantee the Senior Notes; provided that no Event of Default would arise as a result and such Restricted Subsidiary does not guarantee any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor;
· with respect to an entity that is not the successor Subsidiary Guarantor as a result of any transaction permitted under ``--Subsidiary Guarantors'' in the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation;'' or
· as described under ``--Amendments and Waivers.''
Substantially all the operations of the Issuer are conducted through its Subsidiaries. Claims of creditors of non-guarantor Subsidiaries, including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding debt and guarantees issued by those Subsidiaries, and claims of preferred and minority stockholders (if any) of those Subsidiaries generally will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of those Subsidiaries over the claims of creditors of the Issuer and the Guarantors, including Holders of the Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and each Guarantee therefore will be effectively subordinated to creditors (including trade creditors and the obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain Hedging Obligations) and preferred and minority stockholders (if any) of Subsidiaries of the Issuer (other than the Guarantors). As of March 31, 2014, after giving effect to the Transactions, the total external interest bearing notes, loans and borrowings of the Issuer's Subsidiaries that will not guarantee the Senior Notes would have had no debt (excluding shareholder loans and finance lease obligations). Although the Indenture limits the incurrence of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries, the limitation is subject to a number of significant exceptions. Moreover, the Indenture does not impose any limitation on the incurrence by Restricted Subsidiaries of liabilities that
284

are not considered Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock under the Indenture. See ``-- Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness.''
The Subsidiary Guarantees are senior subordinated indebtedness, which means that, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantees rank behind, and are expressly subordinated to, all the existing and future Senior Indebtedness of the Subsidiary Guarantors, including any obligations under the RCF Facility Agreement and the Senior Secured Notes and any other indebtedness ranking pari passu therewith incurred after the Issue Date. The ability to take enforcement action against the Subsidiary Guarantors is subject to significant restrictions imposed by the Intercreditor Agreement, and potentially any Additional Intercreditor Agreements entered into after the Issue Date. In addition, the Subsidiary Guarantees and certain Collateral are subject to release under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to, the sale of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or pursuant to an enforcement of security over shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer taken by the Security Agent acting at the direction of an instructing group of senior secured creditors. Because of the foregoing subordination provisions, it is likely that holders of Senior Indebtedness and other creditors (including trade creditors) of the Subsidiary Guarantors would recover disproportionately more than the holders of the Senior Notes recover in any insolvency or similar proceeding relating to such entity. In any such case, there may be insufficient assets, or no assets, remaining to pay the principal of or interest on the Senior Notes after the repayment in full of all Senior Indebtedness. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes--The rights to enforce remedies with respect to certain Collateral securing the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes Guarantees are limited as long as any super senior or senior secured debt is outstanding.''
Security
The Collateral
On the Issue Date, the Senior Notes will be secured by a first-ranking security interest in the Senior Notes Escrowed Property and the Issuer's rights under the Senior Secured Notes Escrow Agreement (the ``Escrow Collateral'').
Pursuant to the Security Documents to be entered into on or about the Completion Date, the Issuer will grant in favor of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as security agent (the ``Security Agent''), liens and security interests on an equal and ratable second-priority basis, subject to the operation of the Agreed Security Principles, certain perfection requirements and any Permitted Collateral Liens, over the shares of capital stock of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer (the ``Senior Secured Notes Issuer Stock Pledge'').
Within 10 Business Days of the Completion Date, the Issuer will grant in favor of the Security Agent liens and security interests on an equal and ratable second-priority basis, subject to the operation of the Agreed Security Principles, certain perfection requirements and any Permitted Collateral Liens, over the Issuer's receivables owing from the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, including under the Proceeds Loan (together with the Senior Secured Notes Issuer Stock Pledge, the ``Second-Ranking Collateral'').
In addition, on or about the Completion Date, Lock Upper Holding AS will grant in favor of the Security Agent, liens and security interests on an equal and ratable first-priority basis, subject to the operation of the Agreed Security Principles, certain perfection requirements and any Permitted Collateral Liens over the shares of capital stock of the Issuer (the ``First-Ranking Collateral'', and together with the SecondRanking Collateral, the ``Collateral'').
Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain assets will not be pledged (or the Liens not perfected) in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles, including:
· if the cost of providing security is not proportionate to the benefit accruing to the Holders;
· if there is material incremental cost involved in creating security over all assets of a Guarantor in a particular category of assets, only the material assets in that category will be subject to security;
· if providing such security requires consent before such assets may be secured or where providing such security would give a third party the right to terminate or otherwise amend any rights, benefits and/or obligations of the Issuer or any of their Subsidiaries in respect of those assets or require any of them to take any action materially adverse to their interests and where (subject to certain conditions being met) such consent cannot be obtained after the use of reasonable endeavors;
285

· if providing such security would be prohibited by applicable law, general statutory or regulatory limitations, financial assistance, corporate benefit, capital maintenance, fraudulent preference, ``thin capitalization'' rules, tax restrictions or similar matters or if providing security would be outside the applicable pledgor's capacity or conflict with fiduciary duties of directors or bona fide contractual restrictions or cause material risk of personal or criminal liability after the use of reasonable endeavors to overcome such prohibitions or obstacles;
· if in certain jurisdictions it may be either impossible or impractical to create security over certain categories of assets, security will not be taken over such assets;
· if providing such security would have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Subsidiary to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course as otherwise permitted by the Indenture, and any requirement under the Agreed Security Principles to seek consent of any person or take or not take any other action shall be subject to this principle;
· no perfection action will be required in jurisdictions where a Guarantor is not located but perfection action may be required in the jurisdiction of one Guarantor in relation to security granted by another Guarantor located in a different jurisdiction and (where otherwise consistent with the Agreed Security Principles) in any supra-national registries agreed between the Issuer and the Security Agent from time to time;
· in the case of bank accounts, if notice is required by local law to be given to the banks with whom the accounts are maintained in order to perfect liens thereon, such notice will only be given provided that the Group is able to retain control over, and to use freely, the balance of any accounts; and
· in the case of receivables, notification of receivables security to debtors and of security over goods held by third parties will only be provided after the Senior Notes are accelerated, subject to certain exceptions.
The Second-Ranking Collateral will also secure, on an equal and ratable basis, the liabilities under the Senior Secured Notes, the RCF Facility Agreement and certain hedging arrangements and certain future Indebtedness permitted to be secured on the Second-Ranking Collateral by the Indenture. Subject to certain conditions, including compliance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--No Impairment of Security Interest,'' the Issuer is permitted to grant security over the Collateral in connection with future issuances of its Indebtedness or Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any Additional Senior Notes, in each case, as permitted under the Indenture.
Administration of Security and Enforcement of Liens
The Security Documents and the Collateral will be administered by the Security Agent, in each case pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement for the benefit of all holders of secured obligations. The enforcement of the Security Documents will be subject to the procedures set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement. For a description of the Intercreditor Agreement, see ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.''
The ability of holders of the Senior Notes to realize upon the Collateral will be subject to various bankruptcy law limitations in the event of the Issuer's or a Subsidiary Guarantor's bankruptcy. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' and ``Risk Factors-- Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability.'' In addition, the enforcement of the Collateral will be limited to the maximum amount required under the Agreed Security Principles to comply with corporate benefit, financial assistance and other laws. As a result of these limitations, the enforceable amounts of the Issuer's obligation under the Senior Notes and a Subsidiary Guarantor's obligation under its Subsidiary Guarantee could be significantly less than the total amounts payable with respect to the Senior Notes, or a Subsidiary Guarantor may have effectively no obligation under its Subsidiary Guarantee. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests'' and ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Each Guarantee and the security interests in the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability.''
286

Subject to the terms of the Security Documents, the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors will have the right to remain in possession and retain exclusive control of the Collateral securing the Senior Notes (other than as set forth in the Security Documents), to freely operate the Collateral and to collect, invest and dispose of any income therefrom. In certain jurisdictions, a security interest may not be validly created as long as the grantor of the security interest is not effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the Collateral. Therefore security interests over such parts of the Collateral will in those jurisdictions not be effectively created until following the occurrence of a Distress Event (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) that is continuing upon which the grantor is deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the relevant assets. Following such a delayed perfection certain hardening periods may apply. See ``Risk factors--The Issuers and the Guarantors will have control over the Collateral, and the sale of particular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Notes'' and ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of Guarantees and Security Interests.''
No appraisals of any of the Collateral have been prepared by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes. There can be no assurance that the proceeds from the sale of the Collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the obligations owed to the holders of the Senior Notes. By its nature, some or all of the Collateral will be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Collateral can be sold in a short period of time, if at all.
In addition, the Intercreditor Agreement places limitations on the ability of the Security Agent to cause the sale of some of the Collateral. These limitations may include requirements that some or all of the Collateral be disposed of only pursuant to public auctions or certain other competitive sales processes or only at a price confirmed by a valuation, subject to certain exceptions. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.''
The Indenture will provide that by accepting a Senior Note, each Holder will be deemed to have:
· irrevocably appointed Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as Security Agent, to act as its agent under the Intercreditor Agreement and the other relevant documents to which it is a party (including, without limitation, the Security Documents);
· irrevocably authorized the Security Agent and the Trustee to (i) perform the duties and exercise the rights, powers and discretions that are specifically given to it under the Intercreditor Agreement or other documents to which it is a party (including, without limitation, the Security Documents), together with any other incidental rights, power and discretions; and (ii) execute each document, waiver, modification, amendment, renewal or replacement expressed to be executed by the Security Agent and the Trustee on its behalf; and
· accepted the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and each Holder will also be deemed to have authorized the Security Agent and the Trustee to enter into any such Additional Intercreditor Agreement and to give effect to the provisions in the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
Priority
The relative priority with regard to the Second-Ranking Collateral as between (1) the lenders under the RCF Facility Agreement, (2) the counterparties under certain hedging contracts, (3) the Trustee and the Holders under the Indenture, and (4) the trustee in respect of the Senior Secured Notes and the holders of the Senior Secured Notes, is established by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents, which provide that the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes, the RCF Facility Agreement and such hedging contracts will receive proceeds on enforcement of security over the Second-Ranking Collateral equally and ratably on a first priority basis (provided that creditors under the RCF Facility Agreement and certain hedging counterparties will have the right to receive proceeds from enforcement of security over the Second-Ranking Collateral on a super priority basis) and the obligations under the Senior Notes will receive such proceeds on a junior basis and only after such other Indebtedness has been satisfied in full. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement.'' In addition, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreements entered into after the Issue Date, the Collateral may be pledged to secure other Indebtedness.
287

Release of Liens
The Security Agent will take any action required to effectuate any release of Collateral required by a Security Document under any one or more of the following circumstances:
(1) upon payment in full of principal, interest and all other obligations in respect of the Senior Notes issued under the Indenture or discharge or defeasance thereof in accordance with the Indenture;
(2) upon release of a Guarantee (with respect to the Liens securing such Guarantee granted by such Guarantor) in accordance with the Indenture;
(3) in connection with any disposition of Collateral, directly or indirectly, to (a) any Person other than the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (but excluding any transaction subject to ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer'') that is permitted by the Indenture (with respect to the Lien on such Collateral) or (b) the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, provided in the case of this clause (b) the relevant Collateral remains subject to, or otherwise becomes subject to, a Lien in favor of the Senior Notes (on terms substantially similar to the existing Lien on such Collateral having the same ranking as prior to such transfer); provided further that the conditions set forth in the second paragraph of the covenant ``--No Impairment of Security Interest'' is complied with;
(4) as described under ``--Amendments and Waivers;''
(5) automatically without any action by the Trustee, if the Lien granted in favor of the Indebtedness that gave rise to the obligation to grant the Lien over such Collateral is released (other than pursuant to the repayment and discharge thereof); provided that such release would otherwise be permitted by another clause above;
(6) in a transaction that complies with the provisions described in ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation;'' provided that in such a transaction where the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to exist, the Lien on the Capital Stock of the Issuer or such Subsidiary Guarantor will be released and, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, will reattach pursuant to a new share pledge (on terms substantially identical to the existing Lien on the Capital Stock of the Issuer or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable), which will be granted by such other shareholder(s) of the successor entity;
(7) if the Issuer designates any Restricted Subsidiary to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture, the release of Liens on property and assets and capital stock of such Restricted Subsidiary; and
(8) as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
Each of these releases shall be effected by the Security Agent and, to the extent it is necessary, the Trustee without the consent of the Holders.
The Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries may also, among other things, without any release or consent by the Trustee or the Security Agent, conduct ordinary course activities with respect to Collateral, including, without limitation, (i) selling or otherwise disposing of, in any transaction or series of related transactions, any property subject to the Lien under the Security Documents which has become worn out, defective or obsolete or not used or useful in the business; (ii) selling, transferring or otherwise disposing of current assets in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) any other action permitted by the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
At the request of the Issuer or any Guarantor, the Security Agent is authorized, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, to execute any document reasonably requested to evidence such release. Each of these releases shall be effected by the Security Agent without the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any action on the part of the Issuer, except as otherwise specified in the covenants referred to above.
Amendments to the Intercreditor Agreement and Additional Intercreditor Agreements
In connection with the Incurrence of any Indebtedness by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is permitted to share in the Collateral, the Trustee and the Security Agent shall, at the request of the Issuer, enter into with the Issuer, the relevant Restricted Subsidiaries and the holders of such Indebtedness (or their duly authorized representatives) one or more intercreditor agreements or deeds (including a restatement, replacement, amendment or other modification of the Intercreditor Agreement) (an ``Additional Intercreditor Agreement''), on substantially similar terms as the Intercreditor Agreement
288

(or terms that are not materially less favorable to the Holders), including containing substantially similar terms with respect to sharing of the proceeds of security and enforcement of security, priority, release of security, turnover, limitation on enforcement and other rights contained in the Intercreditor Agreement; provided that such Additional Intercreditor Agreement will not impose any personal obligations on the Trustee or Security Agent or adversely affect the personal rights, duties, liabilities, indemnification or immunities of the Trustee or the Security Agent under the Indenture or the Intercreditor Agreement. In connection with the foregoing, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee and the Security Agent such documentation in relation thereto as it may reasonably require.
In relation to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee shall consent on behalf of the Holders to the payment, repayment, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, acquisition, retirement or redemption of any obligations subordinated to the Senior Notes thereby; provided, however, that such transaction would comply with the covenant described herein under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments.''
The Indenture will also provide that, at the written direction of the Issuer and without the consent of Holders, the Trustee and the Security Agent shall from time to time enter into one or more amendments to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement to: (1) cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency of any such agreement, (2) increase the amount or types of Indebtedness covered by the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement that may be Incurred by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries that is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement or Additional Intercreditor Agreement (provided that such Indebtedness is Incurred in compliance with the Indenture), (3) add Guarantors or other Restricted Subsidiaries to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, (4) further secure the Senior Notes (including Additional Senior Notes), (5) make provision for equal and ratable pledges of the Collateral to secure Additional Senior Notes or to implement any Permitted Collateral Liens or (6) make any other change to any such agreement that does not adversely affect the Holders of Senior Notes in any material respect. The Issuer shall not otherwise direct the Trustee or Security Agent to enter into any amendment to the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement without the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding, except as otherwise permitted below under ``--Amendments and Waivers'' or as permitted by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, and the Issuer may only direct the Trustee or Security Agent to enter into any amendment to the extent such amendment does not impose any personal obligations on the Trustee or Security Agent or, in the opinion of the Trustee or Security Agent, adversely affect their respective rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
The Indenture will also provide that each Holder, by accepting a Senior Note, shall be deemed to have agreed to and accepted the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement (whether then entered into or entered into in the future pursuant to the provisions described herein) and to have authorized the Trustee and the Security Agent to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or any restatement, replacement, amendment or other modification to reflect the above on each Holder's behalf and neither the Trustee nor the Security Agent will be required to seek the consent of the Holders to perform its obligations under and in accordance with the above provisions.
A copy of the Intercreditor Agreement and/or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement shall be made available to the Holders upon request and will be made available for inspection during normal business hours on any Business Day upon prior written request at the office of the Issuer and, for so long as any Senior Notes are admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange, at the offices of Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited (the ``Listing Agent''), which are located in Dublin, Ireland.
Optional Redemption
Except as set forth herein and under ``--Redemption for Taxation Reasons'' and ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'', the Senior Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Issuer.
At any time prior to August 15, 2018, the Issuer may redeem the Euro Senior Notes in whole or in part, at its option, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Euro Senior Notes plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the redemption date.
289

At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2018, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to the percentage of principal amount set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date:

Twelve month period commencing on August 15:
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2020 and thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Percentage
104.7500% 102.3750% 100.0000%

At any time and from time to time prior to August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem the Euro Senior Notes upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice with the net cash proceeds received by the Issuer from any Equity Offering at a redemption price equal to 109.5000% plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, in an aggregate principal amount for all such redemptions not to exceed 40% of the original aggregate principal amount of the Euro Senior Notes (including Additional Euro Senior Notes), provided that:

(1) in each case the redemption takes place not later than 180 days after the closing of the related Equity Offering; and

(2) not less than 60% of the original principal amount of the Euro Senior Notes being redeemed (including the principal amount of any Additional Euro Senior Notes) remain outstanding immediately thereafter.

Optional Redemption of the SEK Floating Rate Notes
Except as set forth herein and under ``--Redemption for Taxation Reasons'' and ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption'', the SEK Floating Rate Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Issuer.
At any time prior to August 15, 2018, the Issuer may redeem the SEK Floating Rate Notes in whole or in part, at its option, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such SEK Floating Rate Notes plus the relevant SEK Floating Rate Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to, the redemption date.
At any time and from time to time on or after August 15, 2018, the Issuer may redeem the SEK Floating Rate Notes in whole or in part, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice at a redemption price equal to the percentage of principal amount set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date:

Twelve month period commencing on August 15:
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2020 and thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Percentage
105.2275% 102.61375%
100.0000%

At any time and from time to time prior to August 15, 2017, the Issuer may redeem the SEK Floating Rate Notes upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice with the net cash proceeds received by the Issuer from any Equity Offering at a redemption price equal to 110.4550% plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, in an aggregate principal amount for all such redemptions not to exceed 40% of the original aggregate principal amount of the SEK Floating Rate Notes (including Additional SEK Floating Rate Notes), provided that:

(1) in each case the redemption takes place not later than 180 days after the closing of the related Equity Offering; and

(2) not less than 60% of the original principal amount of the SEK Floating Rate Notes being redeemed (including the principal amount of any Additional SEK Floating Rate Notes) remain outstanding immediately thereafter.

Notice of any redemption upon any Equity Offering may be given prior to the completion thereof.

290

General
Any redemption and notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent (including, without limitation, in the case of a redemption related to an Equity Offering, the consummation of such Equity Offering and, in the case of a redemption of the Senior Notes, the incurrence of Indebtedness the proceeds of which will be used to redeem the Senior Notes).
If the Issuer effects an optional redemption of the Senior Notes, it will, for so long as the Senior Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, inform the Irish Stock Exchange of such optional redemption and confirm the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes that will remain outstanding immediately after such redemption.
If the optional redemption date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, the accrued and unpaid interest will be paid to the Person in whose name the Senior Note is registered at the close of business on such record date, and no additional interest will be payable to Holders whose Senior Notes will be subject to redemption by the Issuer.
Sinking Fund
The Issuer will not be required to make mandatory redemption payments or sinking fund payments with respect to the Senior Notes.
Selection and Notice
If less than all of the Euro Senior Notes or the SEK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee or the Registrar, as applicable, will select the Euro Senior Notes or the SEK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, for redemption in compliance with the requirements of the principal securities exchange, if any, on which the Euro Senior Notes or the SEK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, are listed, as certified to the Trustee or the Registrar, as applicable, by the Issuer, and in compliance with the requirements of Euroclear or Clearstream, or if the Euro Senior Notes or the SEK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, are not so listed or such exchange prescribes no method of selection and the Euro Senior Notes or the SEK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, are not held through Euroclear or Clearstream or Euroclear or Clearstream prescribe no method of selection, on a pro rata basis in respect of the Euro Senior Notes or the SEK Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be; provided, however, that no Euro Senior Note of e100,000 in aggregate principal amount or less shall be redeemed in part and only Euro Senior Notes in integral multiples of e1,000 will be redeemed and no SEK Floating Rate Notes of SEK 1,000,000 in aggregate principal amount or less shall be redeemed in part and only SEK Floating Rate Notes in integral multiplies of SEK 10,000 will be redeemed. Neither the Trustee nor the Registrar will be liable for any selections made in accordance with this paragraph.
For Senior Notes represented by global certificates held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, notices may be given by delivery to Euroclear and Clearstream for communication to entitled account holders in substitution for aforesaid mailing. So long as any Senior Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Market Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, any such notice to the Holders of the relevant Senior Notes shall to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules be posted on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie) and in addition to such release, not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, the Issuer will mail, or at the expense of the Issuer, cause to be mailed, such notice to Holders by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at their respective addresses as they appear on the registration books of the Registrar. Such notice of redemption may also be posted on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie), to the extent and in the manner permitted by the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange.
If any Senior Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Senior Note shall state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed, in which case a portion of the original Senior Note will be issued in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Senior Note. In the case of a Global Note, an appropriate notation will be made on such Senior Note to decrease the principal amount thereof to an amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof. Subject to the terms of the applicable redemption notice (including any conditions contained therein), Senior Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Senior Notes or portions of them called for redemption.
291

Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Issuer or Successor Issuer, as defined below, may redeem the Senior Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time upon giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders of the Senior Notes (which notice will be irrevocable) at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date fixed for redemption (a ``Tax Redemption Date'') (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date) and all Additional Amounts (see ``--Withholding Taxes''), if any, then due and which will become due on the Tax Redemption Date as a result of the redemption or otherwise, if any, if the Issuer, Successor Issuer or Guarantor determine in good faith that, as a result of:
(1) any change in, or amendment to, the law or treaty (or any regulations, protocols or rulings promulgated thereunder) of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined below under ``--Withholding Taxes''); or
(2) any change in, or amendment to, or the introduction of, an official position regarding the application, administration or interpretation of such laws, treaties, regulations or rulings (including a holding, judgment or order by a court of competent jurisdiction) of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (each of the foregoing in clauses (1) and (2), a ``Change in Tax Law''),
the Issuer, Successor Issuer or Guarantor are, or on the next interest payment date in respect of the Senior Notes would be, required to pay any Additional Amounts, and such obligation cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer, Successor Issuer or Guarantor (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the appointment of a new Paying Agent where this would be reasonable and not result in any material legal or regulatory burden or any significant additional costs but not including assignment of the obligation to make payment with respect to the Senior Notes). In the case of redemption due to withholding as a result of a Change in Tax Law in a jurisdiction that is a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction at the date of this Offering Memorandum, such Change in Tax Law must become effective on or after the date of this Offering Memorandum. In the case of redemption due to withholding as a result of a Change in Tax Law in a jurisdiction that becomes a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction after the date of this Offering Memorandum, such Change in Tax Law must become effective on or after the date the jurisdiction becomes a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the Change in Tax Law would have applied to the predecessor of the Successor Issuer. Notice of redemption for taxation reasons will be published in accordance with the procedures described under ``--Selection and Notice.'' Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such notice of redemption will be given (a) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Payor would be obliged to make such payment of Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Senior Notes were then due and (b) unless at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts remains in effect. Prior to the publication or mailing of any notice of redemption of the Senior Notes pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer or Successor Issuer will deliver to the Trustee (a) an Officer's Certificate stating that it is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to its right so to redeem have been satisfied and that it would not be able to avoid the obligation to pay Additional Amounts by taking reasonable measures available to it and (b) an opinion of an independent tax counsel of recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer, Successor Issuer or Guarantor has or have been or will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts as a result of a Change in Tax Law. The Trustee will accept such Officer's Certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent described above, without further inquiry, in which event it will be conclusive and binding on the Holders.
The foregoing will apply mutatis mutandis to any jurisdiction in which any successor to the Issuer is incorporated or organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority or agency thereof or therein.
Withholding Taxes
All payments made by the Issuer, a Successor Issuer or Guarantor (a ``Payor'') on the Senior Notes or the Guarantees, as defined below, will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is then required by law. If any deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of:
(1) Norway or any political subdivision or Governmental Authority thereof or therein having power to tax;
292

(2) any jurisdiction from or through which payment on any such Senior Note or Guarantee is made by the Issuer, Successor Issuer, Guarantor or their agents, or any political subdivision or Governmental Authority thereof or therein having the power to tax; or
(3) any other jurisdiction in which the Payor is incorporated or organized, engaged in a trade or business for tax purposes or otherwise considered to be a resident for tax purposes, or any political subdivision or Governmental Authority thereof or therein having the power to tax (each of clause (1), (2) and (3), a ``Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction''),
will at any time be required from any payments made by a Payor with respect to any Senior Note or Guarantee, including payments of principal, redemption price, premium, if any, or interest, the Payor will pay (together with such payments) such additional amounts (the ``Additional Amounts'') as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received in respect of such payments by the Holders or the Trustee, as the case may be, after such withholding or deduction (including any such deduction or withholding from such Additional Amounts), will equal the amounts which would have been received in respect of such payments on any such Senior Note or Guarantee in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that no such Additional Amounts will be payable for or on account of:
(1) any Taxes that would not have been so imposed but for the existence of any present or former connection between the relevant Holder or the beneficial owner of a Senior Note (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or possessor of power over the relevant Holder or beneficial owner, if the relevant Holder or beneficial owner is an estate, nominee, trust, partnership, limited liability company or corporation) and the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (including being a citizen or resident or national of, or carrying on a business or maintaining a permanent establishment in, or being physically present in, the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction) but excluding, in each case, any connection arising solely from the acquisition, ownership or holding of such Senior Note or the receipt of any payment in respect thereof;
(2) any Taxes to the extent that they are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Holder or the beneficial owner of the Senior Note to comply with a written request of the Payor addressed to the Holder, after reasonable notice, to provide certification, information, documents or other evidence concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder or such beneficial owner or to make any declaration or similar claim or satisfy any other reporting requirement relating to such matters, which is required by a statute, treaty, regulation or administrative practice of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of withholding or deduction of, all or part of such Taxes;
(3) any Taxes that are payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from a payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on the Senior Notes;
(4) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, value added, use, excise, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge;
(5) any Taxes that are required to be deducted or withheld on a payment that are required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of November 26-27, 2000 on taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to such Directives;
(6) any Taxes imposed in connection with a Senior Note presented for payment (where presentation is permitted or required for payment) by or on behalf of a Holder or beneficial owner who would have been able to avoid such Tax by presenting the relevant Senior Note to, or otherwise accepting payment from, another paying agent;
(7) any Taxes withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version of such Sections), any U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, any official interpretations thereof or any agreements (including an intergovernmental agreement or any law implementing any such agreement) entered into in connection with the implementation thereof; or
(8) any combination of the above.
Such Additional Amounts will also not be payable (x) if the payment could have been made without such deduction or withholding if the beneficiary of the payment had presented the Senior Note for payment (where presentation is permitted or required for payment) within 30 days after the relevant payment was
293

first made available for payment to the Holder or (y) where, had the beneficial owner of the Senior Note been the Holder, such beneficial owner would not have been entitled to payment of Additional Amounts by reason of any of clauses (1) to (8) inclusive above.
In addition, no Additional Amounts shall be paid with respect to any payment to any Holder who is a fiduciary or a partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such Senior Notes to the extent that the beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary, the member of such partnership or the beneficial owner of such Senior Notes would not have been entitled to Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner held such Senior Notes directly.
The Payor will (i) make any required withholding or deduction and (ii) remit the full amount deducted or withheld to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in accordance with applicable law. The Payor will use all reasonable efforts to obtain certified copies of tax receipts evidencing the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld from each Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction imposing such Taxes, in such form as provided in the ordinary course by the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction and as is reasonably available to the Issuer and will provide such certified copies to the Trustee. Such copies shall be made available to the Holders upon request. The Payor shall attach to each certified copy or other evidence, as applicable, a certificate stating (x) that the amount of Tax evidenced by the certified copy was paid in connection with payments under or with respect to the Senior Notes then outstanding upon which such Taxes were due and (y) the amount of such withholding tax paid per e1,000 or SEK 10,000 (as applicable) of principal amount of the Senior Notes.
If any Payor will be obligated to pay Additional Amounts under or with respect to any payment made on any Senior Note or Guarantee, at least 30 days prior to the date of such payment, the Payor will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amount so payable and such other information necessary to enable the Paying Agent to pay Additional Amounts to Holders on the relevant payment date (unless such obligation to pay Additional Amounts arises less than 45 days prior to the relevant payment date, in which case the Payor may deliver such Officer's Certificate as promptly as practicable after the date that is 30 days prior to the payment date). The Trustee will be entitled to rely solely on such Officer's Certificate as conclusive proof that such payments are necessary.
Wherever in either the Indenture, the Guarantees or this ``Description of the Senior Notes'' there are mentioned, in any context:
(1) the payment of principal;
(2) purchase prices in connection with a purchase of Senior Notes;
(3) interest; or
(4) any other amount payable on or with respect to any of the Senior Notes,
such reference shall be deemed to include payment of Additional Amounts as described under this heading to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof.
The Payor will pay any present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes, or any other property or similar taxes, charges or levies that arise in any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction from the execution, delivery, registration or enforcement of any Senior Notes, the Indenture, the Security Documents or any other document or instrument in relation thereto (other than a transfer of the Senior Notes), and the Payor agrees to indemnify the Holders for any such taxes paid by such Holders. The Payor will also pay any such taxes, charges, or levies arising in any taxing jurisdiction in connection with the enforcement of the Senior Notes, or any other such document or instrument, following the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes.
The foregoing obligations will survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of the Indenture and will apply mutatis mutandis to any jurisdiction in which any successor to the Issuer is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority or agency thereof or therein.
Change of Control
If a Change of Control occurs, subject to the terms hereof, each Holder will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or part (in integral multiples of e1,000 or SEK 10,000, as the case may be; provided that Euro Senior Notes of e100,000 or less may only be redeemed in whole and not in part and
294

SEK Floating Rate Notes of SEK 1,000,000 or less may only be redeemed in whole and not in part) of such Holder's Senior Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date); provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be obliged to repurchase Senior Notes as described under this ``--Change of Control'' section in the event and to the extent that it has unconditionally exercised its right to redeem all of the Senior Notes as described under ``--Optional Redemption'' or all conditions to such redemption have been satisfied or waived.
Unless the Issuer has unconditionally exercised its right to redeem all the Senior Notes as described under ``--Optional Redemption'' or all conditions to such redemption have been satisfied or waived, no later than the date that is 60 days after any Change of Control, the Issuer will mail a notice (the ``Change of Control Offer'') to each Holder of any such Senior Notes, with a copy to the Trustee:
(1) stating that a Change of Control has occurred or may occur and that such Holder has the right to require the Issuer to purchase such Holder's Senior Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of such Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on a record date to receive interest on the relevant interest payment date) (the ``Change of Control Payment'');
(2) stating the repurchase date (which shall be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed) (the ``Change of Control Payment Date'');
(3) describing the circumstances and relevant facts regarding the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control;
(4) describing the procedures determined by the Issuer, consistent with the Indenture, that a Holder must follow in order to have its Senior Notes repurchased; and
(5) if such notice is mailed prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control, stating that the Change of Control Offer is conditional on the occurrence of such Change of Control.
On the Change of Control Payment Date, if the Change of Control shall have occurred, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful:
(1) accept for payment all Senior Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
(2) deposit with the Principal Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Senior Notes so tendered;
(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes or portions thereof being purchased by the Issuer in the Change of Control Offer;
(4) in the case of Global Notes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Principal Paying Agent the Global Notes in order to reflect thereon the portion of such Senior Notes or portions thereof that have been tendered to and purchased by the Issuer; and
(5) in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the relevant Registrar for cancellation all Definitive Registered Notes accepted for purchase by the Issuer.
If any Definitive Registered Notes have been issued, the relevant Paying Agent will promptly mail to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes so tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Senior Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate (or cause to be authenticated) and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes a new Senior Note equal in aggregate principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Senior Notes surrendered, if any; provided that with respect to any new Senior Note denominated in euro, each such new Senior Note will be in an aggregate principal amount that is at least e100,000 and integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof and with respect to any new Senior Notes denominated in SEK, each such new Senior Note will be in the aggregate principal amount that is at least SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of SEK 10,000 in excess thereof.
If and for so long as the Senior Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish notices relating to the Change of Control Offer as soon as reasonably practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Dublin,
295

Ireland (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notices on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie).
The Change of Control provisions described above will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of the Indenture are applicable. Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the Holders to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Senior Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction. The existence of a Holder's right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Holder's Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control may deter a third party from seeking to acquire the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Senior Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control, or an offer or other transaction that if consummated would result in a Change of Control has been publicly announced and, if applicable, not withdrawn, at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other applicable securities laws or regulations (or rules of any exchange on which the Senior Notes are then listed) in connection with the repurchase of Senior Notes pursuant to this covenant. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations (or exchange rules) conflict with provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations (or exchange rules) and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions of the Indenture by virtue of the conflict.
Under the RCF Facility Agreement, the occurrence of a change of control would require the repayment of such debt. Future debt of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may prohibit the Issuer from purchasing Senior Notes in the event of a Change of Control or provide that a Change of Control is a default or requires repurchase upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the Holders of their right to require the Issuer to purchase the Senior Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, other debt, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of the purchase on the Issuer.
Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the Holders following the occurrence of a Change of Control may be limited by the Issuer's then existing financial resources. The occurrence of events constituting a Change of Control would also trigger the requirement that the Issuer offer to purchase the Senior Secured Notes. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make the required purchase of the Senior Notes. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--The Group may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indentures.''
Holders of the Senior Notes may not be entitled to require the Issuer to purchase their Senior Notes in certain circumstances involving a significant change in the composition of the Issuer's board of directors, including in connection with a proxy contest, where the Issuer's board of directors initially publicly opposes the election of a dissident slate of directors, but subsequently approves such directors for the purposes of the Indenture governing the Senior Notes. This may result in a change in the composition of the board of directors that, but for such subsequent approval, would have otherwise constituted a Change of Control requiring a repurchase offer under the terms of the Indenture governing the Senior Notes.
The definition of ``Change of Control'' includes a disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to specified other Persons. Although there is limited case law interpreting the phrase ``substantially all'', there is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control has occurred and whether a Holder may require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes as described above.
296

The provisions of the Indenture relating to the Issuer's obligation to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes as a result of a Change of Control may be waived or modified with the written consent of Holders of a majority in outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes under the Indenture.
Certain Covenants
Limitation on Indebtedness
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, Incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness); provided, however, that the Issuer and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may Incur Indebtedness if on the date of such Incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds thereof) as if the additional Indebtedness had been Incurred at the beginning of such four quarter period, the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Issuer's most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available immediately preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness is Incurred is at least 2.0 to 1.0; provided further that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this paragraph and clause (11) of the next paragraph by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors shall not exceed e60 million at any one time outstanding.
The first paragraph of this covenant will not prohibit the Incurrence of the following Indebtedness:
(1) Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to any Credit Facility (including letters of credit or bankers' acceptances issued or created under any Credit Facility), and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and Guarantees in respect of such Indebtedness in a maximum aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding (a) the greater of (i) e255 million and (ii) 18.4% of ERC for the Issuer's most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness is Incurred, plus (b) in the case of any refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under this clause (1) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses Incurred in connection with such refinancing;
(2) (a) Guarantees by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as (i) the Incurrence of such Indebtedness being guaranteed is permitted under the terms of the Indenture, (ii) if the Indebtedness being guaranteed is subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Notes or to a Guarantee then such Guarantee must be subordinated to the same extent as the Indebtedness being guaranteed and (iii) if the Indebtedness being guaranteed is Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor, such Restricted Subsidiary complies with the covenant described under ``--Additional Guarantees''; or
(b) without limiting the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Liens,'' Indebtedness arising by reason of any Lien granted by or applicable to such Person securing Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as the Incurrence of such Indebtedness is permitted under the terms of the Indenture;
(3) Indebtedness of the Issuer owing to and held by any Restricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to and held by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that:
(a) if the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor is the obligor under such Indebtedness and the obligee is not the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor, such Indebtedness is unsecured and ((i) except in respect of the intercompany current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the cash management operations of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) only to the extent legally permitted (the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries having completed all procedures required in the reasonable judgment of directors of officers of the obligee or obligor to protect such Persons from any penalty or civil or criminal liability in connection with the subordination of such Indebtedness)) expressly subordinated in right of payment to prior payment in full in cash (whether upon Stated Maturity, acceleration or otherwise) and the performance in full of its obligations under the Senior Notes and the Indenture; and
(b) (i) any subsequent issuance or transfer of Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such Indebtedness being beneficially held by a Person other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer and (ii) any sale or other transfer of any such Indebtedness to a Person
297

other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, shall be deemed, in each case, to constitute an Incurrence of such Indebtedness by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be;
(4) Indebtedness represented by (a) the Senior Notes (other than any Additional Senior Notes) and the Subsidiary Guarantees thereof, (b) any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness described in clauses (1) and (3) of this paragraph) outstanding on the Issue Date after giving effect to the Transactions (including the Senior Secured Notes and related Guarantees), and described under ``Capitalization'' elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum and (c) Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in respect of any Indebtedness described in sub-clause (a), (b) or (c) of this clause (4) or clause (5) of this paragraph or Incurred pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant;
(5) Indebtedness of any Person (a) Incurred and outstanding on the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or is merged, consolidated, amalgamated or otherwise combined with (including pursuant to any acquisition of assets and assumption of related liabilities) the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness Incurred in connection with, or to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) or (b) Incurred to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, with respect to each of clause (5)(a) and (5)(b), that at the time of such acquisition or other transaction (i) the Issuer would have been able to Incur e1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant after giving effect to the Incurrence of such Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (5) or (ii) the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Issuer would not be less than it was immediately prior to giving effect to such acquisition or other transaction;
(6) Indebtedness under Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements and Commodity Hedging Agreements entered into for bona fide hedging purposes of the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries and not for speculative purposes (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or Senior Management of the Issuer);
(7) Indebtedness represented by Capitalized Lease Obligations or Purchase Money Obligations, and in each case any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which, when taken together with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (7) and then outstanding, will not exceed at any time the greater of (A) e40 million and (B) 2.25% of Total Assets;
(8) Indebtedness in respect of (a) workers' compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, performance, indemnity, surety, judgment, appeal, advance payment, customs, VAT or other tax or other guarantees or other similar bonds, instruments or obligations and completion guarantees and warranties provided by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or relating to liabilities, obligations or guarantees Incurred in the ordinary course of business or in respect of any governmental requirement, (b) letters of credit, bankers' acceptances, guarantees or other similar instruments or obligations issued or relating to liabilities or obligations Incurred in the ordinary course of business or in respect of any governmental requirement; provided, however, that upon the drawing of such letters of credit or similar instruments, the obligations are reimbursed within 30 days following such drawing, (c) the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business and (d) any customary cash management, cash pooling or netting or setting off arrangements in the ordinary course of business;
(9) Indebtedness arising from agreements providing for customary guarantees, indemnification, obligations in respect of earn-outs or other adjustments of purchase price or, in each case, similar obligations, in each case, Incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business or assets or Person or any Capital Stock of a Subsidiary (other than Guarantees of Indebtedness Incurred by any Person acquiring or disposing of such business or assets or such Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition or disposition); provided that, in the case of a disposition, the maximum liability of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of all such Indebtedness shall at no time exceed the gross proceeds, including the fair market value of non-cash proceeds (measured at the time received and without giving effect to any subsequent changes in value), actually received by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such disposition;
298

(10) (a) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; provided, however, that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five Business Days of Incurrence;
(b) take-or-pay obligations, customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods or services purchased in the ordinary course of business;
(c) Indebtedness owed on a short-term basis of no longer than 30 days to banks and other financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries with such banks or financial institutions that arises in connection with ordinary banking arrangements to manage cash balances of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries; and
(d) Indebtedness incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with bankers acceptances, discounted bills of exchange or the discounting or factoring of receivables for credit management of bad debt purposes, in each case incurred or undertaken in the ordinary course of business on arm's length commercial terms on a recourse basis;
(11) Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which, when taken together with any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and the aggregate principal amount of all other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (11) and then outstanding, will not exceed the greater of e85 million and 6.1% of ERC; provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (11) and under the first paragraph of this covenant by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors shall not exceed e60 million at any one time outstanding;
(12) Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which, when taken together with any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and the principal amount of all other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (12) and then outstanding, will not exceed 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer from the issuance or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of its Subordinated Shareholder Funding or its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock, Designated Preference Shares or an Excluded Contribution) or otherwise contributed to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock, Designated Preference Shares or an Excluded Contribution) of the Issuer, in each case, subsequent to the Issue Date; provided, however, that (i) any such Net Cash Proceeds that are so received or contributed shall be excluded for purposes of making Restricted Payments under the first paragraph and clauses (1), (6)(ii) and (10)(a) of the third paragraph of the covenant described below under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' to the extent the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries incur Indebtedness in reliance thereon and (ii) any Net Cash Proceeds that are so received or contributed shall be excluded for purposes of Incurring Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (12) to the extent the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes a Restricted Payment under the first paragraph and clauses (1), (6)(ii) and (10)(a) of the third paragraph of the covenant described below under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' in reliance thereon;
(13) Indebtedness Incurred by a Receivables Subsidiary in a Qualified Receivables Financing;
(14) Indebtedness under daylight borrowing facilities incurred in connection with any refinancing of Indebtedness (including by way of set-off or exchange) so long as any such Indebtedness is repaid within three days of the date on which such Indebtedness is Incurred; and
(15) Indebtedness consisting of local lines of credit or working capital facilities not exceeding e20 million outstanding at any one time.
For purposes of determining compliance with, and the outstanding principal amount of any particular Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to and in compliance with, this covenant:
(1) in the event that Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in the first and second paragraphs of this covenant, the Issuer, in its sole discretion, will classify, and may from time to time reclassify, such item of Indebtedness and only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one of the clauses of the second paragraph or the first paragraph of this covenant; provided that Indebtedness Incurred under clause (1) of the second paragraph of this covenant cannot be reclassified;
(2) all Indebtedness outstanding on the Issue Date under the RCF Facility Agreement shall be deemed Incurred on the Issue Date under clause (1) of the second paragraph of the description of this covenant and not the first paragraph or clause (4)(b) of the second paragraph of the description of this covenant;
299

(3) Guarantees of, or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments or any ``parallel debt'' obligation relating to, or Liens securing, Indebtedness that is otherwise included in the determination of a particular amount of Indebtedness shall not be included;
(4) if obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments are Incurred pursuant to any Credit Facility and are being treated as Incurred pursuant to clause (1), (7), (11), (12) or (15) of the second paragraph above or the first paragraph above and the letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments relate to other Indebtedness, then such other Indebtedness shall not be included;
(5) the principal amount of any Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, will be equal to the greater of the maximum mandatory redemption or repurchase price (not including, in either case, any redemption or repurchase premium) or the liquidation preference thereof;
(6) Indebtedness permitted by this covenant need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such Indebtedness but may be permitted in part by one such provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this covenant permitting such Indebtedness; and
(7) the amount of Indebtedness issued at a price that is less than the principal amount thereof will be equal to the amount of the liability in respect thereof determined on the basis of IFRS.
Accrual of interest, accrual of dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness, the payment of dividends in the form of additional shares of Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock or the reclassification of commitments or obligations not treated as Indebtedness due to a change in IFRS will not be deemed to be an Incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of the covenant described under this ``--Limitation on Indebtedness.'' The amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of any date shall be calculated as specified under the definition of ``Indebtedness.''
If at any time an Unrestricted Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary shall be deemed to be Incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer as of such date.
For purposes of determining compliance with any euro-denominated restriction on the Incurrence of Indebtedness, the euro equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in another currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was Incurred, in the case of term Indebtedness, or first committed, in the case of Indebtedness Incurred under a revolving credit facility; provided that (a) if such Indebtedness is Incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than euro, and such refinancing would cause the applicable euro-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such euro-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the aggregate principal amount of such Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced; (b) the euro equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of any such Indebtedness outstanding on the Issue Date shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the Issue Date; and (c) if and for so long as any such Indebtedness is subject to a Currency Agreement with respect to the currency in which such Indebtedness is denominated covering principal and interest on such Indebtedness, the amount of such Indebtedness, if denominated in euro, will be the amount of the principal payment required to be made under such Currency Agreement and, otherwise, the euro equivalent of such amount plus the euro equivalent of any premium which is at such time due and payable but is not covered by such Currency Agreement.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this covenant, the maximum amount of Indebtedness that the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary may Incur pursuant to this covenant shall not be deemed to be exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies. The principal amount of any Indebtedness Incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if Incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such Refinancing Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing.
Neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor will incur any Indebtedness (including any Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred pursuant to the second paragraph of this covenant) that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or such Guarantor unless (a) in the case of the
300

Issuer, such Indebtedness is also contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Notes on substantially identical terms (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) or (b) in the case of any Guarantor, such Indebtedness is pari passu in right of payment with the Guarantee of the Senior Notes or is also by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of such Guarantor; provided, however, that no Indebtedness will be deemed to be contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor solely by virtue of being unsecured, by virtue of being secured with different collateral, by virtue of being secured on a junior priority basis or by virtue of the application of waterfall or other payment-ordering provisions affecting different tranches of Indebtedness under Credit Facilities.
Limitation on Restricted Payments
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, to:
(1) declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution on or in respect of the Issuer's or any Restricted Subsidiary's Capital Stock (including any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) except:
(a) dividends or distributions payable in Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock) or in options, warrants or other rights to purchase such Capital Stock of the Issuer or in Subordinated Shareholder Funding; and
(b) dividends or distributions payable to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (and, in the case of any such Restricted Subsidiary making such dividend or distribution, to holders of its Capital Stock other than the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary on no more than a pro rata basis, measured by value);
(2) purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value (including, without limitation, any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Issuer) any Capital Stock of the Issuer or any direct or indirect Parent of the Issuer held by Persons other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than in exchange for Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock));
(3) make any principal payment on, or purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value, prior to scheduled maturity, scheduled repayment or scheduled sinking fund payment, any Subordinated Indebtedness (other than (a) any such payment, purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement or in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case, due within one year of the date of purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement and (b) any Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to clause (3) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness''); or
(4) make any payment (other than by capitalization of interest) on or with respect to, or purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value, any Subordinated Shareholder Funding; or
(5) make any Restricted Investment in any Person
(any such dividend, distribution, payment, purchase, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, other acquisition, retirement or Restricted Investment referred to in clauses (1) through (5) are referred to herein as a ``Restricted Payment''), if at the time the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary makes such Restricted Payment:
(a) a Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or would result immediately thereafter therefrom);
(b) the Issuer is not able to Incur an additional e1.00 of Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph under the ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant after giving effect, on a pro forma basis, to such Restricted Payment; or
(c) the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payment and all other Restricted Payments made subsequent to the Issue Date (and not returned or rescinded) (including Permitted Payments permitted below by clauses (5), (6), (10), (11), (12) and (17) of the second succeeding paragraph,
301

but excluding all other Restricted Payments permitted by the second succeeding paragraph) would exceed the sum of (without duplication):
(i) 50% of Consolidated Net Income for the period (treated as one accounting period) from the first day of the first fiscal quarter commencing prior to the Issue Date to the end of the most recent fiscal quarter ending prior to the date of such Restricted Payment for which internal consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available (or, in the case such Consolidated Net Income is a deficit, minus 100% of such deficit);
(ii) 100% of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds, and the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph) of property or assets or marketable securities, received by the Issuer from the issue or sale of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) or Subordinated Shareholder Funding subsequent to the Issue Date or otherwise contributed to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer subsequent to the Issue Date (other than (w) Net Cash Proceeds or property or assets or marketable securities received from an issuance or sale of such Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding on or prior to the Completion Date as described under ``--Capitalization--Equity (including Shareholder Notes)'', (x) Net Cash Proceeds or property or assets or marketable securities received from an issuance or sale of such Capital Stock to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, (y) Net Cash Proceeds or property or assets or marketable securities to the extent that any Restricted Payment has been made from such proceeds in reliance on clause (1) or (6) of the second succeeding paragraph and (z) Excluded Contributions);
(iii) 100% of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds, and the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph) of property or assets or marketable securities, received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary from the issuance or sale (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary subsequent to the Issue Date of any Indebtedness that has been converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) or Subordinated Shareholder Funding (plus the amount of any cash, and the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph) of property or assets or marketable securities, received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary upon such conversion or exchange);
(iv) the amount equal to the net reduction in Restricted Investments made by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries resulting from:
(A) repurchases, redemptions or other acquisitions or retirements of any such Restricted Investment, proceeds realized upon the sale or other disposition to a Person other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of any such Restricted Investment, repayments of loans or advances or other transfers of assets (including by way of dividend, distribution, interest payments or returns of capital) to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; or
(B) the redesignation of Unrestricted Subsidiaries as Restricted Subsidiaries or the merger or consolidation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (valued at the fair market value of the Issuer's Restricted Investment in such Subsidiary) or the transfer of all of the assets of such Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (valued at the fair market value of the property received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary),
which amount, in each case under this clause (iv), was included in the calculation of the amount of Restricted Payments referred to in the first sentence of this clause (c); provided, however, that no amount will be included in Consolidated Net Income for purposes of the preceding clause (i) to the extent that it is (at the Issuer's option) included under this clause (iv); and
302

(v) the amount of the cash and the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph) of property or assets or of marketable securities received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with:
(A) the sale or other disposition (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) of Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; and
(B) any dividend or distribution made by an Unrestricted Subsidiary or Affiliate to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;
in each case, which Unrestricted Subsidiary was designated as such after the Issue Date; provided, however, that no amount will be included in Consolidated Net Income for purposes of the preceding clause (i) to the extent that it is (at the Issuer's option) included under this clause (v).
The fair market value of property or assets other than cash covered by the preceding sentence shall be the fair market value thereof as determined in good faith by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
The foregoing provisions will not prohibit any of the following (collectively, ``Permitted Payments''):
(1) the making of any Restricted Payment in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale or issuance of, Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares), Subordinated Shareholder Funding or a substantially concurrent contribution to the equity (in each case, other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares or through an Excluded Contribution and to the extent that any Restricted Payment has been made from such proceeds in reliance on clause (6)(ii) below) of the Issuer;
provided, however, that to the extent so applied, the Net Cash Proceeds, or fair market value (as determined in accordance with the preceding sentence) of property or assets or of marketable securities, from such sale of Capital Stock, Subordinated Shareholder Funding or such contribution will be excluded from clause (c)(ii) of the first paragraph describing this covenant;
(2) any purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' above;
(3) any purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of (a) Preferred Stock of the Issuer made by exchange for or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of Preferred Stock of the Issuer or (b) Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary made by exchange for or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of Preferred Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary, that, in each case, is permitted to be Incurred pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' above, and that in each case, constitutes Refinancing Indebtedness;
(4) any purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness:
(a) (i) from Net Available Cash to the extent permitted under ``--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' below, but only if the Issuer shall have first complied with the terms described under ``--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' and purchased all Senior Notes tendered pursuant to any offer to repurchase all the Senior Notes required thereby, prior to purchasing, repurchasing, redeeming, defeasing or otherwise acquiring or retiring such Subordinated Indebtedness and (ii) at a purchase price not greater than 100% of the principal amount of such Subordinated Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest;
(b) to the extent required by the agreement governing such Subordinated Indebtedness, following the occurrence of a Change of Control (or other similar event described therein as a ``change of control''), but only (i) if the Issuer shall be required to make a Change of Control Offer under ``--Change of Control'' and shall have first complied with the terms described under ``--Change of
303

Control'' and purchased all Senior Notes tendered pursuant to the offer to repurchase all the Senior Notes required thereby, prior to purchasing, repurchasing, redeeming, defeasing or otherwise acquiring or retiring such Subordinated Indebtedness and (ii) at a purchase price not greater than 101% of the principal amount of such Subordinated Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest; or
(c) (i) consisting of Acquired Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness Incurred (A) to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) otherwise in connection with or contemplation of such acquisition) and (ii) at a purchase price not greater than 100% of the principal amount of such Subordinated Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest and any premium required by the terms of any Acquired Indebtedness;
(5) any dividends paid within, or redemption or repurchase consummated within, 60 days after the date of declaration or the giving of the redemption or repayment notice if at such date of declaration or notice such dividend or redemption or repayment, as the case may be, would have complied with this covenant;
(6) the purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition, cancellation or retirement for value of Capital Stock of any Parent, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof) and loans, advances, dividends or distributions by the Issuer to any Parent to permit any Parent to purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire, cancel or retire for value Capital Stock of any Parent, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof), or payments to purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire, cancel or retire for value Capital Stock of any Parent, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof), in each case from Management Investors; provided that such payments, loans, advances, dividends or distributions do not exceed an amount (net of repayments of any such loans or advances) equal to (i) e7.5 million plus e2 million in each calendar year after the Issue Date (with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to the next two succeeding calendar years) plus (ii) the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries since the Issue Date (including through receipt of proceeds from the issuance or sale of its Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding to a Parent) from, or as a contribution to the equity (in each case under this clause (6), other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer from, the issuance or sale to Management Investors of Capital Stock (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof), to the extent such Net Cash Proceeds are not included in any calculation under clause (c)(ii) of the first paragraph describing this covenant;
(7) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock, or of any Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, Incurred in accordance with the terms of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' above;
(8) purchases, repurchases, redemptions, defeasances or other acquisitions or retirements of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof if such Capital Stock represents a portion of the exercise price thereof;
(9) dividends, loans, advances or distributions to any Parent or other payments by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in amounts equal to (without duplication):
(a) the amounts required for any Parent to pay any Parent Expenses or any Related Taxes; or
(b) amounts constituting or to be used for purposes of making payments (i) of fees and expenses Incurred in connection with the Transactions or (ii) to the extent specified in clauses (2), (3), (5), (7) (only to the extent that such payments do not exceed the amount of tax that the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries would owe without taking into account the Tax Sharing Agreement with such Parent or Unrestricted Subsidiary and provided that the related tax liabilities of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries are relieved thereby), (11) (only so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom) and (12) of the second paragraph under ``--Limitation on Affiliate Transactions;''
(10) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result from), the declaration and payment by the Issuer of, or loans, advances, dividends or distributions to any Parent to
304

pay, dividends on the common stock or common equity interests of the Issuer or any Parent following a Public Offering of such common stock or common equity interests, in an amount not to exceed in any fiscal year the greater of (a) 6% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer from such Public Offering or contributed to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares or through an Excluded Contribution) of the Issuer or loaned as Subordinated Shareholder Funding to the Issuer and (b) following the Initial Public Offering, an amount equal to the greater of (i) the greater of (A) 7% of the Market Capitalization and (B) 7% of the IPO Market Capitalization; provided that after giving pro forma effect to such loans, advances, dividends or distributions, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall be equal to or less than 3.00 to 1.00 and (ii) the greater of (A) 5% of the Market Capitalization and (B) 5% of the IPO Market Capitalization; provided that after giving pro forma effect to such loans, advances, dividends or distributions, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall be equal to or less than 3.50 to 1.00;
(11) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result from), Restricted Payments (including loans or advances) in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed e35 million;
(12) payments by the Issuer, or loans, advances, dividends or distributions to any Parent to make payments, to holders of Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares of such Capital Stock, provided, however, that any such payment, loan, advance, dividend or distribution shall not be for the purpose of evading any limitation of this covenant or otherwise to facilitate any dividend or other return of capital to the holders of such Capital Stock (as determined in good faith by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer);
(13) Investments in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the aggregate cash amount of Excluded Contributions, or consisting of non-cash Excluded Contributions, or Investments to the extent made in exchange for or using as consideration Investments previously made under this clause (13);
(14) (i) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preference Shares of the Issuer issued after the Issue Date; and (ii) the declaration and payment of dividends to any Parent or any Affiliate thereof, the proceeds of which will be used to fund the payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preference Shares of such Parent issued after the Issue Date; provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), the amount of all dividends declared or paid pursuant to this clause (14) shall not exceed the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer or the aggregate amount contributed in cash to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or an Excluded Contribution or, in the case of Designated Preference Shares by Parent or an Affiliate, the issuance of Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer or loaned as Subordinated Shareholder Funding to the Issuer, from the issuance or sale of such Designated Preference Shares;
(15) dividends or other distributions of Capital Stock of Unrestricted Subsidiaries;
(16) payment of any Receivables Fees and purchases of Receivables Assets pursuant to a Receivables Repurchase Obligation in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing; and
(17) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result therefrom), any dividend, distribution, loan or other payment to any Parent; provided that the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Issuer on a pro forma basis after giving effect to any such dividend, distribution, loan or other payment does not exceed 2.75 to 1.00.
The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) shall be the fair market value on the date of such Restricted Payment of the asset(s) or securities proposed to be paid, transferred or issued by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to such Restricted Payment. The fair market value of any cash Restricted Payment shall be its face amount, and the fair market value of any non-cash Restricted Payment shall be determined conclusively by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer acting in good faith. For purposes hereof, unsecured Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be subordinate or junior to Indebtedness that is secured by virtue of it not being secured.
Limitation on Liens
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, Incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets (including Capital Stock of a Restricted
305

Subsidiary of the Issuer), whether owned on the Issue Date or acquired after that date, or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom, which Lien is securing any Indebtedness (such Lien, the ``Initial Lien''), except (a) in the case of any property or asset that does not constitute Collateral, (1) Permitted Liens or (2) Liens on property or assets that are not Permitted Liens if the Senior Notes and the Indenture (or a Guarantee in the case of Liens of a Guarantor) are directly secured equally and ratably with, junior to, in the case of Liens with respect to Senior Indebtedness, or prior to, in the case of Liens with respect to Subordinated Indebtedness, the Indebtedness secured by such Initial Lien for so long as such Indebtedness is so secured, and (b) in the case of any property or asset that constitutes Collateral, Permitted Collateral Liens.
Any such Lien created in favor of the Senior Notes pursuant to clause (a)(2) of the preceding paragraph will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon (i) the release and discharge of the Initial Lien to which it relates, and (ii) otherwise as set forth under ``--Security--Release of Liens.''
Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create or otherwise cause or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to:
(A) pay dividends or make any other distributions in cash or otherwise on its Capital Stock held by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or pay any Indebtedness or other obligations owed to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(B) make any loans or advances to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; or
(C) sell, lease or transfer any of its property or assets to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary,
provided that (x) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior to dividends or liquidating distributions being paid on common stock and (y) the subordination of (including the application of any standstill requirements to) loans or advances made to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to other Indebtedness Incurred by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to constitute such an encumbrance or restriction.
The provisions of the preceding paragraph will not prohibit:
(1) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to (a) any Credit Facility (including the RCF Finance Documents) or (b) any other agreement or instrument, in each case, in effect at or entered into on the Issue Date, including, without limitation, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Senior Secured Notes, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Notes, the Indenture and the Security Documents;
(2) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to an agreement or instrument of a Person or relating to any Capital Stock or Indebtedness of a Person, entered into on or before the date on which such Person was acquired by or merged, consolidated or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, or was designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or on which such agreement or instrument is assumed by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets (other than Capital Stock or Indebtedness Incurred as consideration in, or to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate, the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was acquired by the Issuer or was merged, consolidated or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary entered into or in connection with such transaction) and outstanding on such date;
(3) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to an agreement or instrument effecting a refinancing of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to, or that otherwise refinances, an agreement or instrument referred to in clause (1) or (2) of this paragraph or this clause (3) (an ``Initial Agreement'') or contained in any amendment, supplement or other modification to an agreement referred to in clause (1) or (2) of this paragraph or this clause (3); provided, however, that the encumbrances and restrictions with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary contained in any such agreement or instrument are no less favorable in any material respect to the Holders taken as a whole than the encumbrances and restrictions contained in the Initial Agreement or Initial Agreements to which such refinancing or amendment, supplement or other modification relates (as determined in good faith by the Issuer);
306

(4) any encumbrance or restriction:
(a) that restricts in a customary manner the subletting, assignment or transfer of any property or asset that is subject to a lease, license or similar contract, or the assignment or transfer of any lease, license or other contract;
(b) contained in mortgages, pledges, charges or other security agreements permitted under the Indenture or securing Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary permitted under the Indenture to the extent such encumbrances or restrictions restrict the transfer of the property or assets subject to such mortgages, pledges, charges or other security agreements; or
(c) pursuant to customary provisions restricting dispositions of real property interests set forth in any reciprocal easement agreements of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(5) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to Purchase Money Obligations and Capitalized Lease Obligations permitted under the Indenture, in each case, that impose encumbrances or restrictions on the property so acquired or any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to a joint venture agreement that imposes restrictions on the transfer of the assets of the joint venture;
(6) any encumbrance or restriction with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary (or any of its property or assets) imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the direct or indirect sale or disposition to a Person of all or substantially all the Capital Stock or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the property or assets that are subject to such restriction) pending the closing of such sale or disposition;
(7) customary provisions in leases, licenses, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements and instruments entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(8) encumbrances or restrictions arising or existing by reason of applicable law or any applicable rule, regulation or order, or required by any regulatory authority;
(9) any encumbrance or restriction on cash or other deposits or net worth imposed by customers or suppliers, or as required by insurance, surety or bonding companies or indemnities, in each case, under agreements or policies entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(10) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements or Commodity Hedging Agreements;
(11) any encumbrance or restriction arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to the provisions of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' if the encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such agreement or instrument taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to the Holders than (i) the encumbrances and restrictions contained in the RCF Facility Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, together with the security documents associated therewith as in effect on the Completion Date or (ii) in comparable financings (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) and where the Issuer determines when such Indebtedness is Incurred that such encumbrances or restrictions will not adversely affect, in any material respect, the Issuer's ability to make principal or interest payments on the Senior Notes;
(12) any encumbrance or restriction existing by reason of any lien permitted under ``--Limitation on Liens''; or
(13) restrictions effected in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing that, in the good faith determination of an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer, are necessary or advisable to effect such Qualified Receivables Financing.
Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any Asset Disposition unless:
(1) the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise) at least equal to the fair market value (such fair market value to be determined on the date of contractually agreeing to such Asset Disposition), as determined in good faith by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer, of the shares and assets subject to such Asset Disposition (including, for the avoidance of doubt, if such Asset Disposition is a Permitted Asset Swap);
307

(2) in any such Asset Disposition, or series of related Asset Dispositions (except to the extent the Asset Disposition is a Permitted Asset Swap), at least 75% of the consideration from such Asset Disposition (excluding any consideration by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than Indebtedness) received by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash, Cash Equivalents or Temporary Cash Investments; and
(3) an amount equal to 100% of the Net Available Cash from such Asset Disposition is applied by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be:
(a) to the extent the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, elects (or is required by the terms of any Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary), within 365 days from the later of (A) the date of such Asset Disposition and (B) the receipt of such Net Available Cash, (i) to prepay, repay or purchase any Senior Indebtedness; provided, however, that, in connection with any prepayment, repayment or purchase of Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (a), the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary will retire such Indebtedness and will cause the related commitment (if any) to be permanently reduced in an amount equal to the principal amount so prepaid, repaid or purchased; (ii) to prepay, repay or purchase Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness at a price of no more than 100% of the principal amount of such Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of such prepayment, repayment or purchase; provided that the Issuer shall redeem, repay or repurchase Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (ii) only if the Issuer makes (at such time or subsequently in compliance with this covenant) an offer to all Holders of the Senior Notes to purchase their Senior Notes at a purchase price equal to or greater than 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not including) the date of purchase and/or pursuant to the redemption provisions set forth above under the caption ``--Optional Redemption'' on a pro rata basis with any such other Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness that is purchased; or (iii) to prepay, repay or purchase any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien (other than a Permitted Collateral Lien) on the assets or property which were the subject of the Asset Disposition (other than Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor or Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary);
(b) redeem Senior Notes or purchase Senior Notes pursuant to an offer to all Holders at a purchase price equal to at least 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (at the option of the Issuer or Restricted Subsidiary) and/or pursuant to the redemption provisions set forth above under the caption ``--Optional Redemption'';
(c) to the extent the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary elects, to invest in or commit to invest in Additional Assets (including by means of an investment in Additional Assets by a Restricted Subsidiary with Net Available Cash received by the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary) within 365 days from the later of (i) the date of such Asset Disposition and (ii) the receipt of such Net Available Cash; provided, however, that any such reinvestment in Additional Assets made pursuant to a definitive binding agreement or a commitment approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer that is executed or approved within such time will satisfy this requirement, so long as such investment is consummated within 180 days of such 365th day; or
(d) any combination of the foregoing,
provided that, pending the final application of any such Net Available Cash in accordance with clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above, the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries may temporarily reduce Indebtedness or otherwise invest such Net Available Cash in any manner not prohibited by the Indenture.
For purposes of determining compliance with the provisions of this covenant, the euro equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of SEK Floating Rate Notes or any other Indebtedness denominated in another currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the Issue Date, with respect to the SEK Floating Rate Notes or, with respect to any such other Indebtedness, the date such Indebtedness was Incurred.
Any Net Available Cash from Asset Dispositions that is not applied or invested or committed to be applied or invested as provided in the preceding paragraph will be deemed to constitute ``Excess Proceeds'' under the Indenture. On the 366th day after the later of (A) the date of such Asset Disposition and (B) the receipt of such Net Available Cash, or at such earlier date that the Issuer elects, if the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds under the Indenture exceeds e20 million, the Issuer will be
308

required to make an offer (``Asset Disposition Offer'') to all Holders of Senior Notes issued under the Indenture and, to the extent the Issuer elects, to all holders of other outstanding Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness, to purchase the maximum aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes and any such Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness to which the Asset Disposition Offer applies that may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds, at an offer price in respect of the Senior Notes in an amount equal to (and, in the case of any Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness, an offer price of no more than) 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes and 100% of the principal amount of such Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase, in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture or the agreements governing such Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness, as applicable, and in minimum denominations of e100,000 and in integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof or SEK 1,000,000 aggregate principal amount and integral multiples of SEK 10,000 in excess thereof (in the case of the SEK Floating Rate Notes). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary may make an Asset Disposition Offer prior to the expiration of the 366-day period referred to above.
To the extent that the aggregate amount of Senior Notes and Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to an Asset Disposition Offer is less than the Excess Proceeds, the Issuer may use any remaining Excess Proceeds for general corporate purposes, subject to other covenants contained in the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes surrendered in any Asset Disposition Offer by Holders and other Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness surrendered by holders or lenders, collectively, exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, the Excess Proceeds shall be allocated among the Senior Notes and Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness to be purchased on a pro rata basis on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of tendered Senior Notes and Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness. For the purposes of calculating the aggregate principal amount of any such Indebtedness not denominated in euro, such Indebtedness shall be calculated by converting any such aggregate principal amounts into their euro equivalent determined as of a date selected by the Issuer that is within the Asset Disposition Offer Period (as defined below). Upon completion of any Asset Disposition Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero.
Any Net Available Cash payable in respect of the Senior Secured Notes pursuant to this covenant will be allocated between the Euro Senior Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes in proportion to the respective aggregate principal amounts of Euro Senior Notes and SEK Floating Rate Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn.
To the extent that any portion of Net Available Cash payable in respect of the Senior Notes is denominated in a currency other than the currency in which the relevant Senior Notes are denominated, the amount thereof payable in respect of such Senior Notes shall not exceed the net amount of funds in the currency in which such Senior Notes are denominated that is actually received by the Issuer upon converting such portion into such currency.
The Asset Disposition Offer, in so far as it relates to the Senior Notes, will remain open for a period of not less than 20 Business Days following its commencement (the ``Asset Disposition Offer Period''). No later than five Business Days after the termination of the Asset Disposition Offer Period (the ``Asset Disposition Purchase Date''), the Issuer will purchase the aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes and, to the extent it elects, Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness required to be purchased pursuant to this covenant (the ``Asset Disposition Offer Amount'') or, if less than the Asset Disposition Offer Amount has been so validly tendered, all Senior Notes and Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness validly tendered in response to the Asset Disposition Offer.
On or before the Asset Disposition Purchase Date, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful, accept for payment, on a pro rata basis to the extent necessary, the Asset Disposition Offer Amount of Senior Notes and Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness or portions of Senior Notes and such Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Asset Disposition Offer, or if less than the Asset Disposition Offer Amount has been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn, all Senior Notes and Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn and in minimum denominations of e100,000 and in integral multiples of e1,000 in excess thereof or SEK 1,000,000 aggregate principal amount and integral multiples of SEK 10,000 in excess thereof (in the case of the SEK Floating Rate Notes). The Issuer will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that such Senior Notes or portions thereof were accepted for payment by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of this covenant. The Issuer or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, will promptly (but in any case not later than five Business Days after termination of the Asset Disposition Offer Period) mail or
309

deliver to each tendering Holder of Senior Notes an amount equal to the purchase price of the Senior Notes so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn by such Holder, and accepted by the Issuer for purchase, and the Issuer will promptly issue a new Senior Note (or amend the Global Note), and the Trustee, upon delivery of an Officer's Certificate from the Issuer, will authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) such new Senior Note to such Holder, in an aggregate principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Senior Note surrendered; provided that each such new Senior Note will be in an aggregate principal amount with a minimum denomination of e100,000 or SEK 1,000,000 (as applicable). Any Senior Note not so accepted will be promptly mailed or delivered (or transferred by book entry) by the Issuer to the Holder thereof.
For the purposes of clause (2) of the first paragraph of this covenant, the following will be deemed to be cash:
(1) the assumption by the transferee of Indebtedness of the Issuer or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary (other than Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor) and the release of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from all liability on such Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Disposition;
(2) securities, notes or other obligations received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer from the transferee that are converted by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents within 180 days following the closing of such Asset Disposition;
(3) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Asset Disposition, to the extent that the Issuer and each other Restricted Subsidiary are released from any Guarantee of payment of such Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Disposition; provided that such Indebtedness is not, directly or indirectly, secured by any Lien on any of the assets or property of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer);
(4) consideration consisting of Indebtedness of the Issuer (other than Subordinated Indebtedness) received after the Issue Date from Persons who are not the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(5) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Dispositions having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this covenant that is at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of e25 million and 1.4% of Total Assets (with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value); and
(6) any Capital Stock or assets of a kind referred to in clause (3)(c) of the first paragraph of this covenant.
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations (or rules of any exchange on which the Senior Notes are then listed) in connection with the repurchase of Senior Notes pursuant to the Indenture. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations (or exchange rules) conflict with provisions of this covenant, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations (or exchange rules) and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Indenture by virtue of any conflict.
Limitation on Affiliate Transactions
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into or conduct any transaction or series of related transactions (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the Issuer (any such transaction or series of related transactions, ``Affiliate Transaction'') involving aggregate value in excess of e5 million unless:
(1) the terms of such Affiliate Transaction taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that could be obtained in a comparable transaction at the time of such transaction or the execution of the agreement providing for such transaction in arm's length dealings with a Person who is not such an Affiliate; and
310

(2) in the event such Affiliate Transaction involves an aggregate value in excess of e15 million, the terms of such transaction have been approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
Any Affiliate Transaction shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements set forth in clause (2) of this paragraph if such Affiliate Transaction is approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors. If there are no Disinterested Directors, any Affiliate Transaction shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements set forth in this covenant if the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that the terms are not materially less favorable to the Issuer or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm's length basis.
The provisions of the preceding paragraph will not apply to:
(1) any Restricted Payment permitted to be made pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' any Permitted Payments (other than pursuant to clause (9)(b)(ii) of the third paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'') or any Permitted Investment (other than Permitted Investments as defined in paragraphs (1)(b), (2), (11), (14) and (19) of the definition thereof);
(2) any issuance or sale of Capital Stock, options, other equity-related interests or other securities, or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, or entering into, or maintenance of, any employment, consulting, collective bargaining or benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement, related trust or other similar agreement and other compensation arrangements, options, warrants or other rights to purchase Capital Stock of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent, restricted stock plans, long-term incentive plans, stock appreciation rights plans, participation plans or similar employee benefits or consultants' plans (including valuation, health, insurance, deferred compensation, severance, retirement, savings or similar plans, programs or arrangements) or indemnities provided on behalf of officers, employees, directors or consultants approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, in each case in the ordinary course of business;
(3) any Management Advances and any waiver or transaction with respect thereto;
(4) any transaction between or among the Issuer and any Restricted Subsidiary (or entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction), or between or among Restricted Subsidiaries;
(5) the payment of reasonable fees and reimbursement of expenses to, and customary indemnities (including under customary insurance policies) and employee benefit and pension expenses provided on behalf of, directors, officers, consultants or employees of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or any Parent (whether directly or indirectly and including through any Person owned or controlled by any of such directors, officers or employees);
(6) the Transactions and the entry into and performance of obligations of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under the terms of any transaction arising out of, and any payments pursuant to or for purposes of funding, any agreement or instrument in effect as of or on the Issue Date (including, without limitation, the Proceeds Loan), as these agreements and instruments may be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed or refinanced from time to time in accordance with the other terms of this covenant or to the extent not more disadvantageous to the Holders in any material respect and the entry into and performance of any registration rights or other listing agreement in connection with any Public Offering;
(7) execution, delivery and performance of any Tax Sharing Agreement or the formation and maintenance of any consolidated group for tax, accounting or cash pooling or management purposes in the ordinary course of business;
(8) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, which are fair to the Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary in the reasonable determination of the Board of Directors or the Senior Management of the Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary, or are on terms no less favorable than those that could reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party;
311

(9) any transaction in the ordinary course of business between or among the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Affiliate of the Issuer or an Associate or similar entity that would constitute an Affiliate Transaction solely because the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary owns an equity interest in or otherwise controls such Affiliate, Associate or similar entity;
(10) (a) issuances or sales of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer or options, warrants or other rights to acquire such Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding; provided that the interest rate and other financial terms of such Subordinated Shareholder Funding are approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer in their reasonable determination and (b) any amendment, waiver or other transaction with respect to any Subordinated Shareholder Funding in compliance with the other provisions of the Indenture;
(11) without duplication in respect of payments made pursuant to clause (12) hereof, (a) payments by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Permitted Holder (whether directly or indirectly, including through any Parent) of annual customary management, consulting, monitoring or advisory fees and related expenses in an aggregate amount not to exceed e2 million per year and (b) customary payments by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Permitted Holder (whether directly or indirectly, including through any Parent) for financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities, including in connection with acquisitions or divestitures, which payments in respect of this clause (b) are approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Issuer in good faith;
(12) payment to any Permitted Holder of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses Incurred by such Permitted Holder in connection with its direct or indirect investment in the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;
(13) any transaction effected as part of a Qualified Receivables Financing;
(14) the performance of any transactions or obligations of any Person or any of its Subsidiaries under the terms of any transaction arising out of, or payments made pursuant to or for the purposes of funding, any agreement or instrument in effect at the time such Person is acquired by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, including by way of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a transaction that is not prohibited by the Indenture; provided that such agreements or instruments were not made in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on, or made pursuant to binding commitments existing on, the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; and
(15) transactions in which the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter or opinion from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that (i) the terms are not materially less favorable to the Issuer or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm's length basis or (ii) that the transaction is fair to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view.
Reports
For so long as any Senior Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will provide to the Trustee the following reports:
(1) within 120 days after the end of the Issuer's fiscal year beginning with the first fiscal year ending after the Issue Date, annual reports containing, to the extent applicable, the following information: (a) audited consolidated balance sheets of the Issuer or its predecessor as of the end of the two most recent fiscal years and audited consolidated income statements and statements of cash flow of the Issuer or its predecessor for the two most recent fiscal years, including complete footnotes to such financial statements and the report of the independent auditors on the financial statements; (b) unaudited pro forma income statement information and balance sheet information of the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include the provision of a full income statement or balance sheet to the extent not reasonably available), together with explanatory footnotes, for any material acquisitions, dispositions or recapitalizations that have occurred since the beginning of the most recently completed fiscal year; (c) an operating and financial review of the audited financial statements, including a discussion of the results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and capital resources of the Issuer, and a discussion of material commitments and contingencies and critical accounting policies, with a similar scope to that included in this Offering Memorandum; (d) description of the business, management and shareholders of the Issuer, all material affiliate transactions and a description of all
312

material contractual arrangements, including material debt instruments; and (e) a description of material risk factors and material recent developments;
(2) within 60 days following the end of the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of the Issuer beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2015 (and for the quarter ending September 30, 2014, within 90 days following the end of such quarter), all quarterly reports of the Issuer containing the following information: (a) an unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of the end of such quarter and unaudited condensed statements of income and cash flow for the most recent quarter year-to-date period ending on the unaudited condensed balance sheet date, and the comparable prior year periods, together with condensed footnote disclosure; (b) unaudited pro forma income statement information and balance sheet information of the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include the provision of a full income statement or balance sheet to the extent not reasonably available), together with explanatory footnotes, for any material acquisitions, dispositions or recapitalizations that have occurred since the beginning of the relevant quarter; (c) an operating and financial review of the unaudited financial statements, including a discussion of the results of operations, financial condition, EBITDA and material changes in liquidity and capital resources of the Issuer, and a discussion of material changes not in the ordinary course of business in commitments and contingencies since the most recent report; and (d) material recent developments; and
(3) promptly after the occurrence of any material acquisition, disposition or restructuring or any senior executive officer changes at the Issuer or change in auditors of the Issuer or any other material event that the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries announces publicly, a report containing a description of such event.
All financial statement and pro forma financial information shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS as in effect on the date of such report or financial statement (or otherwise on the basis of IFRS as then in effect) and on a consistent basis for the periods presented; provided, however, that the reports set forth in clauses (1), (2) and (3) above may, in the event of a change in applicable IFRS, present earlier periods on a basis that applied to such periods. Except as provided for below, no report need include separate financial statements for any Subsidiaries of the Issuer. The filing of an Annual Report on Form 20-F within the time period specified in (1) will satisfy such provision.
At any time that any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries are Unrestricted Subsidiaries and any such Unrestricted Subsidiary or group of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, if taken together as one Subsidiary, constitutes a Significant Subsidiary of the Issuer, then the annual and quarterly financial information required by clauses (1) and (2) of the first paragraph of this covenant shall include either (i) a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, of the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries of Issuer or (ii) stand-alone audited or unaudited financial statements, as the case may be, of such Unrestricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiaries (as a group or otherwise) together with an unaudited reconciliation to the financial information of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, which reconciliation shall include the following items: revenues, EBITDA, ERC, net income, cash, total assets, total debt, shareholders equity, capital expenditures and interest expense.
Substantially concurrently with the issuance to the Trustee of the reports specified in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of the first paragraph of this covenant, the Issuer shall also (a) use its commercially reasonable efforts (i) to post copies of such reports on such website as may be then maintained by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or (ii) otherwise to provide substantially comparable availability of such reports (as determined by the Issuer in good faith) or (b) to the extent the Issuer determines in good faith that it cannot make such reports available in the manner described in the preceding clause (a) owing to applicable law or after the use of its commercially reasonable efforts, furnish such reports to the Holders and, upon request, prospective purchasers of the Senior Notes. The Issuer will also make available copies of all reports required by clauses (1) through (3) of the first paragraph of this covenant, if and so long as the Senior Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Global Exchange Market and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange so require, at the offices of the Listing Agent.
In addition, so long as the Senior Notes remain outstanding and during any period during which the Issuer is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt therefrom pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b), the Issuer shall furnish to the Holders and, upon their request, prospective purchasers of the Senior Notes, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.
313

Lines of Business
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than a Similar Business, except to such extent as would not be material to the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Limitations on Holding Company Activities
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Indenture, the Issuer will not, and will cause the Senior Secured Notes Issuer not to, engage in any business activity or undertake any other activity, except:
(1) Investments in its direct Subsidiaries;
(2) the provision of administrative, management, legal and accounting services to its Subsidiaries of a type customarily provided by a holding company to its Subsidiaries and the ownership of assets necessary to provide such services;
(3) relating to the offering, sale, issuance, Incurrence, servicing, purchase, redemption, amendment, exchange, refinancing or retirement of the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Notes, the RCF Facility Agreement, any Additional Senior Secured Notes, any Additional Senior Notes or other Indebtedness (including any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing) permitted to be Incurred by the terms of the Indenture (including the lending, directly or indirectly, of the proceeds of such sale of the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Notes, any Additional Senior Secured Notes, any Additional Senior Notes or other Indebtedness permitted by the terms of the Indenture pursuant to intercompany proceeds loans) or the performance of the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness, to the extent such activities are otherwise permissible under the Indenture;
(4) the granting of Liens permitted pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Liens'';
(5) undertaken with the purpose of, directly or indirectly, fulfilling its obligations or exercising its rights under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Documents, the Senior Secured Escrow Agreement, the Senior Escrow Agreement or documents related to any Indebtedness specified in clause (3) above;
(6) the ownership of cash and Cash Equivalents or any activities related to cash management activities on behalf of its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(7) making Investments in the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes;
(8) making Restricted Payments (other than Restricted Investments) and Permitted Payments not prohibited under the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'';
(9) directly related or reasonably incidental to the establishment and/or maintenance of its or its Subsidiaries corporate existence;
(10) directly related or reasonably incidental to the Transactions; or
(11) other activities not specifically enumerated above that are de minimus in nature.
Completion of Transactions
The Issuer shall cause the Transactions to be consummated in a manner that in good faith determination of an Officer of the Issuer does not deviate from the description of the Transactions set out in ``The Transactions'' of this Offering Memorandum in a manner that is material and adverse to the interests of the Holders of the Senior Notes.
Merger and Consolidation
The Issuer
The Issuer will not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all its assets, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to, any Person, unless:
(1) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the ``Successor Issuer'') will be a Person organized and existing under the laws of any member state of the European Union or the United States of America, any State of the United States or the District of Columbia, Canada or any province of Canada, Norway or Switzerland and the Successor Issuer (if not the Issuer) will expressly assume (a) by supplemental
314

indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, all the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes and the Indenture and (b) all obligations of the Issuer under the Security Documents (and, to the extent required by the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement or such Additional Intercreditor Agreement);
(2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction (and treating any Indebtedness that becomes an obligation of the Successor Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Successor Issuer as a result of such transaction as having been Incurred by the Successor Issuer or such Subsidiary at the time of such transaction), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;
(3) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, either (a) the Successor Issuer would be able to Incur at least an additional e 1.00 of Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or (b) the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Successor Issuer would not be less than the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio was immediately prior to giving effect to such transaction; and
(4) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each to the effect that such consolidation, merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture (if any) comply with the Indenture and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such supplemental indenture (if any) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered and is a legal, valid and binding agreement enforceable against the Successor Issuer (in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee), provided that in giving an Opinion of Counsel, counsel may rely on an Officer's Certificate as to any matters of fact, including as to satisfaction of clauses (2) and (3) above.
For purposes of this covenant, the sale, lease, conveyance, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Issuer, which properties and assets, if held by the Issuer instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer.
The Successor Issuer will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Indenture but in the case of a lease of all or substantially all its assets, the predecessor company will not be released from its obligations under such Indenture or the Senior Notes.
Notwithstanding the preceding clauses (2) and (3) and the provisions described below under ``--Subsidiary Guarantors'' (which do not apply to transactions referred to in this sentence) and, other than with respect to the second preceding paragraph, clause (4) of the first paragraph of this covenant, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the preceding clauses (3) and (4) (which do not apply to the transactions referred to in this sentence), the Issuer may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or a portion of its assets to an Affiliate incorporated or organized for the purpose of changing the legal domicile of the Issuer, reincorporating the Issuer in another jurisdiction, or changing the legal form of the Issuer.
There is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve ``all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person.
The foregoing provisions (other than the requirements of clause (2) of the first paragraph of this covenant) will not apply to the creation of a new subsidiary of the Issuer that becomes a parent of one or more of the Issuer's Subsidiaries.
Subsidiary Guarantors
No Subsidiary Guarantor may:
(1) consolidate with or merge with or into any Person;
(2) sell, convey, transfer or dispose of, all or substantially all its assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to any Person; or
315

(3) permit any Person to merge with or into such Subsidiary Guarantor,
unless
(a) the other Person is the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary Guarantor or becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor concurrently with the transaction; or
(b) (i) either (x) the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor is the continuing Person or (y) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantor under its Guarantee and the Security Documents (and, to the extent required by the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement or such Additional Intercreditor Agreement); and
(ii) immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; or
(c) the transaction constitutes a sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) of the Subsidiary Guarantor or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Subsidiary Guarantor (in each case other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) otherwise permitted by the Indenture.
Notwithstanding the preceding clause (b)(ii) and the provisions described above under ``--The Issuer'' (which do not apply to transactions referred to in this sentence), (a) any Restricted Subsidiary may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to a Guarantor or the Issuer and (b) any Subsidiary Guarantor may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to any other Subsidiary Guarantor or the Issuer. Notwithstanding the preceding clause (b)(ii) (which does not apply to the transactions referred to in this sentence), a Subsidiary Guarantor may consolidate or otherwise combine with or merge into an Affiliate incorporated or organized for the purpose of changing the legal domicile of the Subsidiary Guarantor, reincorporating the Subsidiary Guarantor in another jurisdiction, or changing the legal form of the Subsidiary Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, any Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor) may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to any other such Restricted Subsidiary.
There is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve ``all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person.
Suspension of Covenants on Achievement of Investment Grade Status
If on any date following the Issue Date, the Senior Notes have achieved Investment Grade Status and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (a ``Suspension Event''), then, beginning on that day and continuing until the Reversion Date, the provisions of the Indenture summarized under the following captions will not apply to such Senior Notes: ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' ``--Limitation on Indebtedness,'' ``--Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries,'' ``--Limitation on Affiliate Transactions,'' ``--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock,'' ``--Additional Guarantees'' and the provisions of clause (3) of the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer'', and, in each case, any related default provision of the Indenture will cease to be effective and will not be applicable to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Such covenants and any related default provisions will again apply according to their terms from the first day on which a Suspension Event ceases to be in effect. Such covenants will not, however, be of any effect with regard to actions of the Issuer properly taken during the continuance of the Suspension Event, and the ``--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' covenant will be interpreted as if it has been in effect since the date of such Indenture except that no Default will be deemed to have occurred solely by reason of a Restricted Payment made while that covenant was suspended. On the Reversion Date, all Indebtedness Incurred during the continuance of the Suspension Event will be classified, at the Issuer's option, as having been Incurred pursuant to the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or one of the clauses set forth in the second paragraph of such covenant (to the extent such Indebtedness would be permitted to be Incurred thereunder as of the Reversion Date and after giving effect to Indebtedness Incurred prior to the Suspension Event and outstanding on the Reversion Date). To the extent such Indebtedness would not be so permitted to be incurred under the first two paragraphs of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness,'' such Indebtedness will be deemed to have been outstanding on the Issue Date, so that it
316

is classified as permitted under clause (4)(b) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness.''
The Issuer shall notify the Trustee and the Holders that the two conditions set forth in the first paragraph under this heading have been satisfied, provided that such notification shall not be a condition for the suspension of the covenants set forth above to be effective. The Trustee shall not be obliged to notify Holders of such event.
There can be no assurance that the Notes will ever achieve or maintain an investment grade rating.
Additional Guarantors
The Issuer shall ensure that within 90 days after the closing date of the Acquisition and within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Issuer beginning with the first fiscal year ending after the Issue Date:
(1) the EBITDA (calculated on a basis consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA but determined on an unconsolidated stand-alone basis and without double counting (for the avoidance of doubt, all intra group items and Investments in Subsidiaries of the Issuer held by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary shall be excluded)) of the Issuer and the Guarantors for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters shall equal or exceed 80.0% of the Combined EBITDA for such four fiscal quarters; and
(2) the combined gross assets (determined separately, without double counting (for the avoidance of doubt, all intra group items and Investments in Subsidiaries of the Issuer held by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary and goodwill shall be excluded)) of the Issuer and the Guarantors, as of the last day of the most recently ended four fiscal quarters of the the Issuer shall equal or exceed 80.0% of the Pro forma Consolidated Gross Assets of the the Issuer as of such date,
by causing one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors to become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form attached to the Indenture pursuant to which such Restricted Subsidiary will provide a Note Guarantee on a senior subordinated basis to the extent necessary to ensure the foregoing thresholds are met. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee promptly of each new Guarantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of compliance with the first paragraph of this covenant within 90 days after the closing date of the Aquisition, EBITDA and Pro Forma Consolidated Gross Assets will be calculated assuming Lindorff Holding Spain SLU and Lindorff Espana SL are Guarantors on such date of determination.
The Issuer will not cause or permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, directly or indirectly, to Guarantee or Incur any Indebtedness under the RCF Facility Agreement (or other Indebtedness that is Incurred under clause (1) or 5(b) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Limitation on Indebtedness'') or Guarantee any Public Debt and, in each case, any refinancing thereof in whole or in part unless such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Guarantor on the date on which such other Guarantee or other Indebtedness, as applicable, is Incurred and, if applicable, executes and delivers to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form attached to the Indenture pursuant to which such Restricted Subsidiary will provide a Guarantee of the Senior Notes, which Guarantee will be subordinated (in case such other Guarantee is a Guarantee of Senior Indebtedness) or pari passu basis with such Restricted Subsidiary's Guarantee of such other Indebtedness.
A Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor may become a Guarantor if it executes and delivers to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form attached to the Indenture pursuant to which such Restricted Subsidiary will provide a Guarantee of the Senior Notes.
Each additional Guarantee will be limited as necessary to recognize certain defenses generally available to guarantors (including those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate purpose, thin capitalization, distributable reserves, capital maintenance or similar laws, regulations or defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally) or other considerations under applicable law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not be obligated to cause such Restricted Subsidiary to Guarantee the Senior Notes to the extent and for so long as the Incurrence of such Guarantee could reasonably be expected to give rise to or result in: (1) any violation of applicable law or regulation; (2) any liability for the officers, directors or (except in the case of a Restricted Subsidiary that is a partnership) shareholders of such Restricted Subsidiary (or, in the case of a Restricted Subsidiary that is
317

a partnership, directors or shareholders of the partners of such partnership); (3) any cost, expense, liability or obligation (including with respect to any Taxes) other than reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and other than reasonable expenses incurred in connection with any governmental or regulatory filings required as a result of, or any measures pursuant to clause (1) of this paragraph undertaken in connection with, such Guarantee, which in any case under any of clauses (1), (2) and (3) of this paragraph cannot be avoided through measures reasonably available to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary; or (4) an inconsistency with the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
No Impairment of Security Interest
The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, take or omit to take any action that would have the result of materially impairing the security interest with respect to the Collateral (it being understood that, subject to the next succeeding paragraph, the Incurrence of Permitted Collateral Liens shall under no circumstances be deemed to materially impair the security interest with respect to the Collateral) for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders, and the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, grant to any Person other than the Security Agent, for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders and the other beneficiaries described in the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement any Lien over any of the Collateral that is prohibited by the covenant entitled ``Limitation on Liens;'' provided that the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries may Incur Permitted Collateral Liens and the Collateral may be discharged, transferred or released in accordance with the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents.
Notwithstanding the above, nothing in this covenant shall restrict the discharge and release of any security interest in accordance with the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents. Subject to the foregoing, the Security Documents may be amended, extended, renewed, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or released (followed by an immediate retaking of a Lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets) to (i) cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency therein; (ii) provide for Permitted Collateral Liens; (iii) add to the Collateral; or (iv) make any other change thereto that does not adversely affect the Holders in any material respect; provided, however, that, except where permitted by the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, no Security Document may be amended, extended, renewed, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or released (followed by an immediate retaking of a Lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets), unless contemporaneously with such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement or modification or release (followed by an immediate retaking of a Lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets), the Issuer delivers to the Security Agent and the Trustee, either (1) a solvency opinion, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Security Agent and the Trustee, from an Independent Financial Advisor or appraiser or investment bank of international standing which confirms the solvency of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to any transactions related to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or release (followed by an immediate retaking of a lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets), (2) a certificate from the chief financial officer or the Board of Directors of the relevant Person which confirms the solvency of the person granting security interest after giving effect to any transactions related to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or release, or (3) an opinion of counsel (subject to any qualifications customary for this type of opinion of counsel), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, confirming that, after giving effect to any transactions related to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or release (followed by an immediate retaking of a lien of at least equivalent ranking over the same assets), the Lien or Liens created under the Security Document, so amended, extended, renewed, restated, supplemented, modified or released and replaced are valid and perfected Liens not otherwise subject to any limitation, imperfection or new hardening period, in equity or at law, that such Lien or Liens were not otherwise subject to immediately prior to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or release and to which the new Indebtedness secured by the Permitted Collateral Lien is not subject.
In the event that the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries comply with the requirements of this covenant, the Trustee and the Security Agent shall (subject to customary protections and indemnifications) consent to such amendments without the need for instructions from the Holders.
318

Maintenance of Listing
The Issuer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain the listing of the Senior Notes on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange for so long as such Senior Notes are outstanding; provided that if the Issuer is unable to obtain admission to such listing or if at any time the Issuer determines that it will not maintain such listing, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to (where the Senior Notes are initially so listed, prior to the delisting of the Senior Notes from Global Exchange Market), and thereafter use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, a listing of such Senior Notes on another ``recognized stock exchange'' as defined in Section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 of the United Kingdom.
Additional Spanish Guarantors and Additional Spanish Collateral
The Issuer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event no later than six months from the Completion Date, the Additional Spanish Guarantors to convert their corporate form to sociedad ano´nima to allow them to guarantee the Senior Notes and, within such six month period, to execute and deliver to the Trustee, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Additional Spanish Guarantors will guarantee payment of the Senior Notes on the same terms and subject to the same conditions and limitations as the guarantees provided by the Initial Guarantors incorporated in Spain. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has used its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Additional Spanish Guarantors to convert their corporate form to sociedad ano´nima, there shall be no Default in the event such conversion is not implemented by a certain date, if at all.
Payments for Consent
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any holder of Senior Notes for or as an inducement to any consent, waiver or amendment of any of the terms of the provisions of the Indenture or the Senior Notes unless such consideration is offered to be paid and is paid to all holders of the Senior Notes that consent, waive or agree to amend in the time frame set forth in the solicitation documents relating to such consent, waiver or agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be permitted, in any offer or payment of consideration for, or as an inducement to, any consent, waiver or amendment of any of the terms or provisions of the Indenture, to exclude holders of Senior Notes in any jurisdiction or any category of holders of Senior Notes where (1) the solicitation of such consent, waiver or amendment, including in connection with any tender or exchange offer, or (2) the payment of the consideration therefor could reasonably be interpreted as requiring the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to file a registration statement, prospectus or similar document under any applicable securities laws or listing requirements (including, but not limited to, the United States federal securities laws and the laws of the European Union or any of its member states), which the Issuer in its sole discretion determines (acting in good faith) (a) would be materially burdensome (it being understood that it would not be materially burdensome to file the consent document(s) used in other jurisdictions, any substantially similar documents or any summary thereof with the securities or financial services authorities in such jurisdiction); or (b) such solicitation would otherwise not be permitted under applicable law in such jurisdiction or with respect to such category of holders of Senior Notes.
Events of Default
Each of the following is an ``Event of Default'' under the Indenture:
(1) default in any payment of interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on any Senior Note when due and payable, continued for 30 days;
(2) default in the payment of the principal amount of or premium, if any, on any Senior Note issued under the Indenture when due at its Stated Maturity, upon optional redemption, upon required repurchase, upon declaration or otherwise;
(3) failure to comply with the provisions of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants-- Merger and Consolidation'';
(4) failure to comply for 30 days after written notice by the Trustee on behalf of the Holders or by the Holders of 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes with any of the Issuer's
319

obligations under the covenants described under ``--Change of Control'' above or with any of the Issuer's or Restricted Subsidiary's obligations or obligations of any other grantor of a Lien over the Collateral under the covenants described under ``--Certain Covenants'' above (in each case, other than as specifically addressed in clause (3) above and a failure to purchase Senior Notes which will constitute an Event of Default under clause (2) above);
(5) failure by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any grantor of a Lien over the Collateral to comply for 60 days after written notice by the Trustee on behalf of the Holders or by the Holders of 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes with its other agreements contained in the Indenture;
(6) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or the payment of which is Guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary whether such Indebtedness or Guarantee now exists, or is created after the date hereof, which default:
(a) is caused by a failure to pay principal at stated maturity on such Indebtedness, immediately upon the expiration of any grace period provided in such Indebtedness (``payment default''); or
(b) results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its maturity (the ``cross acceleration provision'');
and, in each case, the aggregate principal amount of any such Indebtedness, together with the aggregate principal amount of any other such Indebtedness under which there has been a payment default or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates e20 million or more;
(7) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or court protection of the Issuer or a Significant Subsidiary or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together (as of the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries), would constitute a Significant Subsidiary (the ``bankruptcy provisions'');
(8) failure by the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together (as of the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries), would constitute a Significant Subsidiary to pay final judgments aggregating in excess of e20 million (exclusive of any amounts that a solvent insurance company has acknowledged liability for), which judgments are not paid, discharged or stayed for a period of 60 days after the judgment becomes final (the ``judgment default provision'');
(9) any security interest under the Security Documents on any material Collateral shall, at any time, cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of the relevant Security Document, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and the Indenture) with respect to Collateral having a fair market value in excess of e10 million for any reason other than the satisfaction in full of all obligations under the Indenture or the release or amendment of any such security interest in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or such Security Document or any such security interest created thereunder shall be declared invalid or unenforceable or the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary shall assert in writing that any such security interest is invalid or unenforceable and any such Default continues for 10 days (the ``security default provisions'');
(10) any Guarantee of a Significant Subsidiary or a group of Subsidiary Guarantors that when taken together (as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year), would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee or the Indenture) or is declared invalid or unenforceable in a judicial proceeding or any Guarantor denies or disaffirms in writing its obligations under its Guarantee and any such Default continues for 10 days (the ``guarantee provisions'');
(11) failure by the Issuer to comply for 30 days with any of the provisions of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Additional Guarantors'' or the provisions described in the third and fourth paragraph under ``Security--The Collateral''; and
(12) failure by the Issuer to consummate a Special Mandatory Redemption as described under the caption ``--Escrow of Proceeds; Special Mandatory Redemption''.
320

However, a default under clauses (4), (5), (6), (8) or (11) of this paragraph will not constitute an Event of Default until the Trustee or the Holders of 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes notify the Issuer of the default and, with respect to clauses (4), (5), (6), (8) or (11), the Issuer does not cure such default within the time specified in clauses (4), (5), (6), (8) or (11), as applicable, of this paragraph after receipt of such notice.
If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in clause (7) above) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Issuer or the Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes by written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such Holders shall, declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, on all the Senior Notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration, such principal, premium and accrued and unpaid interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, will be due and payable immediately. In the event of a declaration of acceleration of the Senior Notes because an Event of Default described in clause (6) under ``Events of Default'' has occurred and is continuing, the declaration of acceleration of the Senior Notes shall be automatically annulled if the event of default or payment default triggering such Event of Default pursuant to clause (6) shall have been remedied or cured, or waived by the holders of the Indebtedness, or the Indebtedness that gave rise to such Event of Default shall have been discharged in full, within 30 days after the declaration of acceleration with respect thereto and if (1) the annulment of the acceleration of the Senior Notes would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) all existing Events of Default, except nonpayment of principal, premium or interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, on the Senior Notes that became due solely because of the acceleration of the Senior Notes, have been cured or waived.
If an Event of Default described in clause (7) above occurs and is continuing, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, on all the Senior Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holders.
The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes under the Indenture may waive all past or existing Defaults or Events of Default (except with respect to nonpayment of principal, premium or interest, or Additional Amounts, if any) and rescind any such acceleration with respect to such Senior Notes and its consequences if rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction.
Subject to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the duties of the Trustee, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity and/or security satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal or interest when due, no Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to the Indenture or the Senior Notes unless:
(1) such Holder has previously given the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing;
(2) Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes have requested in writing the Trustee to pursue the remedy;
(3) such Holders have offered in writing the Trustee indemnity and/or security against any loss, liability or expense;
(4) the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt of the written request and the offer of security and/or indemnity; and
(5) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes have not given the Trustee a written direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period.
Subject to certain restrictions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes are given the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. The Indenture will provide that, in the event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing of which a responsible officer of the Trustee has received written notice, the Trustee will be required in the exercise of its powers to use the degree of care that a prudent person would use in the conduct of its own affairs. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or the Indenture or that
321

the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. Prior to taking any action under the Indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to indemnification and/or security satisfactory to it against all losses and expenses caused by taking or not taking such action.
The Indenture will provide that if a Default occurs and is continuing and a responsible officer of the Trustee is informed of such occurrence by the Issuer, the Trustee must give notice of the Default to the Holders within 60 days after being notified by the Issuer. Except in the case of a Default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on any Senior Note, the Trustee may withhold notice if and so long as a committee of trust officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding notice is in the interests of the Holders. The Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, an Officer's Certificate indicating whether the signers thereof know of any Default that occurred during the previous year. The Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the occurrence thereof, written notice of any events of which it is aware which would constitute a Default, their status and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof.
The Senior Notes provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Holders in certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. It may not be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions in relation to the Senior Notes and, accordingly, in such circumstances the Trustee will be unable to take action, notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity to it, and it will be for Holders to take action directly.
Holders of the Senior Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Senior Notes except as provided in the Indenture and may not enforce the Security Documents except as provided in such Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
Amendments and Waivers
Subject to certain exceptions, the Senior Note Documents may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding (including consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, such Senior Notes) and, subject to certain exceptions, any default or compliance with any provisions thereof may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding (including consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, such Senior Notes). However, without the consent of Holders holding not less than 90% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes affected, an amendment or waiver may not, with respect to any such series of the Senior Notes held by a non-consenting Holder:
(1) reduce the principal amount of such Senior Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment;
(2) reduce the stated rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any such Senior Note;
(3) reduce the principal of, or extend the Stated Maturity of, any such Senior Note;
(4) reduce the premium payable upon the redemption of any such Senior Note or change the time at which any such Senior Note may be redeemed, in each case as described above under ``--Optional Redemption'';
(5) make any such Senior Note payable in money other than that stated in such Senior Note;
(6) impair the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of, and interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on, such Holder's Senior Notes on or after the due dates therefor or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or with respect to such Holder's Senior Notes;
(7) make any change in the provision of the Indenture described under ``--Withholding Taxes'' that adversely affects the right of any Holder of such Senior Notes in any material respect or amends the terms of such Senior Notes in a way that would result in a loss of an exemption from any of the Taxes described thereunder or an exemption from any obligation to withhold or deduct Taxes so described thereunder unless the Payor agrees to pay Additional Amounts, if any, in respect thereof;
(8) release (i) all or substantially all of the Collateral granted for the benefit of the Holders or (ii) any Guarantee (other than an Immaterial Guarantee), in each case, other than pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents and the Indenture or except as permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement;
322

(9) waive a Default or Event of Default with respect to the nonpayment of principal, premium or interest or Additional Amounts, if any (except pursuant to a rescission of acceleration of the Senior Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of such Senior Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); or
(10) make any change in the amendment or waiver provisions which require the Holders' consent described in this sentence.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, without the consent of any Holder, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Agent and the other parties thereto, as applicable, may amend or supplement any Senior Note Document to:
(1) cure any ambiguity, omission, defect, error or inconsistency, conform any provision to this ``Description of the Senior Notes,'' or reduce the minimum denomination of the Senior Notes;
(2) provide for the assumption by a successor Person of the obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor under any Senior Note Document;
(3) provide for uncertificated Senior Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Senior Notes (provided that the uncertificated Senior Notes are issued in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the Code);
(4) add to the covenants or provide for a Guarantee for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(5) make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;
(6) make such provisions as necessary (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) for the issuance of Additional Senior Notes in accordance with the Indenture;
(7) provide for any Restricted Subsidiary to provide a Guarantee in accordance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' and ``--Certain Covenants-- Additional Guarantors,'' to add Guarantees with respect to the Senior Notes, to add Collateral for the benefit of the Senior Notes, or to confirm and evidence the release, termination, discharge or retaking of any Guarantee or Lien (including the Collateral and the Security Documents) with respect to or securing the Senior Notes when such release, termination, discharge or retaking is provided for under the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement or the Security Documents; or
(8) to evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under the Senior Note Documents of a successor Trustee and/or Security Agent pursuant to the requirements thereof or to provide for the accession by the Trustee and/or Security Agent to any Senior Note Document.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such evidence as it deems appropriate including Officer's Certificates and Opinions of Counsel.
The consent of the Holders is not necessary under the Indenture to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment of any Senior Note Document. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment. A consent to any amendment or waiver under the Indenture by any Holder of Senior Notes given in connection with a tender of such Holder's Senior Notes will not be rendered invalid by such tender.
Acts by Holders
In determining whether the Holders of the required aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, any Senior Notes owned by the Issuer or by any Person directly or indirectly controlled, or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, the Issuer will be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding.
Defeasance
The Issuer at any time may terminate all its and each Guarantor's obligations under the Senior Notes and the Indenture (``legal defeasance'') and cure all then existing Defaults and Events of Default, except for certain obligations, including those respecting the defeasance trust, the rights, powers, trusts, duties, immunities and indemnities of the Trustee and the obligations of the Issuer in connection therewith and obligations concerning issuing temporary Senior Notes, registrations of Senior Notes, mutilated,
323

destroyed, lost or stolen Senior Notes and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and money for security payments held in trust. Subject to the foregoing, if the Issuer exercises its legal defeasance option, the Security Documents in effect at such time will terminate (other than with respect to the defeasance trust).
The Issuer at any time may terminate its and the Guarantor's obligations under the covenants described under ``--Certain Covenants'' (other than with respect to clauses (1) and (2) of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer'') and ``--Change of Control'' and the default provisions relating to such covenants described under ``--Events of Default'' above, the operation of the cross-default upon a payment default, the cross acceleration provisions, the bankruptcy provisions with respect to the Issuer and its Significant Subsidiaries, the judgment default provision, the guarantee provisions and the security default provisions described under ``--Events of Default'' above (``covenant defeasance'').
The Issuer at its option at any time may exercise its legal defeasance option notwithstanding its prior exercise of its covenant defeasance option. If the Issuer exercises its legal defeasance option, payment of the Senior Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes. If the Issuer exercises its covenant defeasance option with respect to the Senior Notes, payment of the Senior Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in clause (3) (other than with respect to clauses (1) and (2) of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer''), (4), (5), (6), (7) (other than with respect to the Issuer), (8), (9) or (10) under ``--Events of Default'' above.
In order to exercise either defeasance option, the Issuer must irrevocably deposit in trust (the ``defeasance trust'') with the Trustee (or such entity designated or appointed (as agent) by the Trustee for this purpose) cash in euros or euro-denominated European Government Obligations or a combination thereof for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes to redemption or maturity, as the case may be, and must comply with certain other conditions, including delivery to the Trustee of:
(1) an Opinion of Counsel in the United States to the effect that Holders of the Senior Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred (and in the case of legal defeasance only, such Opinion of Counsel in the United States must be based on a ruling of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other change in applicable U.S. federal income tax law since the issuance of the Senior Notes);
(2) an Officer's Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuer with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying, defrauding or preferring any creditors of the Issuer;
(3) an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which opinion of counsel may be subject to customary assumptions and exclusions), each stating that that all conditions precedent provided for or relating to legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be, have been complied with;
(4) an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the trust resulting from the deposit does not constitute, or is qualified as, a regulated investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940; and
(5) the Issuer delivers to the Trustee all other documents or other information that the Trustee may reasonably require in connection with either defeasance option.
Satisfaction and Discharge
The Indenture, and the rights of the Trustee and the Holders under the Security Documents will be discharged and cease to be of further effect (except as to surviving rights of conversion or transfer or exchange of the Senior Notes, as expressly provided for in the Indenture) as to all outstanding Senior Notes when (1) either (a) all the Senior Notes previously authenticated and delivered (other than certain lost, stolen or destroyed Senior Notes and certain Senior Notes for which provision for payment was previously made and thereafter the funds have been released to the Issuer) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (b) all Senior Notes not previously delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (i) have become due and payable, (ii) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year or (iii) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the
324

Issuer; (2) the Issuer has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or such entity designated or appointed (as agent) by the Trustee for this purpose), euros or euro-denominated European Government Obligations or a combination thereof in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the Senior Notes not previously delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal, premium, if any, and interest to the date of deposit (in the case of Senior Notes that have become due and payable), or to the Stated Maturity or redemption date, as the case may be; (3) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable under the Indenture; (4) the Issuer has delivered irrevocable instructions under the Indenture to apply the deposited money towards payment of the Senior Notes at maturity or on the redemption date, as the case may be; and (5) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each to the effect that all conditions precedent under the ``--Satisfaction and Discharge'' section of the Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture have been complied with, provided that any such counsel may rely on any Officer's Certificate as to matters of fact (including as to compliance with the foregoing clauses (1), (2), (3) and (4)).
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Shareholders
No director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Note Documents or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Senior Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Senior Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy.
Concerning the Trustee and Certain Agents
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited is to be appointed as Trustee under the Indenture. The Indenture will provide that, except during the continuance of an Event of Default of which a responsible officer of the Trustee has received written notice, the Trustee will perform only such duties as are set forth specifically in such Indenture. During the existence of an Event of Default, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it under the Indenture and use the same degree of care that a prudent Person would use in conducting its own affairs. The permissive rights of the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action enumerated in the Indenture will not be construed as an obligation or duty.
The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions with the Issuer and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries.
The Indenture will set out the terms under which the Trustee may retire or be removed, and replaced. Such terms will include, among others, (1) that the Trustee may be removed at any time by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Senior Notes, or may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Issuer and (2) that if the Trustee at any time (a) has or acquires a conflict of interest that is not eliminated or (b) becomes incapable of acting as Trustee or becomes insolvent or bankrupt, then the Issuer may remove the Trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder for not less than 6 months may petition any court for removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee.
Any removal or resignation of the Trustee shall not become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee.
The Indenture will contain provisions for the indemnification and/or security of the Trustee for any loss, liability and expenses incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the Indenture.
Notices
All notices to Holders of Senior Notes will be validly given if mailed to them at their respective addresses in the register of the Holders of the Senior Notes, if any, maintained by the Registrar. In addition, for so long as any of the Senior Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange shall so require, notices with respect to the Senior Notes will be published in a newspaper having general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie). In addition, for so long as any Senior Notes are represented by Global Notes, all notices to Holders of the
325

Senior Notes will be delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, each of which will give such notices to the holders of Book-Entry Interests. Such notices may also be published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie), to the extent and in the manner permitted by the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange.
Each such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made; provided that, if notices are mailed, such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the later of such publication and the seventh day after being so mailed. Any notice or communication mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to such Person by first-class mail or other equivalent means and shall be sufficiently given to such Holder if so mailed within the time prescribed. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for the payment of principal, or premium, if any, on the Senior Notes will be prescribed five years after the applicable due date for payment thereof. Claims against the Issuer for the payment of interest on the Senior Notes will be prescribed three years after the applicable due date for payment of interest.
Currency Indemnity and Calculation of Euro-Denominated Restrictions
The euro and SEK are the sole currencies of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer and the Guarantors under or in connection with the Senior Notes and the relevant Guarantees including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than euro (with respect to the Euro Senior Notes) or SEK (with respect to the SEK Floating Rate Notes) whether as a result of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, any Guarantor or otherwise by any Holder or by the Trustee, in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or a Guarantor will only constitute a discharge of the obligations of the Issuer or such Guarantor, as applicable, to the extent of the euro amount or the SEK amount (as applicable) which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so).
If that euro or SEK amount is less than the euro or SEK amount (as applicable) expressed to be due to the recipient or the Trustee under any Senior Note, the Issuer and the Guarantors will indemnify them against any loss sustained by such recipient or the Trustee as a result. In any event, the Issuer and the Guarantors will indemnify the recipient or the Trustee on a joint or several basis against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this currency indemnity provision, it will be prima facie evidence of the matter stated therein for the Holder of a Senior Note or the Trustee to certify in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer (indicating the sources of information used) the loss it Incurred in making any such purchase. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's and the Guarantors' other obligations, will give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder of a Senior Note or the Trustee (other than a waiver of the indemnities set out herein) and will continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Senior Note, any Guarantee or to the Trustee.
Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, for purposes of determining compliance with any euro-denominated restriction herein, the euro equivalent amount for purposes hereof that is denominated in a non-euro currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such non-euro amount is Incurred or made, as the case may be.
Enforceability of Judgments
Since substantially all the assets of the Issuer and each Guarantor are held outside the United States, and any judgment obtained in the United States against the Issuer or any Guarantor, including judgments with respect to the payment of principal, premium, if any, interest, Additional Amounts, if any, and any redemption price and any purchase price with respect to the Senior Notes or the Guarantees, may not be collectable within the United States.
326

Consent to Jurisdiction and Service
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Indenture and the Senior Notes and the Guarantees, the Issuer and each Guarantor will in the Indenture irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, County and State of New York, United States.
Governing Law
The Indenture and the Senior Notes, including any Guarantees, and the rights and duties of the parties thereunder will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreements will be governed by English law.
Certain Definitions
``Acquisition'' means the acquisition of the relevant shares in each of Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-Invest AB and Lindorff AB by the Issuer pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement;
``Acquisition Agreement'' means the sale and purchase agreement dated July 18, 2014 made between the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, Altor 2003 Lindorff Holdings Limited, Altor II Lindorff Holdings Limited, Investor AB (publ) and members of management who hold any interest in any of the Target Companies, as it may be amended from time to time;
``Acquired Indebtedness'' means Indebtedness (1) of a Person or any of its Subsidiaries existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or (2) assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from such Person, in each case, whether or not Incurred by such Person in connection with such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or such acquisition or (3) of a Person at the time such Person merges with or into or consolidates or otherwise combines with the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary. Acquired Indebtedness shall be deemed to have been Incurred, with respect to clause (1) of the preceding sentence, on the date such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and, with respect to clause (2) of the preceding sentence, on the date of consummation of such acquisition of assets and, with respect to clause (3) of the preceding sentence, on the date of the relevant merger, consolidation or other combination.
``Additional Assets'' means:
(1) any property or assets (other than Indebtedness and Capital Stock) used or to be used by the Issuer, a Restricted Subsidiary or otherwise useful in a Similar Business (it being understood that capital expenditures shall be deemed an investment in Additional Assets);
(2) the Capital Stock of a Person that is engaged in a Similar Business and becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of the acquisition of such Capital Stock by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; or
(3) Capital Stock constituting a minority interest in any Person that at such time is a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer.
``Affiliate'' of any specified Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, ``control'' when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms ``controlling'' and ``controlled'' have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
``Agreed Security Principles'' means the Agreed Security Principles as set out in an annex to the RCF Facility Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date, as applied mutatis mutandis with respect to the Senior Notes in good faith by the Issuer.
``Applicable Premium'' means, with respect to any Euro Senior Note, the greater of:
(1) 1% of the principal amount of such Euro Senior Note; and
327

(2) on any redemption date, the excess (to the extent positive) of:
(a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of such Euro Senior Note at August 15, 2018 (such redemption price (expressed in percentage of principal amount) being set forth in the table under ``--Optional Redemption'' (excluding accrued but unpaid interest)), plus (ii) all required interest payments due on such Euro Senior Note through August 15, 2018 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest), computed upon the redemption date using a discount rate equal to the Bund Rate at such redemption date plus 50 basis points; over
(b) the outstanding principal amount of such Euro Senior Note,
as calculated by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer by such Person as the Issuer shall designate. For the avoidance of doubt, calculation of the Applicable Premium shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee, Paying Agent or Calculation Agent.
``Asset Disposition'' means any direct or indirect sale, lease (other than an operating lease entered into in the ordinary course of business), transfer, issuance or other disposition, or a series of related sales, leases (other than operating leases entered into in the ordinary course of business), transfers, issuances or dispositions that are part of a common plan, of shares of Capital Stock of a Subsidiary (other than directors' qualifying shares), property or other assets (each referred to for the purposes of this definition as a ``disposition'') by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any disposition by means of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction; provided that the sale, lease, transfer, issuance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole will be governed by the provisions of the Indenture described above under the caption ``Change of Control'' and/or the provisions described above under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation'' and not by the provisions described under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock.'' Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this definition, the following items shall not be deemed to be Asset Dispositions:
(1) a disposition by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary to a Restricted Subsidiary;
(2) a disposition of cash, Cash Equivalents, Temporary Cash Investments or Investment Grade Securities;
(3) a disposition of inventory or other assets in the ordinary course of business;
(4) a disposition of obsolete, surplus or worn out equipment or other assets or equipment, facilities or inventory or other assets that are no longer useful in the conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(5) transactions permitted under ``--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Issuer'' or a transaction that constitutes a Change of Control;
(6) an issuance of Capital Stock by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or to another Restricted Subsidiary or as part of, or pursuant to, an equity incentive or compensation plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer or an issuance or sale by a Restricted Subsidiary of Preferred Stock that is permitted by the covenant described above under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'';
(7) any dispositions of Capital Stock, properties or assets in a single transaction or series of related transactions with a fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) of less than e5 million or, if greater, 0.3% of Total Assets;
(8) any Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made, under and in compliance with the covenant described above under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' and the making of any Permitted Payment or Permitted Investment or, solely for purposes of clause (3) of the first paragraph under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock,'' asset sales, the proceeds of which are used to make such Restricted Payments or Permitted Investments;
(9) dispositions in connection with the granting of Liens permitted by the covenant described above under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Liens;''
(10) dispositions of receivables in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business or in bankruptcy or similar proceedings and exclusive of factoring or similar arrangements;
328

(11) the licensing, sub-licensing, lease or assignment of intellectual property or other general intangibles and licenses, sub-licenses, leases, subleases, assignments or other dispositions of other property, in each case, in the ordinary course of business;
(12) foreclosure, condemnation, taking by eminent domain or any similar action with respect to any property or other assets;
(13) the sale or discount (with or without recourse, and on customary or commercially reasonable terms) of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising in the ordinary course of business, or the conversion or exchange of accounts receivable for notes receivable;
(14) any disposition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other securities of an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
(15) any disposition of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement or other obligation with or to a Person (other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) from whom such Restricted Subsidiary was acquired, or from whom such Restricted Subsidiary acquired its business and assets (having been newly formed in connection with such acquisition), made as part of such acquisition and in each case comprising all or a portion of the consideration in respect of such sale or acquisition;
(16) any surrender or waiver of contract rights or the settlement, release, recovery on or surrender of contract, tort or other claims of any kind;
(17) any disposition of assets to a Person who is providing services related to such assets, the provision of which have been or are to be outsourced by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to such Person in relation to information technology, accounting and other clerical or ancillary functions; provided, however, that the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall certify that in the opinion of the Board of Directors, the outsourcing transaction will be economically beneficial to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (considered as a whole);
(18) any disposition with respect to property built, owned or otherwise acquired by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to customary sale and lease-back transactions, asset securitizations and other similar financings permitted by the Indenture;
(19) sales or dispositions of receivables in connection with any Qualified Receivables Financing or any factoring transaction or in the ordinary course of business; and
(20) any transfer, termination, unwinding or other disposition of Hedging Agreements not for speculative purposes.
``Associate'' means (1) any Person engaged in a Similar Business of which the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries are the legal and beneficial owners of between 20% and 50% of all outstanding Voting Stock and (2) any joint venture entered into by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer.
``Bilateral Bank Loans'' means local term loans and amounts under local overdraft facilities outstanding on the Issue Date (immediately prior to the consummation of the Transactions) that are owed by Restricted Subsidiaries.
``Board of Directors'' means (1) with respect to the Issuer or any corporation, the board of directors or managers, as applicable, of the corporation (which, in the case of any corporation having both a supervisory board and an executive or management board, shall be the executive or management board), or any duly authorized committee thereof; (2) with respect to any partnership, the board of directors or other governing body of the general partner of the partnership or any duly authorized committee thereof; (3) with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members (or analogous governing body) or any controlling committee of managing members thereof and (4) with respect to any other Person, the board or any duly authorized committee of such Person serving a similar function. For the purposes of the definition of ``Change of Control'' only, Board of Directors of the Issuer shall mean the Issuer's supervisory board or its managing board. Whenever any provision requires any action or determination to be made by, or any approval of, a Board of Directors, such action, determination or approval shall be deemed to have been taken or made if approved by a majority of the directors (excluding employee representatives, if any) on any such Board of Directors (whether or not such action or approval is taken as part of a formal board meeting or as a formal board approval).
``Bund Rate'' means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany (Bunds or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two Business
329

Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to August 15, 2018; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to August 15, 2018 is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a weekly average yield is given, the Bund Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to August 15, 2018 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
``Business Day'' means each day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in Oslo, Norway, Stockholm, Sweden, London, United Kingdom, or New York, New York, United States are authorized or required by law to close; provided, however, that for any payments to be made under the Indenture, such day shall also be a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (``TARGET'') payment system is open for the settlement of payments.
``Capital Stock'' of any Person means any and all shares of, rights to purchase, warrants or options for, or other equivalents of or partnership or other interests in (however designated), equity of such Person, including any Preferred Stock, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.
``Capitalized Lease Obligations'' means an obligation that is required to be classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease for financial reporting purposes on the basis of IFRS (as in effect on the Issue Date for purposes of determining whether a lease is a capital lease). The amount of Indebtedness represented by such obligation will be the capitalized amount of such obligation at the time any determination thereof is to be made as determined on the basis of IFRS, and the Stated Maturity thereof will be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date such lease may be terminated without penalty.
``Cash Equivalents'' means:
(1) securities issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian governments, a Permissible Jurisdiction, Switzerland or Norway or, in each case, any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such country or such member state is pledged in support thereof), having maturities of not more than two years from the date of acquisition;
(2) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers' acceptances having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any Lender or by any bank or trust company (a) whose commercial paper is rated at least ``A-1'' or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least ``P-1'' or the equivalent thereof by Moody's (or if at the time neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) or (b) (in the event that the bank or trust company does not have commercial paper which is rated) having combined capital and surplus in excess of e500 million;
(3) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (1) and (2) entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (2) above;
(4) commercial paper rated at the time of acquisition thereof at least ``A-2'' or the equivalent thereof by S&P or ``P-2'' or the equivalent thereof by Moody's or carrying an equivalent rating by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization, if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of investments or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has an equivalent rating in respect of its long-term debt, and in any case maturing within one year after the date of acquisition thereof;
(5) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United States of America, any province of Canada, any Permissible Jurisdiction, Switzerland or Norway or any political subdivision thereof, in each case, having one of the two highest rating categories obtainable from either Moody's or S&P (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with maturities of not more than two years from the date of acquisition;
330

(6) Indebtedness or preferred stock issued by Persons with a rating of ``BBB'' or higher from S&P or ``Baa3'' or higher from Moody's (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition;
(7) bills of exchange issued in the United States, Canada, a Permissible Jurisdiction, Switzerland, Norway or Japan eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any dematerialized equivalent);
(8) interests in any investment company, money market or enhanced high yield fund which invests 95% or more of its assets in instruments of the type specified in clauses (1) through (7) above; and
(9) for purposes of clause (2) of the definition of ``Asset Disposition,'' the marketable securities portfolio owned by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on the Issue Date.
``Change of Control'' means:
(1) the Issuer becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) any ``person'' or ``group'' of related persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Issue Date), other than one or more Permitted Holders, is or becomes the ``beneficial owner'' (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Issue Date), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Issuer; provided that for the purposes of this clause, (x) no Change of Control shall be deemed to occur by reason of the Issuer becoming a Subsidiary of a Successor Parent and (y) any Voting Stock of which any Permitted Holder is the ``beneficial owner'' (as so defined) shall not be included in any Voting Stock of which any such person or group is the ``beneficial owner'' (as so defined), unless that person or group is not an Affiliate of a Permitted Holder and has greater voting power with respect to that Voting Stock;
(2) following the Initial Public Offering of the Issuer or any Parent, during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the majority of the directors (excluding any employee representatives, if any) on the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any Parent (together with any new directors whose election by the majority of such directors on such Board of Directors of the Issuer or any Parent or whose nomination for election by shareholders of the Issuer or any Parent, as applicable, was approved by a vote of the majority of such directors on the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any Parent then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) ceased for any reason to constitute the majority of the directors (excluding any employee representatives, if any) on the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any Parent, then in office; or
(3) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to a Person, other than a Restricted Subsidiary or one or more Permitted Holders.
``Clearstream'' means Clearstream Banking, socie´te´ anonyme, as currently in effect or any successor securities clearing agency.
``Code'' means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
``Commodity Hedging Agreements'' means, in respect of a Person, any commodity purchase contract, commodity futures or forward contract, commodities option contract or other similar contract (including commodities derivative agreements or arrangements), to which such Person is a party or a beneficiary.
``Consolidated EBITDA'' for any period (the ``Relevant Period'') means, without duplication, the Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income:
(1) Consolidated Interest Expense;
(2) Consolidated Income Taxes;
(3) consolidated depreciation expense;
(4) consolidated amortization or impairment expense;
331

(5) any expenses, charges or other costs related to any Equity Offering, Investment, acquisition (including one-time amounts paid in connection with the acquisition or retention of one or more individuals comprising part of a management team retained to manage the acquired business; provided that such payments are made in connection with such acquisition and are consistent with the customary practice in the industry at the time of such acquisition), disposition, recapitalization or the Incurrence of any Indebtedness permitted by the Indenture (in each case whether or not successful), in each case, as determined in good faith by an Officer of the Issuer;
(6) any minority interest expense (whether paid or not) consisting of income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in such period;
(7) the amount of management, monitoring, consulting and advisory fees and related expenses paid in such period to the Permitted Holders to the extent permitted by the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Affiliate Transactions''; and
(8) other non-cash charges, write-downs or items reducing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such non-cash charge, write-down or item to the extent it represents an accrual of or reserve for cash charges in any future period) or other items classified by the Issuer as extraordinary, exceptional, unusual or nonrecurring items less other non-cash items of income increasing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such non-cash item of income to the extent it represents a receipt of cash in any future period).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provision for taxes and the depreciation, amortization, non-cash items, charges and write-downs of a Restricted Subsidiary shall be added to Consolidated Net Income to compute Consolidated EBITDA only to the extent (and in the same proportion, including by reason of minority interests) that the net income (loss) of such Restricted Subsidiary was included in calculating Consolidated Net Income for the purposes of this definition.
``Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio'' means, as of the date of determination, the ratio of:
(1) Consolidated EBITDA for the Issuer for such period to
(2) the sum of Consolidated Interest Expense for the Issuer for such period,
provided that in calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or any element thereof for any period, pro forma calculations will be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Issuer (including any pro forma expenses and cost savings and cost reduction synergies to the extent they have occurred or are reasonably expected to occur within the next twelve months following the date of such calculation as a result of, or that would result from any actions by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries including, without limitation, (i) in connection with any cost reduction or cost savings program, (ii) in connection with any transaction, investment, acquisition (including, without limitation, acquisition of business entities or property and assets constituting a division or line of business) or disposition or (iii) in connection with any restructuring, corporate reorganization or otherwise (and, in the case of sub-clauses (i) and (iii), steps have been taken to realize such expenses and cost savings and cost reduction synergies), in the good faith judgment of the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer or any person performing a similarly senior accounting role of the Issuer (regardless of whether these cost savings and cost reduction synergies could then be reflected in pro forma financial statements to the extent prepared so long as such cost savings and cost reduction synergies are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable); provided, further, without limiting the application of the previous proviso, that for the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for such period, if, as of such date of determination:
(1) since the beginning of such period the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has disposed of any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such disposition, a ``Sale'') or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is such a Sale, (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the assets which are the subject of such Sale for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such period; provided that if any such sale constitutes ``discontinued operations'' in accordance with IFRS, Consolidated Net Income shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if positive) attributable to such operations for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if negative) attributable thereto for such period and (b) the Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the
332

Consolidated Interest Expense directly attributable to any Indebtedness of the Issuer or of any Restricted Subsidiary repaid, repurchased, defeased or otherwise discharged with respect to the Issuer and the continuing Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such Asset Disposition for such period (or, if the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary is sold, the Consolidated Interest Expense for such period directly attributable to the Indebtedness of such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the Issuer and the continuing Restricted Subsidiaries are no longer liable for such Indebtedness after such sale);
(2) since the beginning of such period, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (by merger or otherwise) has made an Investment in any Person that thereby becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or otherwise has acquired any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such Investment or acquisition, a ``Purchase''), including any such Purchase occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Purchase occurred on the first day of such period;
(3) since the beginning of such period, any Person (that became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period) will have made any Sale or any Purchase that would have required an adjustment pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above if made by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Sale or Purchase occurred on the first day of such period;
(4) if the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has incurred any Indebtedness since the beginning of such period that remains outstanding or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is an incurrence of Indebtedness or both, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be calculated after giving effect on a pro forma basis to such Indebtedness as if such Indebtedness had been incurred on the first day of such period and the discharge of any other Indebtedness repaid, repurchased, defeased or otherwise discharged with the proceeds of such new Indebtedness as if such discharge had occurred on the first day of such period; provided, however, that the pro forma calculation of the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall not give effect to (a) any Indebtedness incurred on the date of determination pursuant to the provisions described in the second paragraph under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or (b) the discharge on the date of determination of any Indebtedness to the extent that such discharge results from the proceeds incurred pursuant to the provisions described in the second paragraph under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness;''
(5) any Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary on the date of determination will be deemed to have been a Restricted Subsidiary at all times during such period;
(6) any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary on the date of determination will be deemed not to have been a Restricted Subsidiary at any time during such period; and
(7) prior to the Completion Date, for purposes of the covenant described under ``Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Indebtedness'' and the definition of Permitted Collateral Liens, pro forma effect will be given to the Transactions, including the issuance of Notes on the Issue Date and the use of proceeds thereof, as if they had occurred at the beginning of the applicable period.
For the purposes of this definition and the definitions of Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Income Taxes, Consolidated Interest Expense and Consolidated Net Income, calculations will be as determined in good faith by a responsible financial or chief accounting officer of the Issuer (including, to the extent applicable, in respect of cost savings and cost reduction synergies).
If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest, the interest expense on such Debt shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Interest Rate Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness for a period equal to the remaining term of such Interest Rate Agreement).
``Consolidated Income Taxes'' means taxes or other payments, including deferred Taxes, based on income, profits or capital (including without limitation withholding taxes) and franchise taxes of any of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries whether or not paid, estimated, accrued or required to be remitted to any Governmental Authority.
``Consolidated Interest Expense'' means, for any period (in each case, determined on the basis of IFRS), the consolidated net interest income/expense of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether paid
333

or accrued, including any pension liability interest cost, plus or including (without duplication) any interest, costs and charges consisting of:
(1) interest expense attributable to Capitalized Lease Obligations;
(2) amortization of debt discount, but excluding amortization of debt issuance costs, fees and expenses and the expensing of any financing fees;
(3) non-cash interest expense;
(4) the net payments (if any) on Interest Rate Agreements and Currency Agreements (excluding amortization of fees and discounts and unrealized gains and losses);
(5) dividends on other distributions in respect of all Disqualified Stock of the Issuer and all Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent held by Persons other than the Issuer or a subsidiary of the Issuer;
(6) the consolidated interest expense that was capitalized during such period;
(7) interest actually paid by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Guarantee of Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person; and
(8) interest accrued on any Indebtedness of a Parent that is Guaranteed by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or secured by a Lien on the assets of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (less any interest accrued on any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary that was funded with the proceeds of such Guaranteed Indebtedness).
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Consolidated Interest Expense shall not include (i) any interest accrued, capitalized or paid in respect of Subordinated Shareholder Funding, (ii) any commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges related to Qualified Receivables Financing and (iii) any payments on any operating leases, including without limitation any payment on any lease, sublease, rental or license of property (or guarantee thereof) which would be considered an operating lease under IFRS in effect as of the Issue Date.
``Consolidated Leverage'' means the sum of the aggregate outstanding Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding Hedging Obligations except to the extent provided in clause (c) of the sixth paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'').
``Consolidated Leverage Ratio'' means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Leverage at such date to (y) the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to the date of such determination for which internal consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available; provided that for the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for such period (or, in the case of clause (4), Consolidated Leverage as of such date) if, as of such date of determination:
(1) since the beginning of such period the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has disposed of any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such disposition, a ``Sale'') or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is such a Sale, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the assets which are the subject of such Sale for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such period; provided that if any such sale constitutes ``discontinued operations'' in accordance with IFRS, Consolidated Net Income shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if positive) attributable to such operations for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if negative) attributable thereto for such period;
(2) since the beginning of such period, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (by merger or otherwise) has made an Investment in any Person that thereby becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or otherwise has acquired any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such Investment or acquisition, a ``Purchase''), including any such Purchase occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Purchase occurred on the first day of such period;
334

(3) since the beginning of such period, any Person (that became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period) will have made any Sale or any Purchase that would have required an adjustment pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above if made by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Sale or Purchase occurred on the first day of such period;
(4) solely for the purposes of determining compliance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Liens'', the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary is Incurring any Indebtedness, the pro forma calculation of the Consolidated Leverage shall not give effect to (i) any Indebtedness incurred on the date of determination pursuant to the provisions described in the second paragraph under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or (ii) the discharge on the date of determination of any Indebtedness to the extent that such discharge results from the proceeds incurred pursuant to the provisions described in the second paragraph under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness''; and
(5) prior to the Completion Date, for purposes of the covenant described under ``Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Indebtedness'' and the definition of Permitted Collateral Liens, pro forma effect will be given to the Transactions, including the issuance of Notes on the Issue Date and the use of proceeds thereof, as if they had occurred at the beginning of the applicable period.
For the purposes of this definition and the definitions of Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Income Taxes, Consolidated Interest Expense and Consolidated Net Income, (a) pro forma calculations will be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Issuer (including any pro forma expenses and cost savings and cost reduction synergies to the extent they have occurred or are reasonably expected to occur within the next twelve months following the date of such calculation as a result of, or that would result from any actions by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries including, without limitation, (i) in connection with any cost reduction or cost savings program, (ii) in connection with any transaction, investment, acquisition (including, without limitation, acquisition of business entities or property and assets constituting a division or line of business) or disposition or (iii) in connection with any restructuring, corporate reorganization or otherwise (and, in the case of sub-clauses (i) and (iii), steps have been taken to realize such expenses and cost savings and cost reduction synergies), in the good faith judgment of the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer or any person performing a similarly senior accounting role of the Issuer (regardless of whether these cost savings and cost reduction synergies could then be reflected in pro forma financial statements to the extent prepared so long as such cost savings and cost reduction synergies are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable); and (b) in determining the amount of Indebtedness outstanding on any date of determination, pro forma effect shall be given to any Incurrence, repayment, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition, retirement or discharge of Indebtedness as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the relevant period.
``Consolidated Net Income'' means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis on the basis of IFRS; provided, however, that there will not be included in such Consolidated Net Income:
(1) subject to the limitations contained in clause (3) below, any net income (loss) of any Person if such Person is not a Restricted Subsidiary, except that the Issuer's equity in the net income of any such Person for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents actually distributed by such Person during such period to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution or return on investment or could have been distributed, as reasonably determined by an Officer of the Issuer (subject, in the case of a dividend or other distribution or return on investment to a Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitations contained in clause (2) below);
(2) solely for the purpose of determining the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (c)(i) of the first paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' any net income (loss) of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Guarantors) if such Subsidiary is subject to restrictions, directly or indirectly, on the payment of dividends or the making of distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor by operation of the terms of such Restricted Subsidiary's charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute or governmental rule or regulation applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary or its shareholders (other than (a) restrictions that have been waived or otherwise released,
335

(b) restrictions pursuant to the Senior Notes or the Indenture, (c) contractual restrictions in effect on the Issue Date with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary (including pursuant to the RCF Facility Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Secured Notes Indenture), and other restrictions with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary that, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Holders than such restrictions in effect on the Issue Date and (d) restrictions specified in the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries,'' except that the Issuer's equity in the net income of any such Restricted Subsidiary for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents or non-cash distributions to the extent converted into cash or Cash Equivalents actually distributed or that could have been distributed (including by way of a loan) by such Restricted Subsidiary during such period to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary as a loan, dividend or other distribution (subject, in the case of a loan, dividend or distribution to another Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitation contained in this clause);
(3) any net gain (or loss) realized upon the sale, abandonment or other disposition of any asset or disposed operations of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiaries (including pursuant to any sale/ leaseback transaction) which is not sold, abandoned or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer);
(4) any extraordinary, exceptional, unusual or nonrecurring gain, loss, charge or expense or any charges, expenses or reserves in respect of any restructuring, redundancy or severance expense or other costs related to the Transactions, in each case, as determined in good faith by the Issuer;
(5) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles;
(6) any non-cash compensation charge or expense arising from any grant of stock, stock options or other equity based awards and any non-cash deemed finance charges in respect of any pension liabilities or other provisions;
(7) all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid or other expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness and any net gain (loss) from any write-off or forgiveness of Indebtedness;
(8) any unrealized gains or losses in respect of Hedging Obligations or any ineffectiveness recognized in earnings related to qualifying hedge transactions or the fair value of changes therein recognized in earnings for derivatives that do not qualify as hedge transactions, in each case, in respect of Hedging Obligations;
(9) any unrealized foreign currency transaction gains or losses in respect of Indebtedness of any Person denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of such Person and any unrealized foreign exchange gains or losses relating to translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies;
(10) any unrealized foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses in respect of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(11) any purchase accounting effects including, but not limited to, adjustments to inventory, property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenues in component amounts required or permitted by IFRS and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result of any consummated acquisition or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof (including any write-off of in process research and development);
(12) any goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charge, amortization or write-off;
(13) Consolidated Income Taxes to the extent in excess of cash payments made in respect of such Consolidated Income Taxes;
(14) [Reserved];
(15) the impact of capitalized, accrued or accreting or pay-in-kind interest or principal on Subordinated Shareholder Funding; and
(16) to the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Issuer has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the
336

insurer and only to the extent that such amount is (a) not denied by the applicable carrier in writing within 180 days and (b) in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a deduction for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within 365 days), losses with respect to business interruption.
``Contingent Obligations'' means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, any operating lease, dividend or other obligation that does not constitute Indebtedness (``primary obligations'') of any other Person (the ``primary obligor''), including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent:
(1) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor;
(2) to advance or supply funds:
(a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation; or
(b) to maintain the working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; or
(3) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof.
``Credit Facility'' means, with respect to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, one or more debt facilities, indentures or other arrangements (including the RCF Facility Agreement or commercial paper facilities and overdraft facilities) with banks, other financial institutions or investors providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, notes, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables to such institutions or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such institutions against such receivables), letters of credit or other Indebtedness, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced, restructured, refinanced, repaid, increased or extended in whole or in part from time to time (and whether in whole or in part and whether or not with the original administrative agent and lenders or another administrative agent or agents or other banks or institutions and whether provided under the original RCF Facility Agreement or one or more other credit or other agreements, indentures, financing agreements or otherwise) and, in each case, including all agreements, instruments and documents executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with the foregoing (including any notes and letters of credit issued pursuant thereto and any Guarantee and collateral agreement, patent and trademark security agreement, mortgages or letter of credit applications and other Guarantees, pledges, agreements, security agreements and collateral documents). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term ``Credit Facility'' shall include any agreement or instrument (1) changing the maturity of any Indebtedness Incurred thereunder or contemplated thereby, (2) adding Subsidiaries of the Issuer as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder, (3) increasing the amount of Indebtedness Incurred thereunder or available to be borrowed thereunder or (4) otherwise altering the terms and conditions thereof.
``Currency Agreement'' means in respect of a Person any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement, currency futures contract, currency option contract, currency derivative or other similar agreement to which such Person is a party or beneficiary.
``Default'' means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.
``Designated Non-Cash Consideration'' means the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) of non-cash consideration received by the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset Disposition that is so designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to an Officer's Certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation, less the amount of cash, Cash Equivalents or Temporary Cash Investments received in connection with a subsequent payment, redemption, retirement, sale or other disposition of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration. A particular item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration will no longer be considered to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise disposed of in compliance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock.''
337

``Designated Preference Shares'' means, with respect to the Issuer or any Parent, Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) (1) that is issued for cash (other than to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary for the benefit of their employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or such Subsidiary) and (2) that is designated as ``Designated Preference Shares'' pursuant to an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer at or prior to the issuance thereof, the Net Cash Proceeds of which are excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (c)(ii) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Restricted Payments.''
``Disinterested Director'' means, with respect to any Affiliate Transaction, a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer having no material direct or indirect financial interest in or with respect to such Affiliate Transaction. A member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be deemed not to have such a financial interest by reason of such member's holding Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent or any options, warrants or other rights in respect of such Capital Stock.
``Disqualified Stock'' means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event:
(1) matures or is mandatorily redeemable for cash or in exchange for Indebtedness pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise;
(2) is convertible or exchangeable for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock (excluding Capital Stock which is convertible or exchangeable solely at the option of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary); or
(3) is or may become (in accordance with its terms) upon the occurrence of certain events or otherwise redeemable or repurchasable for cash or in exchange for Indebtedness at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock in whole or in part,
in each case, on or prior to the earlier of (a) the Stated Maturity of the Senior Notes or (b) the date on which there are no Senior Notes outstanding; provided, however, that (i) only the portion of Capital Stock which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date will be deemed to be Disqualified Stock and (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale (howsoever defined or referred to) shall not constitute Disqualified Stock if any such redemption or repurchase obligation is subject to compliance by the relevant Person with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments.''
``Equity Offering'' means (1) a sale of Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock) other than offerings registered on Form S-8 (or any successor form) under the Securities Act or any similar offering in other jurisdictions, or (2) the sale of Capital Stock or other securities (other than to an Affiliate of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary), the proceeds of which are contributed to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares or through an Excluded Contribution) of, or as Subordinated Shareholder Funding to, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.
``ERC'' means, for any date of calculation, the aggregate amount of estimated remaining gross collections projected to be received by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries from all Portfolio Assets owned by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries during the period of 84 months, as calculated by the Portfolio ERC Model, as at the last day of the month most recently ended prior to the date of calculation.
``Escrowed Proceeds'' means the proceeds from the offering of any debt securities or other Indebtedness paid into an escrow account with an independent escrow agent on the date of the applicable offering or Incurrence pursuant to escrow arrangements that permit the release of amounts on deposit in such escrow account upon satisfaction of certain conditions or the occurrence of certain events. The term ``Escrowed Proceeds'' shall include any interest earned on the amounts held in escrow.
``euro'' or ``f'' means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union.
``Euroclear'' means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, or any successor securities clearing agency.
338

``European Government Obligations'' means any security that is (1) a direct obligation of Belgium, The Netherlands, France, Germany or any Permissible Jurisdiction, for the payment of which the full faith and credit of such country is pledged or (2) an obligation of a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of any such country the payment of which is unconditionally Guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by such country, which, in either case under the preceding clause (1) or (2), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof.
``European Union'' means all members of the European Union as of January 1, 2004.
``Exchange Act'' means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as amended.
``Excluded Contribution'' means Net Cash Proceeds or property or assets received by the Issuer after the Issue Date as capital contributions to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer or from the issuance or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares) of the Issuer, in each case, to the extent designated as an Excluded Contribution pursuant to an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer.
``Existing Senior Facilities Agreement'' means the senior facilities agreement dated June 30, 2011 between, inter alia, Lindorff Group AB as company and DnB Nor Bank ASA as facility agent, security agent and issuing bank.
``fair market value'' wherever such term is used in this ``Description of Senior Notes'' or the Indenture (except in relation to an enforcement action pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and except as otherwise specifically provided in this ``Description of Senior Notes'' or the Indenture), may be conclusively established by means of an Officer's Certificate or a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer setting out such fair market value as determined by such Officer or such Board of Directors, as applicable, in good faith.
``Governmental Authority'' means any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, self-regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including a central bank or stock exchange.
``Guarantee'' means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person, including any such obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person:
(1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreements to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise); or
(2) entered into primarily for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part),
provided, however, that the term ``Guarantee'' will not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term ``Guarantee'' used as a verb has a corresponding meaning.
``Guarantor'' means any Subsidiary Guarantor.
``Hedging Obligations'' of any Person means the obligations of such Person pursuant to any Interest Rate Agreement, Currency Agreement or Commodity Hedging Agreement (each, a ``Hedging Agreement'').
``Holder'' means each Person in whose name the Senior Notes are registered on the Registrar's books, which shall initially be the respective nominee of Clearstream and Euroclear.
``IFRS'' means International Financial Reporting Standards (formerly International Accounting Standards) (``IFRS'') endorsed from time to time by the European Union or any variation thereof with which the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries are, or may be, required to comply; provided that (other than with respect to the covenant described under the caption ``Reports'') at any date after the Issue
339

Date the Issuer may make an irrevocable election to establish that ``IFRS'' shall mean IFRS as in effect on a date that is on or prior to the date of such election.
``Immaterial Guarantee'' means a Guarantee of the Senior Notes given by an Immaterial Guarantor or a group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute an Immaterial Guarantor.
``Immaterial Guarantor'', in respect of a release of such guarantor, means a Subsidiary Guarantor which, together with its Restricted Subsidiaries, has generated 2.5% or less of the Issuer's Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements of the Issuer are available immediately preceding the date of such release.
``Incur'' means issue, create, assume, enter into any Guarantee of, incur, extend or otherwise become liable for; provided, however, that any Indebtedness or Capital Stock of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) will be deemed to be Incurred by such Restricted Subsidiary at the time it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and the terms ``Incurred'' and ``Incurrence'' have meanings correlative to the foregoing and any Indebtedness pursuant to any revolving credit or similar facility shall only be ``Incurred'' at the time any funds are borrowed thereunder.
``Indebtedness'' means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination (without duplication):
(1) the principal of indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money;
(2) the principal of obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments;
(3) all reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments (the amount of such obligations being equal at any time to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such letters of credit or other instruments plus the aggregate amount of drawings thereunder that have been reimbursed) (except to the extent such reimbursement obligations relate to trade payables and such obligations are satisfied within 30 days of Incurrence), in each case only to the extent that the underlying obligation in respect of which the instrument was issued would be treated as Indebtedness;
(4) the principal component of all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property (except trade payables), where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a means of raising finance, which purchase price is due more than one year after the date of placing such property in service or taking final delivery and title thereto;
(5) Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person;
(6) the principal component of all obligations, or liquidation preference, of such Person with respect to any Disqualified Stock or, with respect to any Restricted Subsidiary, any Preferred Stock (but excluding, in each case, any accrued dividends);
(7) the principal component of all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person; provided, however, that the amount of such Indebtedness will be the lesser of (a) the fair market value of such asset at such date of determination (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) and (b) the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Persons;
(8) Guarantees by such Person of the principal component of Indebtedness of other Persons to the extent Guaranteed by such Person; and
(9) to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, net obligations of such Person under Currency Agreements and Interest Rate Agreements (the amount of any such obligations to be equal at any time to the termination value of such agreement or arrangement giving rise to such obligation that would be payable by such Person at such time).
The term ``Indebtedness'' shall not include (a) Subordinated Shareholder Funding, (b) any lease, concession or license of property (or Guarantee thereof) which would be considered an operating lease under IFRS as in effect on the Issue Date, (c) any asset retirement obligations, (d) any prepayments of deposits received from clients or customers in the ordinary course of business, or (e) any obligations under any license, permit or other approval (or Guarantees given in respect of such obligations) Incurred prior to the Issue Date or in the ordinary course of business. For the avoidance of doubt and
340

notwithstanding the foregoing, the term ``Indebtedness'' excludes any accrued expenses and trade payables.
The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any time in the case of a revolving credit or similar facility shall be the total amounts of funds borrowed and then outstanding. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be determined as set forth above or otherwise provided in the Indenture, and (other than with respect to letters of credit or Guarantees or Indebtedness specified in clause (7), (8) or (9) above) shall equal the amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person (excluding any notes thereto) prepared on the basis of IFRS. Indebtedness represented by loans, notes or other debt instruments shall not be included to the extent funded with the proceeds of Indebtedness which the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has guaranteed or for which any of them is otherwise liable and which is otherwise included.
Notwithstanding the above provisions, in no event shall the following constitute Indebtedness:
(1) Contingent Obligations Incurred in the ordinary course of business and obligations under or in respect of Qualified Receivables Financings;
(2) in connection with the purchase by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of any business, any post-closing payment adjustments to which the seller may become entitled to the extent such payment is determined by a final closing balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of such business after the closing; provided, however, that, at the time of closing, the amount of any such payment is not determinable and, to the extent such payment thereafter becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid within 30 days thereafter; or
(3) for the avoidance of doubt, any obligations in respect of workers' compensation claims, early retirement or termination obligations, pension fund obligations or contributions or similar claims, obligations or contributions or social security or wage Taxes.
``Independent Financial Advisor'' means an investment banking or accounting firm of international standing or any third party appraiser of international standing; provided, however, that such firm or appraiser is not an Affiliate of the Issuer.
``Initial Investors'' means Nordic Capital Fund VIII Limited and any funds, partnerships or special purpose vehicles managed, advised or controlled, directly or indirectly, by Nordic Capital Fund VIII Limited or an Affiliate thereof, and, solely in their capacity as such, any limited partner of any such partnership or fund.
``Initial Public Offering'' means an Equity Offering of common stock or other common equity interests of the Issuer or any Parent or any successor of the Issuer or any Parent (the ``IPO Entity'') following which there is a Public Market and, as a result of which, the shares of common stock or other common equity interests of the IPO Entity in such offering are listed on an internationally recognized exchange or traded on an internationally recognized market.
``Intercreditor Agreement'' means the intercreditor agreement to be dated on or about the Issue Date and as may be amended from time to time and made between, amongst others, the Issuer, the Security Agent, the lenders under the RCF Facility Agreement, the senior agent under the RCF Facility Agreement, and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as Trustee and as trustee for the Senior Secured Notes.
``Interest Rate Agreement'' means, with respect to any Person, any interest rate protection agreement, interest rate future agreement, interest rate option agreement, interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedge agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement to which such Person is party or a beneficiary.
``Investment'' means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of any direct or indirect advance, loan or other extensions of credit (other than advances or extensions of credit to customers, suppliers, directors, officers or employees of any Person in the ordinary course of business, and excluding any debt or extension of credit represented by a bank deposit other than a time deposit) or capital contribution to (by means of any transfer of cash or other property to others or any payment for property or services for the account or use of others), or the Incurrence of a Guarantee of any obligation of, or any purchase or acquisition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other similar instruments issued by, such other Persons and all other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared on the basis of IFRS; provided, however, that endorsements of negotiable instruments and documents in the ordinary course of
341

business will not be deemed to be an Investment. If the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, sells or otherwise disposes of any Capital Stock of a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after giving effect thereto, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, any Investment by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Person remaining after giving effect thereto will be deemed to be a new Investment at such time.
For purposes of ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments:''
(1) ``Investment'' will include the portion (proportionate to the Issuer's equity interest in a Restricted Subsidiary to be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer at the time that such Restricted Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Issuer will be deemed to continue to have a permanent ``Investment'' in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Issuer's ``Investment'' in such Subsidiary at the time of the designation of such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary less (b) the portion (proportionate to the Issuer's equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets (as conclusively determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer in good faith) of such Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary is so re-designated a Restricted Subsidiary; and
(2) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary will be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer, in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment, reduced (at the Issuer's option) by any dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount or value received in respect of such Investment.
``Investment Company Act'' means the U.S. Investment Company Act 1940, as amended.
``Investment Grade Securities'' means:
(1) securities issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents);
(2) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by a Permissible Jurisdiction or Switzerland, Norway or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents);
(3) debt securities or debt instruments with a rating of ``A'' or higher from S&P or ``A3'' or higher by Moody's or the equivalent of such rating by such rating organization or, if no rating of Moody's or S&P then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any other Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or advances among the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and
(4) investments in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) above which fund may also hold cash and Cash Equivalents pending investment or distribution.
``Investment Grade Status'' shall occur when the Senior Notes receive both of the following:
(1) a rating of ``BBB'' or higher from S&P; and
(2) a rating of ``Baa3'' or higher from Moody's;
or the equivalent of such rating by either such rating organization or, if no rating of Moody's or S&P then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any other Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization.
``IPO Market Capitalization'' means an amount equal to (1) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock or common equity interests of the IPO Entity at the time of closing of the Initial Public Offering multiplied by (2) the price per share at which such shares of common stock or common equity interests are sold in such Initial Public Offering.
``Issue Date'' means August 6, 2014.
``Junior Pari Passu Indebtedness'' means Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor if such Indebtedness or Guarantee ranks equally in right of payment to the Senior Notes or the Senior Notes Guarantees, as the case may be.
342

``Lien'' means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof).
``Management Advances'' means loans or advances made to, or Guarantees with respect to loans or advances made to, directors, officers, employees or consultants of any Parent, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary:
(1) (a) in respect of travel, entertainment or moving related expenses Incurred in the ordinary course of business or (b) for purposes of funding any such person's purchase of Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding (or similar obligations) of the Issuer, its Subsidiaries or any Parent with (in the case of this sub-clause (b)) the approval of the Board of Directors of the Issuer;
(2) in respect of moving related expenses Incurred in connection with any closing or consolidation of any facility or office; or
(3) not exceeding e5 million in the aggregate outstanding at any time.
``Management Investors'' means the current or, to the extent any Voting Stock held by them were received in their capacity as such, former, officers, directors, employees and other members of the management of or consultants to any Parent, the Issuer or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or spouses, family members or relatives thereof, or any trust, partnership or other entity for the benefit of or the beneficial owner of which (directly or indirectly) is any of the foregoing, or any of their heirs, executors, successors and legal representatives, who at any date beneficially own or have the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, Capital Stock of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent.
``Market Capitalization'' means an amount equal to (1) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock or common equity interests of the IPO Entity on the date of the declaration of the relevant dividend multiplied by (2) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common stock or common equity interests for the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such dividend.
``Moody's'' means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any of its successors or assigns that is a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization.
``Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization'' means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.
``Net Available Cash'' from an Asset Disposition means cash payments received (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or otherwise and net proceeds from the sale or other disposition of any securities received as consideration, but only as and when received, but excluding any other consideration received in the form of assumption by the acquiring person of Indebtedness or other obligations relating to the properties or assets that are the subject of such Asset Disposition or received in any other non-cash form) therefrom, in each case net of:
(1) all legal, accounting, investment banking, title and recording tax expenses, commissions and other fees and expenses Incurred, and all Taxes paid or required to be paid or accrued as a liability under IFRS (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing agreements), as a consequence of such Asset Disposition;
(2) all payments made on any Indebtedness which is secured by any assets subject to such Asset Disposition, in accordance with the terms of any Lien upon such assets, or which by its terms or by applicable law are required to be repaid out of the proceeds from such Asset Disposition;
(3) all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders (other than any Parent, the Issuer or any of their respective Subsidiaries) in Subsidiaries or joint ventures as a result of such Asset Disposition; and
(4) the deduction of appropriate amounts required to be provided by the seller as a reserve, on the basis of IFRS, against any liabilities associated with the assets disposed of in such Asset Disposition and retained by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary after such Asset Disposition.
``Net Cash Proceeds,'' with respect to any issuance or sale of Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding or Incurrence of any Indebtedness, means the cash proceeds of such issuance or sale net of attorneys' fees, accountants' fees, underwriters' or placement agents' fees, listing fees, discounts or commissions and brokerage, consultant and other fees and charges actually Incurred in
343

connection with such issuance or sale and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such issuance or sale (after taking into account any available tax credit or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements).
``Officer'' means, with respect to any Person, (1) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Managing Director, or the Secretary (a) of such Person or (b) if such Person is owned or managed by a single entity, of such entity, or (2) any other individual designated as an ``Officer'' for the purposes of the Indenture by the Board of Directors of such Person.
``Officer's Certificate'' means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed by one Officer of such Person.
``Opinion of Counsel'' means a written opinion from legal counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer or its Subsidiaries.
``Parent'' means any Person of which the Issuer at any time is or becomes a Subsidiary after the Issue Date and any holding companies established by any Permitted Holder for purposes of holding its investment in any Parent.
``Parent Expenses'' means:
(1) costs (including all professional fees and expenses) Incurred by any Parent in connection with reporting obligations under or otherwise Incurred in connection with compliance with applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory body or stock exchange, the Indenture or any other agreement or instrument relating to Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, including in respect of any reports filed with respect to the Securities Act, Exchange Act or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;
(2) customary indemnification obligations of any Parent owing to directors, officers, employees or other Persons under its charter or by-laws or pursuant to written agreements with any such Person to the extent relating to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;
(3) obligations of any Parent in respect of director and officer insurance (including premiums therefor) to the extent relating to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;
(4) fees and expenses payable by any Parent in connection with the Transactions;
(5) general corporate overhead expenses, including (a) professional fees and expenses and other administrative, general corporate and operational expenses of any Parent related to the ownership or operation of the business of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) any franchise, capital, registration, or similar taxes and other fees and expenses required to maintain any Parent's corporate existence and to provide for other ordinary course operating costs, including customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to officers and employees of such Parent and to pay reasonable directors' fees and to reimburse reasonable out of pocket expenses of the Board of Directors of such Parent and to pay fees and expenses, as incurred, of an acquisition, where the proceeds of such acquisition were contributed to or combined with the Issuer or its Related Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount pursuant to this clause (b) not to exceed e2 million in any fiscal year; or (c) costs and expenses with respect to any litigation or other dispute relating to the Transactions or the ownership, directly or indirectly, by any Parent;
(6) other fees, expenses and costs relating directly or indirectly to activities of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or any Parent or any other Person established for purposes of or in connection with the Transactions or which holds directly or indirectly any Capital Stock or Subordinated Shareholder Funding of the Issuer, in an amount not to exceed e2 million in any fiscal year; and
(7) expenses Incurred by any Parent in connection with any Public Offering or other sale of Capital Stock or Indebtedness:
(a) where the net proceeds of such offering or sale are intended to be received by or contributed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;
(b) in a pro-rated amount of such expenses in proportion to the amount of such net proceeds intended to be so received or contributed; or
344

(c) otherwise on an interim basis prior to completion of such offering so long as any Parent shall cause the amount of such expenses to be repaid to the Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary out of the proceeds of such offering promptly if completed.
``Paying Agent'' means any Person authorized by the Issuer to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on any Senior Note on behalf of the Issuer.
``Permissible Jurisdiction'' means any member state of the European Union (other than Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Italy and Spain so long as European Government Obligations issued, or unconditionally guaranteed, by the governments of such jurisdictions do not have a rating of ``BBB'' or higher from S&P and ``Baa3'' or higher from Moody's (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization)).
``Permitted Asset Swap'' means the substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange of assets used or useful in a Similar Business or a combination of such assets and cash, Cash Equivalents or Temporary Cash Investments between the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person; provided that any cash or Cash Equivalents received in excess of the value of any cash or Cash Equivalents sold or exchanged must be applied in accordance with the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock.''
``Permitted Collateral Liens'' means:
(1) Liens on the Collateral (a) arising by operation of law or contract that are described in one or more of clauses (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (8), (9), (11), (12), (18) and (20) of the definition of ``Permitted Liens'' or (b) that are Liens in secured accounts equally and ratably granted to cash management banks securing cash management obligations;
(2) Liens on the Second-Ranking Collateral to secure the Senior Secured Notes and Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is permitted to be Incurred under the first paragraph and clause (1) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'';
(3) (a) Liens on the Second-Ranking Collateral to secure Hedging Obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an Interest Rate Agreement or Currency Agreement Incurred under clause (6) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' to the extent such Hedging Obligations relate to the Senior Secured Notes, Indebtedness incurred under the first paragraph and clause (1) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' and other Hedging Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business pursuant to an Interest Rate Agreement or Currency Agreement not to exceed e20 million at any time outstanding (the ``Super Priority Hedging Obligations'') and (b) Liens on the Collateral to secure Hedging Obligations of the Issuer pursuant to an Interest Rate Agreement or Currency Agreement incurred under clause (6) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' to the extent such Hedging Obligatoins related to the Senior Notes or any Additional Senior Notes;
(4) Liens on the Collateral to secure Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary that is permitted to be Incurred under clauses (2) (to the extent such Guarantee is in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be secured and specified in this definition of Permitted Collateral Liens), (4)(a) and (c) (if the original Indebtedness was so secured), (5)(b), (11) or (12) (provided that with respect to such clauses (11) and (12), Liens securing Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary shall only apply to Second-Ranking Collateral) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness; provided, however, that such Lien will not give an entitlement to be repaid with proceeds of enforcement of the Second-Ranking Collateral in a manner which is inconsistent with the Intercreditor Agreement and/or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement; and further provided that any such Lien permitted by this clause (4) ranks either (a) (except to the extent specified above) equal or junior to the Liens on such Collateral (other than Second-Ranking Collateral) securing the Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees, and in the case of Permitted Collateral Liens on the Collateral to secure Additional Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto, all assets and properties that secured the Additional Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto secure the Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto or (b) junior to Liens securing the Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees if the Lien secures Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor; and
345

(5) Liens on the Collateral securing Indebtedness of the Issuer incurred under the first paragraph and clause (1) of the second paragraph of ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness;'' provided that any such Lien permitted by this clause (5) ranks either (a) equal or junior to all other Liens on such Collateral (other than Second-Ranking Collateral) securing the Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees, and in the case of Permitted Collateral Liens on the Collateral to secure Additional Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto, all assets and properties that secured the Additional Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto secure the Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees with respect thereto or (b) junior to Liens securing the Senior Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantees if the Lien secures Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor,
provided that each of the parties to Indebtedness secured by Permitted Collateral Liens pursuant to clauses (2), (3), (4) or (5) hereof or their agent, representative or trustee will have entered into, or acceded to, the Intercreditor Agreement or an Additional Intercreditor Agreement.
``Permitted Holders'' means, collectively, (1) the Initial Investors or any Affiliate thereof, (2) Senior Management, (3) any Related Person of any of the foregoing and (4) any Person who is acting as an underwriter in connection with a public or private offering of Capital Stock of any Parent or the Issuer, acting in such capacity. Any person or group whose acquisition of beneficial ownership constitutes a Change of Control in respect of which a Change of Control Offer is made in accordance with the requirements of the Indenture or will thereafter, together with its Affiliates, constitute an additional Permitted Holder.
``Permitted Investment'' means (in each case, by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries):
(1) Investments in (a) a Restricted Subsidiary (including the Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary) or the Issuer or (b) a Person (including the Capital Stock of any such Person) that is engaged in any Similar Business and such Person will, upon the making of such Investment, become a Restricted Subsidiary;
(2) Investments in another Person if such Person is engaged in any Similar Business and as a result of such Investment such other Person is merged, consolidated or otherwise combined with or into, or transfers or conveys all or substantially all its assets to, the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;
(3) Investments in cash, Cash Equivalents, Temporary Cash Investments or Investment Grade Securities;
(4) Investments in receivables owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary created or acquired in the ordinary course of business;
(5) Investments in payroll, travel and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business;
(6) Management Advances;
(7) Investments received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, or as a result of foreclosure, perfection or enforcement of any Lien, or in satisfaction of disputes or judgments or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement including upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of a debtor;
(8) Investments made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from a sale or other disposition of property or assets, including an Asset Disposition, in each case, that was made in compliance with ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock;''
(9) Investments in existence on, or made pursuant to legally binding commitments in existence on, the Issue Date and any extension, modification or renewal of any Investment existing on, or made pursuant to a binding commitment existing on, the Issue Date;
(10) Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements, Commodity Hedging Agreements and related Hedging Obligations, which transactions or obligations are Incurred in compliance with ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness;''
(11) Investments, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (11) and at any time outstanding, in an aggregate amount at the time of such Investment not to exceed the greater of e35 million and 2.0% of Total Assets; provided that, if an Investment is made pursuant to this clause in a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted
346

Subsidiary or is subsequently designated a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of the definition of ``Permitted Investments'' and not this clause;
(12) pledges or deposits with respect to leases or utilities provided to third parties in the ordinary course of business or Liens otherwise described in the definition of ``Permitted Liens'' or made in connection with Liens permitted under the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Liens;''
(13) any Investment to the extent made using Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock or Designated Preference Shares), Subordinated Shareholder Funding or Capital Stock of any Parent as consideration;
(14) any transaction to the extent constituting an Investment that is permitted and made in accordance with the provisions of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Affiliate Transactions'' (except those described in clauses (1), (3), (6), (8), (9) and (12) of that paragraph);
(15) Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials and equipment or licenses or leases of intellectual property, in any case, in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the Indenture;
(16) guarantees, keepwells and similar arrangements not prohibited by the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness;''
(17) Investments in the Senior Notes, the Senior Secured Notes and any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(18) Investments acquired after the Issue Date as a result of the acquisition by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of another Person, including by way of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a transaction that is not prohibited by the Indenture to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on, or made pursuant to binding commitments existing on, the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; and
(19) Investments in joint ventures in a Similar Business or in Unrestricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate fair market value (measured on the date each such Investment was made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value), when taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (19) that are at the time outstanding not to exceed e25 million; provided that, if an Investment is made pursuant to this clause in a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is subsequently designated a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments,'' such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of the definition of ``Permitted Investments'' and not this clause.
``Permitted Liens'' means, with respect to any Person:
(1) Liens on assets or property of a Restricted Subsidiary securing any Senior Indebtedness and any Guarantee thereof permitted by the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness''; and Liens on assets or property of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Issuer or a Guarantor securing Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Issuer or a Guarantor;
(2) pledges, deposits or Liens under workmen's compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws, social security laws or similar legislation, or insurance related obligations (including pledges or deposits securing liability to insurance carriers under insurance or self-insurance arrangements), or in connection with bids, tenders, completion guarantees, contracts (other than for borrowed money) or leases, or to secure utilities, licenses, public or statutory obligations, or to secure surety, indemnity, judgment, appeal or performance bonds, guarantees of government contracts (or other similar bonds, instruments or obligations), or as security for contested taxes or import or customs duties or for the payment of rent, or other obligations of like nature, in each case Incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(3) Liens imposed by law, including carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', landlords', materialmen's and repairmen's or other like Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue for a period of more than 60 days or that are bonded or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;
347

(4) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that appropriate reserves required pursuant to IFRS have been made in respect thereof;
(5) Liens in favor of the issuers of surety, performance or other bonds, guarantees or letters of credit or bankers' acceptances (not issued to support Indebtedness for borrowed money) issued pursuant to the request of and for the account of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business;
(6) encumbrances, ground leases, easements (including reciprocal easement agreements), survey exceptions, or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights of way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or zoning, building codes or other restrictions (including minor defects or irregularities in title and similar encumbrances) as to the use of real properties or Liens incidental to the conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries or to the ownership of its properties which do not in the aggregate materially adversely affect the value of said properties or materially impair their use in the operation of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(7) Liens on assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary securing Hedging Obligations permitted under the Indenture;
(8) leases, licenses, subleases and sublicenses of assets (including real property and intellectual property rights), in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(9) Liens arising out of judgments, decrees, orders or awards not giving rise to an Event of Default so long as any appropriate legal proceedings which may have been duly initiated for the review of such judgment, decree, order or award have not been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be initiated has not expired;
(10) Liens on assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose of securing Capitalized Lease Obligations or Purchase Money Obligations, or securing the payment of all or a part of the purchase price of, or securing other Indebtedness Incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, improvement or construction of, assets or property acquired or constructed in the ordinary course of business; provided that (a) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens is otherwise permitted to be Incurred under clause (7) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' and (b) any such Lien may not extend to any assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary other than assets or property acquired, improved, constructed or leased with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and any improvements or accessions to such assets and property;
(11) Liens arising by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to banker's Liens (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Liens created pursuant to the general banking conditions of a bank operating in the Netherlands), rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a depositary or financial institution;
(12) Liens arising from Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings (or similar filings in other applicable jurisdictions) regarding operating leases entered into by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;
(13) Liens existing on the Issue Date after giving effect to the Transactions;
(14) Liens on property, other assets or shares of stock of a Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (or at the time the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary acquires such property, other assets or shares of stock, including any acquisition by means of a merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary); provided, however, that such Liens are not created, Incurred or assumed in anticipation of or in connection with such other Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary (or such acquisition of such property, other assets or stock); provided, further, that such Liens are limited to all or part of the same property, other assets or stock (plus improvements, accession, proceeds or dividends or distributions in connection with the original property, other assets or stock) that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which such Liens arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate;
348

(15) Liens on assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary, or Liens in favor of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(16) Liens (other than Permitted Collateral Liens) securing Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred to refinance Indebtedness that was previously so secured, and permitted to be secured under the Indenture; provided that any such Lien is limited to all or part of the same property or assets (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which the original Lien arose, could secure) the Indebtedness being refinanced or is in respect of property that is or could be the security for or subject to a Permitted Lien hereunder;
(17) any interest or title of a lessor under any Capitalized Lease Obligation or operating lease;
(18) (a) mortgages, liens, security interests, restrictions, encumbrances or any other matters of record that have been placed by any government, statutory or regulatory authority, developer, landlord or other third party on property over which the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer has easement rights or on any leased property and subordination or similar arrangements relating thereto and (b) any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings affecting any real property;
(19) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement;
(20) Liens on property or assets under construction (and related rights) in favor of a contractor or developer or arising from progress or partial payments by a third party relating to such property or assets;
(21) Liens on cash accounts securing Indebtedness incurred under clause (15) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' with local financial institutions;
(22) Liens on Escrowed Proceeds for the benefit of the related holders of debt securities or other Indebtedness (or the underwriters or arrangers thereof) or on cash set aside at the time of the Incurrence of any Indebtedness or government securities purchased with such cash, in either case, to the extent such cash or government securities prefund the payment of interest on such Indebtedness and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose;
(23) Liens securing or arising by reason of any netting or set-off arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of banking or other trading activities, or liens over cash accounts and receivables securing cash pooling or cash management arrangements;
(24) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, hire purchase, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(25) Liens Incurred in the ordinary course of business with respect to obligations which do not exceed e35 million at any one time outstanding;
(26) Permitted Collateral Liens;
(27) Liens on Capital Stock or other securities or assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that secure Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary;
(28) any security granted over the marketable securities portfolio described in clause (9) of the definition of ``Cash Equivalents'' in connection with the disposal thereof to a third party;
(29) Liens on Receivables Assets Incurred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing;
(30) Liens on cash, Cash Equivalents or other property arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness;
(31) Liens on certain receivables acquired pursuant to the transaction described under ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Recent Developments'' that secure Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred under clause (11) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' which Liens arise in connection with vendor financing described under ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Recent Developments''; and
349

(32) any extension, renewal or replacement, in whole or in part, of any Lien described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (31) (other than clause (25)); provided that any such extension, renewal or replacement shall be no more restrictive in any material respect than the Lien so extended, renewed or replaced and shall not extend in any material respect to any additional property or assets.
``Person'' means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.
``Portfolio Assets'' means all (a) Right to Collect Accounts, (b) performing, sub performing or charged-off accounts, loans, receivables, mortgages, debentures and claims, and (c) other similar assets or instruments which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in each case exclude any Trust Management Assets and any Right to Collect Accounts, performing accounts, sub-performing accounts, charged-off accounts, cash and bank accounts, loans, receivables, mortgages, debentures, claims or other similar assets or instruments which are or will (from acquisition) be held on trust for a third party which is not the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary.
``Portfolio ERC Model'' means the models and methodologies that the Issuer uses to calculate the value of its ERC and those of its Subsidiaries, consistently with its most recent audited financial statements as of such date of determination.
``Preferred Stock,'' as applied to the Capital Stock of any Person, means Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) which is preferred as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such Person, over shares of Capital Stock of any other class of such Person.
``Pro Forma Consolidated Gross Assets'' means, with respect to any specified Person as of any date, the total assets of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS, excluding all intra group items, investments in any Subsidiaries of such Person of or by such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and goodwill giving pro forma effect to any acquisitions (including through mergers or consolidations) and dispositions that have occurred subsequent to such period.
``Proceeds Loan'' means that certain loan to be made on or about the Completion Date by the Issuer as lender, to the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, as borrower, with all or a portion of the proceeds from the issue of the Senior Notes.
``Public Debt'' means any Indebtedness consisting of bonds, debentures, notes or other similar debt securities issued in (1) a public offering registered under the Securities Act or (2) a private placement to institutional investors that is underwritten for resale in accordance with Rule 144A or Regulation S under the Securities Act, whether or not it includes registration rights entitling the holders of such debt securities to registration thereof with the SEC for public resale.
``Public Market'' means any time after:
(1) an Equity Offering has been consummated; and
(2) shares of common stock or other common equity interests of the IPO Entity having a market value in excess of e50 million on the date of such Equity Offering have been distributed pursuant to such Equity Offering.
``Public Offering'' means any offering, including an Initial Public Offering, of shares of common stock or other common equity interests that are listed on an exchange or publicly offered (which shall include an offering pursuant to Rule 144A and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act to professional market investors or similar persons).
``Purchase Money Obligations'' means any Indebtedness Incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, leasing, construction or improvement of property (real or personal) or assets (including Capital Stock), and whether acquired through the direct acquisition of such property or assets or the acquisition of the Capital Stock of any Person owning such property or assets, or otherwise.
``Qualified Receivables Financing'' means any Receivables Financing of a Receivables Subsidiary that meets the following conditions: (1) an Officer or the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall have determined in good faith that such Qualified Receivables Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and
350

reasonable to the Issuer and the Receivables Subsidiary, (2) all sales of accounts receivable and related assets to the Receivables Subsidiary are made at fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Issuer), and (3) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof shall be on market terms (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) and may include Standard Securitization Undertakings.
The grant of a security interest in any accounts receivable of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Subsidiary) to secure Indebtedness under a Credit Facility or Indebtedness in respect of the Senior Notes shall not be deemed a Qualified Receivables Financing.
``RCF Facility Agreement'' means the e225 million multicurrency revolving credit facility agreement to be entered into on or before the Issue Date between, amongst others, the Issuer, Nordea Bank AB (publ), as facility agent, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as security agent, and Nordea Bank Norge ASA as arranger and as may be amended from time to time.
``RCF Finance Documents'' means the RCF Facility Agreement and such other documents identified as ``Finance Documents'' pursuant to the RCF Facility Agreement.
``Receivables Assets'' means any assets that are or will be the subject of a Qualified Receivables Financing.
``Receivables Fees'' means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, any Receivables Financing.
``Receivables Financing'' means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, convey or otherwise transfer to (1) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries), or (2) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto, including all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interest are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable and any Hedging Obligations entered into by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary in connection with such accounts receivable.
``Receivables Repurchase Obligation'' means any obligation of a seller of receivables in a Qualified Receivables Financing to repurchase receivables arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant or otherwise, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, off-set or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller.
``Receivables Subsidiary'' means a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Issuer (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Qualified Receivables Financing with the Issuer in which the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer makes an Investment and to which the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer transfers accounts receivable and related assets) which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, all proceeds thereof and all rights (contractual or other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Issuer (as provided below) as a Receivables Subsidiary and:
(1) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is subject to terms that are substantially equivalent in effect to a guarantee of any losses on securitized or sold receivables by the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, (iii) is recourse to or obligates the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (iv) subjects any property or asset of the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings;
351

(2) with which neither the Issuer nor any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer has any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the Issuer reasonably believes to be no less favorable to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Issuer; and
(3) to which neither the Issuer nor any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity's financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results.
Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer giving effect to such designation and an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions.
``Refinance'' means refinance, refund, replace, renew, repay, modify, restate, defer, substitute, supplement, reissue, resell, extend or increase (including pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism) and the terms ``refinances,'' ``refinanced'' and ``refinancing'' as used for any purpose in the Indenture shall have a correlative meaning.
``Refinancing Indebtedness'' means Indebtedness that is Incurred to refund, refinance, replace, exchange, renew, repay or extend (including pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism) any Indebtedness existing on the date of the Indenture or Incurred in compliance with the Indenture (including Indebtedness of the Issuer that refinances Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary and Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness of the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary) including Indebtedness that refinances Refinancing Indebtedness; provided, however, that:
(1) if the Indebtedness being refinanced constitutes Subordinated Indebtedness, the Refinancing Indebtedness has a final Stated Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred that is the same as or later than the final Stated Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced or, if shorter, the Senior Notes;
(2) such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred in an aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, an aggregate issue price) that is equal to or less than the sum of the aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, the aggregate accreted value) then outstanding of the Indebtedness being refinanced (plus, without duplication, any additional Indebtedness Incurred to pay interest or premiums required by the instruments governing such existing Indebtedness and costs, expenses and fees Incurred in connection therewith);
(3) if the Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor was the obligor on the Indebtedness being refinanced, such Indebtedness is incurred either by the Issuer or by a Guarantor; and
(4) if the Indebtedness being refinanced is expressly subordinated to the Senior Notes or the Guarantees, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated to the Senior Notes or the Guarantees on terms at least as favorable to the Holders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being refinanced,
provided, however, that Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Credit Facility or any other Indebtedness may be Incurred from time to time after the termination, discharge or repayment of any such Credit Facility or other Indebtedness; provided that it is used to refinance the amounts used to discharge in full such Credit Facility or other Indebtedness within three months of the relevant termination, discharge or repayment.
``Related Person'' with respect to any Permitted Holder means:
(1) any controlling equityholder or Subsidiary of such Person; or
(2) in the case of an individual, any spouse, family member or relative of such individual, any trust or partnership for the benefit of one or more of such individual and any such spouse, family member or relative, or the estate, executor, administrator, committee or beneficiaries of any thereof; or
(3) any trust, corporation, partnership or other Person for which one or more of the Permitted Holders and other Related Persons of any thereof constitute the beneficiaries, stockholders, partners or owners
352

thereof, or Persons beneficially holding in the aggregate a majority (or more) controlling interest therein; or
(4) in the case of the Initial Investors any investment fund or vehicle managed, sponsored or advised by such Person or any successor thereto, or by any Affiliate of such Person or any such successor.
``Related Taxes'' means:
(1) any Taxes, including sales, use, transfer, rental, ad valorem, value added, stamp, property, consumption, franchise, license, capital, registration, business, customs, net worth, gross receipts, excise, occupancy, intangibles or similar Taxes (other than (x) Taxes measured by income and (y) withholding imposed on payments made by any Parent), required to be paid (provided such Taxes are in fact paid) by any Parent by virtue of its:
(a) being organized or having Capital Stock outstanding (but not by virtue of owning stock or other equity interests of any corporation or other entity other than, directly or indirectly, the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries);
(b) issuing or holding Subordinated Shareholder Funding;
(c) being a holding company parent, directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries;
(d) receiving dividends from or other distributions in respect of the Capital Stock of, directly or indirectly, the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries; or
(e) having made any payment in respect to any of the items for which the Issuer is permitted to make payments to any Parent pursuant to ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments;'' or
(2) if and for so long as the Issuer is a member of a group filing a consolidated or combined tax return with any Parent, any Taxes measured by income for which such Parent is liable up to an amount not to exceed with respect to such Taxes the amount of any such Taxes that the Issuer and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay on a separate company basis or on a consolidated basis if the Issuer and its Subsidiaries had paid tax on a consolidated, combined, group, affiliated or unitary basis on behalf of an affiliated group consisting only of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
``Restricted Investment'' means any Investment other than a Permitted Investment.
``Restricted Subsidiary'' means any Subsidiary of the Issuer other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
``Reversion Date'' means, after the Senior Notes have achieved Investment Grade Status, the date, if any, that such Senior Notes shall cease to have such Investment Grade Status.
``Right to Collect Account'' means a performing, sub-performing or charged-off account, loan, receivable, mortgage, debenture or claim, or other similar asset or instrument that is owned by a person that is not the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a ``Third Party'') and in respect of which (a) such Third Party is unable or unwilling to dispose of the relevant performing, sub-performing or charged-off account, loan, receivable, mortgage, debenture or claim, or other similar asset or instrument to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary; and (b) the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary is entitled to collect and retain substantially all of the amounts due under such performing, sub-performing or charged-off account, loan, receivable, mortgage, debenture or claim, or other similar asset or instrument or to receive amounts equivalent thereto.
``S&P'' means Standard & Poor's Investors Ratings Services or any of its successors or assigns that is a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization.
``SEC'' means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.
``Secured Indebtedness'' means any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on a basis senior to the security in favor of the Senior Notes or the Subsidiary Guarantees.
``Securities Act'' means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as amended.
``Security Documents'' means the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and each collateral pledge agreement, security assignment agreement or other document under which collateral is pledged to secure the Senior Notes.
353

``SEK'' means the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden.
``SEK Floating Rate Applicable Premium'' means, with regard to any SEK Floating Rate Note, the greater of:
(1) 1% of the principal amount of such SEK Floating Rate Note; and
(2) on any redemption date, the excess (to the extent positive) of:
(a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of such SEK Floating Rate Note at August 15, 2018 (such redemption price (expressed in percentage of principal amount) being set forth in the table under ``--Optional Redemption'' (excluding accrued but unpaid interest)), plus (ii) all required interest payments on such SEK Floating Rate Note to and including August 15, 2018 using a discount rate equal to the Swedish Government Bond Rate at such redemption date plus 50 basis points and assuming that the rate of interest on such SEK Floating Rate Notes from the redemption date through August 15, 2018 will equal the rate of interest on such SEK Floating Rate Notes in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given; over
(b) the outstanding principal amount of such SEK Floating Rate Note,
as calculated by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer by such Person as the Issuer shall designate. For the avoidance of doubt, calculation of the SEK Floating Rate Applicable Premium shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee, Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent.
``Senior Indebtedness'' means, whether outstanding on the Issue Date or Incurred thereafter, all amounts payable by, under or in respect of all other Indebtedness of any Guarantor, including premiums and accrued unpaid interest (including interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization relating to such Guarantor at the rate specified in the documentation with respect thereto, whether or not a claim for post filing interest is allowed in such proceeding) and fees and other obligations relating thereto; provided, however, that Senior Indebtedness will not include:
(1) any Indebtedness Incurred in violation of the Indenture;
(2) any obligation of any Guarantor to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(3) any liability for taxes owed or owing by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(4) any accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees thereof or instruments evidencing such liabilities);
(5) any Indebtedness, guarantee or obligation of any Subsidiary Guarantor that is pari passu or expressly subordinate in right of payment to the Subsidiary Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor; or
(6) any Capital Stock.
``Senior Management'' means the officers, directors, and other members of senior management of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, who at any date beneficially own or have the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent and with an equity investment in excess of e100,000.
``Senior Note Documents'' means the Senior Notes (including Additional Senior Notes), the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents.
``Senior Secured Notes'' means (i) the e550 million aggregate principal amount of the 7.000% fixed rate notes due 2021, (ii) the e252.5 million aggregate principal amount of the floating rate notes due 2020 and (iii) NOK 1.68 billion aggregate principal amount of the floating rate notes due 2020, in each case to be issued by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer on or about the Issue Date.
``Senior Secured Notes Indenture'' means the indenture for the Senior Secured Notes, as it may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.
``Senior Secured Notes Issuer'' means Lock AS.
``Significant Subsidiary'' means any Restricted Subsidiary that meets any of the following conditions:
(1) the Issuer's and its Restricted Subsidiaries' investments in and advances to the Restricted Subsidiary exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year;
354

(2) the Issuer's and its Restricted Subsidiaries' proportionate share of the total assets (after intercompany eliminations) of the Restricted Subsidiary exceeds 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year; or
(3) the Issuer's and its Restricted Subsidiaries' equity in the income from continuing operations before income taxes, extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle of the Restricted Subsidiary exceeds 10% of such income of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed fiscal year.
``Similar Business'' means (1) any businesses, services or activities engaged in by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any Associates on the Issue Date and (2) any businesses, services and activities engaged in by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any Associates that are related, complementary, incidental, ancillary or similar to any of the foregoing or are extensions or developments of any thereof.
``Standard Securitization Undertakings'' means representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and guarantees of performance entered into by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer which the Issuer has determined in good faith to be customary in a Receivables Financing, including those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Receivables Subsidiary, it being understood that any Receivables Repurchase Obligation shall be deemed to be a Standard Securitization Undertaking.
``Stated Maturity'' means, with respect to any security, the date specified in such security as the fixed date on which the payment of principal of such security is due and payable, including pursuant to any mandatory redemption provision, but shall not include any contingent obligations to repay, redeem or repurchase any such principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof.
``Subordinated Indebtedness'' means, with respect to any person, any Indebtedness (whether outstanding on the Issue Date or thereafter Incurred) which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Notes or its Guarantees pursuant to a written agreement.
``Subordinated Shareholder Funding'' means, collectively, any funds provided to the Issuer by a Parent in exchange for or pursuant to any security, instrument or agreement other than Capital Stock, in each case issued to and held by a Parent or a Permitted Holder, together with any such security, instrument or agreement and any other security or instrument other than Capital Stock issued in payment of any obligation under any Subordinated Shareholder Funding; provided, however, that such Subordinated Shareholder Funding:
(1) does not mature or require any amortization, redemption or other repayment of principal or any sinking fund payment prior to the first anniversary of the Stated Maturity of the Senior Notes (other than through conversion or exchange of such funding into Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any funding meeting the requirements of this definition);
(2) does not require, prior to the first anniversary of the Stated Maturity of the Senior Notes, payment of cash interest, cash withholding amounts or other cash gross-ups, or any similar cash amounts;
(3) contains no change of control or similar provisions and does not accelerate and has no right to declare a default or event of default or take any enforcement action or otherwise require any cash payment, in each case, prior to the first anniversary of the Stated Maturity of the Senior Notes;
(4) does not provide for or require any security interest or encumbrance over any asset of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; and
(5) pursuant to its terms is fully subordinated and junior in right of payment to the Senior Notes pursuant to subordination, payment blockage and enforcement limitation terms which are customary in all material respects for similar funding.
``Subsidiary'' means, with respect to any Person:
(1) any corporation, association, socie´te´ d'exercice libe´ral or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders' agreement or other arrangement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; or
355

(2) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity (other than entities covered by clause (a) of this definition) of which:
(a) more than 50% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership interests or otherwise; and
(b) such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity.
``Subsidiary Guarantor'' means each of (i) Lock AS, Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-invest AB, Lindorff AB, Lindorff Second Holding AB, Lindorff Group AB, Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH, Lindorff Holding GmbH, Lindorff Deutschland GmbH, Lindorff Sverige Holding AB, Lindorff Capital AS, Lindorff Sverige AB, Lindorff Finland Oy, Lindorff Oy, Lindorff Invest Oy, Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V., Lindorff Netherlands B.V., Lindorff B.V., Lindorff Holding Norway AS, Lindorff Norge AS, Lindorff AS and Lindorff Danmark A/S and (ii) if and when they accede to the Indenture as Guarantors, the Additional Spanish Guarantors, in each case together with their successors and assigns.
``Successor Parent'' with respect to any Person means any other Person with more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of which is, at the time the first Person becomes a Subsidiary of such other Person, ``beneficially owned'' (as defined below) by one or more Persons that ``beneficially owned'' (as defined below) more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the first Person immediately prior to the first Person becoming a Subsidiary of such other Person. For purposes hereof, ``beneficially own'' has the meaning correlative to the term ``beneficial owner,'' as such term is defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (as in effect on the Issue Date).
``Swedish Government Bond Rate'' means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to August 15, 2018; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to August 15, 2018 is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to August 15, 2018 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
``Target Companies'' refers collectively to Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB, Lindorff Co-Invest AB and Lindorff AB.
``Taxes'' means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, duties and withholdings and any charges of a similar nature (including interest, penalties and other liabilities with respect thereto) that are imposed by any government or other taxing authority.
``Tax Sharing Agreement'' means any tax sharing or profit and loss pooling or similar agreement with customary or arm's-length terms entered into with any Parent or Subsidiary, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and of the Indenture.
``Temporary Cash Investments'' means any of the following:
(1) any investment in
(a) direct obligations of, or obligations Guaranteed by, (i) the United States of America or Canada, (ii) any Permissible Jurisdiction, (iii) Switzerland or Norway, (iv) any country in whose currency funds are being held specifically pending application in the making of an investment or capital expenditure by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in that country with such funds or (v) any agency or instrumentality of any such country or member state; or
356

(b) direct obligations of any country recognized by the United States of America rated at least ``A'' by S&P or ``A-1'' by Moody's (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization);
(2) overnight bank deposits, and investments in time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, bankers' acceptances and money market deposits (or, with respect to foreign banks, similar instruments) maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition thereof issued by:
(a) any lender under the RCF Facility Agreement;
(b) any institution authorized to operate as a bank in any of the countries or member states referred to in subclause (1)(a) above; or
(c) any bank or trust company organized under the laws of any such country or member state or any political subdivision thereof,
in each case, having capital and surplus aggregating in excess of e250 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) and whose long-term debt is rated at least ``A'' by S&P or ``A-2'' by Moody's (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) at the time such Investment is made;
(3) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (1) or (2) above entered into with a Person meeting the qualifications described in clause (2) above;
(4) Investments in commercial paper, maturing not more than 270 days after the date of acquisition, issued by a Person (other than the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries), with a rating at the time as of which any Investment therein is made of ``P-2'' (or higher) according to Moody's or ``A-2'' (or higher) according to S&P (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization);
(5) Investments in securities maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition issued or fully Guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America, Canada, any Permissible Jurisdiction or Switzerland, Norway or by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth, territory, country or member state, and rated at least ``BBB'' by S&P or ``Baa3'' by Moody's (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization);
(6) bills of exchange issued in the United States, Canada, a Permissible Jurisdiction, Switzerland, Norway or Japan eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any dematerialized equivalent);
(7) any money market deposit accounts issued or offered by a commercial bank organized under the laws of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, in each case, having capital and surplus in excess of e250 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) or whose long term debt is rated at least ``A'' by S&P or ``A2'' by Moody's (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moody's then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) at the time such Investment is made;
(8) investment funds investing 95% of their assets in securities of the type described in clauses (1) through (7) above (which funds may also hold reasonable amounts of cash pending investment and/or distribution); and
(9) investments in money market funds complying with the risk limiting conditions of Rule 2a-7 (or any successor rule) of the SEC under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
``Total Assets'' means the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with IFRS as shown on the most recent balance sheet of such Person.
357

``Transactions'' means the Acquisition, the repayment in full of the term borrowings under the Existing Senior Facilities Agreement, the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Notes and the payment or incurrence of any fees, expense or charges associated with any of the foregoing. ``Trust Indenture Act'' means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. ``Trust Management Assets'' means Right to Collect Accounts, performing accounts, sub-performing accounts, charged-off accounts, loans, receivables, mortgages, debentures, claims, cash and bank accounts or other similar assets or instruments held by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary on trust for a beneficiary which is not the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary. ``Uniform Commercial Code'' means the New York Uniform Commercial Code. ``Unrestricted Subsidiary'' means: (1) any Subsidiary of the Issuer that at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by the Board of Directors of the Issuer in the manner provided below); and (2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The Board of Directors of the Issuer may designate any Subsidiary of the Issuer (including any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary or a Person becoming a Subsidiary through merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction, or Investment therein but excluding the Issuer) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary only if: (1) such Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries does not own any Capital Stock or Indebtedness of, or own or hold any Lien on any property of, the Issuer or any other Subsidiary of the Issuer which is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated or otherwise an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and (2) such designation and the Investment of the Issuer in such Subsidiary complies with ``--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments.'' Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer giving effect to such designation and an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complies with the foregoing conditions. The Board of Directors of the Issuer may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that immediately after giving effect to such designation (1) no Default or Event of Default would result therefrom and (2)(x) the Issuer could Incur at least e1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph of the ``Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant or (y) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would not be greater than it was immediately prior to giving effect to such designation, in each case, on a pro forma basis taking into account such designation. Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be evidenced to the Trustee by promptly filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of such Board of Directors giving effect to such designation or an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. ``Voting Stock'' of a Person means all classes of Capital Stock of such Person then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors. ``Wholly Owned Subsidiary'' means a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, all of the Voting Stock of which (other than directors' qualifying shares or shares required by any applicable law or regulation to be held by a Person other than the Issuer or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary) is owned by the Issuer or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary.
358

BOOK-ENTRY, DELIVERY AND FORM
Book-Entry, Delivery and Form of the Euro-denominated Notes and SEK-denominated Notes
General
Each series of the Euro-denominated Notes and SEK Floating Rate Notes sold to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by a global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (each a ``Rule 144A Global Note''). Each series of the Euro-denominated Notes and SEK Floating Rate Notes sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by a global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (each a ``Regulation S Global Note'' and, together with the Rule 144A Global Notes, the ``Global Notes''). The Global Notes will be deposited, on the Issue Date, with a common depositary and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Ownership of interests in a Rule 144A Global Note (``Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests'') and ownership of interests in a Regulation S Global Note (the ``Regulation S Book-Entry Interests'' and, together with the Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests, the ``Book-Entry Interests'') will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or persons that hold interests through such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream will hold interests in the Global Notes on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their respective depositaries. Except under the limited circumstances described below, Book-Entry Interests will not be issued in definitive form.
Book-Entry Interests will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream and their participants. The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of those securities in definitive form. The foregoing limitations may impair your ability to own, transfer or pledge Book-Entry Interests. In addition, while the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes are in global form, holders of Book-Entry Interests will not be considered the owners or ``holders'' of Euro-denominated Notes and SEK Floating Rate Notes for any purpose.
So long as the Euro-denominated Notes and SEK Floating Rate Notes are held in global form, the common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream (or its nominee), as applicable, will be considered the sole holder of the Global Notes for all purposes under the Indentures. In addition, participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, and indirect participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and the participants through which they own Book-Entry Interests, to transfer their interests or to exercise any rights of holders of Euro-denominated Notes under the Indentures.
Neither the Issuers, any Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Euro Senior Secured Notes Registrar and Senior Notes Registrar nor the Trustee will have any responsibility, or be liable, for any aspect of the records relating to the Book-Entry Interests.
Redemption of the Global Notes
In the event that any Global Note (or any portion thereof) is redeemed, Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, will redeem an equal amount of the Book-Entry Interests in such Global Note from the amount received by them in respect of the redemption of such Global Note. The redemption price payable in connection with the redemption of such Book-Entry Interests will be equal to the amount received by Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, in connection with the redemption of such Global Note (or any portion thereof). The Issuers understand that, under the existing practices of Euroclear and Clearstream, if fewer than all of their Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes are to be redeemed at any time, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit their participants' accounts on a proportionate basis (with adjustments to prevent fractions), by lot or on such other basis as they deem fair and appropriate (including pool factor), provided, however, that no Book-Entry Interest of less than e100,000 or SEK 1,000,000 (as applicable) principal amount may be redeemed in part.
Payments on Global Notes
The Issuers will make payments of any amounts owing in respect of the Global Notes (including principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any) to the Principal Paying Agent for onward payment to Euroclear and Clearstream. Euroclear and Clearstream will distribute such
359

payments to participants in accordance with their customary procedures. The Issuers will make payments of all such amounts without deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, except as may be required by law and as described under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Withholding Taxes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Withholding Taxes.'' If any such deduction or withholding is required to be made, then, to the extent described under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Withholding Taxes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Withholding Taxes,'' the Issuers will pay additional amounts as may be necessary for the net amounts received by any holder of the Global Notes or owner of Book-Entry Interests after such deduction or withholding to equal the net amounts that such holder or owner would have otherwise received in respect of such Global Note or Book-Entry Interest, as the case may be, absent such withholding or deduction. The Issuers expect that standing customer instructions and customary practices will govern payments by participants to owners of Book-Entry Interests held through such participants.
Under the terms of the Indentures, the Issuers, the Trustee and the agents will treat the registered holders of the Global Notes (i.e., the common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream (or its nominee)) as the owner thereof for the purpose of receiving payments and for all other purposes. Consequently, none of the Issuers, the Trustee or any of their respective agents have or will have any responsibility or liability for:
· any aspect of the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or any participant or indirect participant relating to, or payments made on account of, a Book-Entry Interest or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing the records of Euroclear or Clearstream or any participant or indirect participant relating to, or payments made on account of, a Book-Entry Interest;
· Euroclear, Clearstream or any participant or indirect participant; or
· the records of the common depositary.
Payments by participants to owners of Book-Entry Interests held through participants are the responsibility of such participants.
Currency of Payment for the Global Notes
The principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, and all other amounts payable in respect of the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes will be paid to holders of interests in such Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream in euro or SEK, as applicable.
Action by Owners of Book-Entry Interests
Euroclear and Clearstream have advised us that they will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of a Euro-denominated Note or the SEK Floating Rate Note (including the presentation of Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes for exchange as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants to whose account the Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. Euroclear and Clearstream will not exercise any discretion in the granting of consents, waivers or the taking of any other action in respect of the Global Notes. However, if there is an event of default under the Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes, Euroclear and Clearstream, at the request of the holders of the Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes, reserve the right to exchange the Global Notes for definitive registered Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes in certificated form (the ``Definitive Registered Notes''), and to distribute such Definitive Registered Notes to their participants.
Transfers
Transfers between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected in accordance with Euroclear and Clearstream's rules and will be settled in immediately available funds. If a holder of a Euro-denominated Note or the SEK Floating Rate Note requires physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes for any reason, including to sell Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes to persons in states that require physical delivery of such securities or to pledge such securities, such holder of Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes must transfer its interests in the Global Notes in
360

accordance with the normal procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indentures.
The Global Notes will bear a legend to the effect set forth under ``Transfer Restrictions.'' Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfers and certification requirements discussed under ``Notice to Investors.''
Transfers of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests to persons wishing to take delivery of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests will at all times be subject to such transfer restrictions.
Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Regulation S Book-Entry Interest only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indentures) to the effect that such transfer is being made in compliance with Regulation S or in accordance with Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act or any other exemption (if available under the U.S. Securities Act).
Regulation S Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indentures) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a Qualified Purchaser as defined under the U.S. Investment Company Act who is also a ``qualified institutional buyer'' within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under ``Transfer Restrictions'' and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction.
In connection with transfers involving an exchange of a Regulation S Book-Entry Interest for a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest, appropriate adjustments will be made to reflect a decrease in the principal amount of the Regulation S Global Note and a corresponding increase in the principal amount of the Rule 144A Global Note.
Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred and exchanged for Book-Entry Interests in a Global Note only as described under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Transfer and Exchange'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Transfer and Exchange,'' if required, only if the transferor first delivers to the Trustee a written certificate (in the form provided in the Indentures) to the effect that such transfer will comply with the appropriate transfer restrictions applicable to such Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes. See ``Transfer Restrictions.''
Any Book-Entry Interest in one of the Global Notes that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Book-Entry Interest in any other Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the first-mentioned Global Note and become a Book-Entry Interest in such other Global Note, and accordingly will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in such other Global Note for as long as it remains such a Book-Entry Interest.
Definitive Registered Notes
Under the terms of the Indentures, owners of the Book-Entry Interests will receive Definitive Registered Notes:
(1) if Euroclear or Clearstream notifies the Issuers that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depositary and a successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuers within 120 days; or
(2) if the owner of a Book-Entry Interest requests such exchange in writing delivered through Euroclear or Clearstream following an event of default under the Indentures and enforcement action is being taken in respect thereof under the Indentures.
Euroclear and Clearstream have advised the Issuers that upon request by an owner of a Book-Entry Interest described in the immediately preceding clause (2), their current procedure is to request that the Issuers issue, or cause to be issued, Euro-denominated Notes and SEK Floating Rate Notes in definitive registered form to all owners of Book-Entry Interests.
In such an event, the Issuers will issue Definitive Registered Notes, registered in the name or names and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream or the Issuers, as applicable (in accordance with their respective customary procedures and based upon directions received from participants reflecting the beneficial ownership of Book-Entry Interests), and
361

such Definitive Registered Notes will bear the restrictive legend as provided in the Indentures, unless that legend is not required by such Indentures or applicable law.
To the extent permitted by law, each of the Issuers, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent and the Euro Senior Secured Notes Registrar and Senior Notes Registrar shall be entitled to treat the registered holder of any Global Note as the absolute owner thereof and no person will be liable for treating the registered holder as such. Ownership of the Global Notes will be evidenced through registration from time to time at the registered office of the Issuers, and such registration is a means of evidencing title to the Euro-denominated Notes or SEK Floating Rate Notes (as applicable).
We will not impose any fees or other charges in respect of the Euro-denominated Notes; however, owners of the Book-Entry Interests may incur fees normally payable in respect of the maintenance and operation of accounts in Euroclear and Clearstream.
Information Concerning Euroclear and Clearstream
All Book-Entry Interests will be subject to the operations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. We provide the following summaries of those operations and procedures solely for the convenience of investors. The operations and procedures of the settlement system are controlled by the settlement system and may be changed at any time. Neither the Issuers nor any of the Initial Purchasers is responsible for those operations or procedures.
The Issuers understand as follows with respect to Euroclear and Clearstream: Euroclear and Clearstream hold securities for participating organizations. They facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services to their participants, including the safekeeping, administration, clearance, settlement, lending and borrowing of internationally traded securities. Euroclear and Clearstream interface with domestic securities markets. Euroclear and Clearstream participants are financial institutions such as underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream is also available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear and Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly.
Because Euroclear and Clearstream can act only on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of an owner of a beneficial interest to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear or Clearstream system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of a definitive certificate for that interest. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests to such persons may be limited. In addition, owners of beneficial interests through the Euroclear or Clearstream systems will receive distributions attributable to the 144A Global Notes only through Euroclear or Clearstream participants.
Global Clearance and Settlement under the Book-Entry System
The Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes represented by the Global Notes are expected to be listed and admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange's Global Exchange Market. Transfers of interests in the Global Notes between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected in the ordinary way in accordance with their respective system's rules and operating procedures.
Although Euroclear and Clearstream currently follow the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Notes among participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or modified at any time. None of the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Initial Purchasers, the Trustee the Transfer Agent, the Euro Senior Secured Notes Registrar and Senior Notes Registrar or the Paying Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream or their participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.
362

Initial Settlement
Initial settlement for the Euro-denominated Notes will be made in euro. Initial settlement for the SEK Floating Rate Notes will be made in Swedish Kronor. Book-Entry Interests owned through Euroclear or Clearstream accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional bonds in registered form. Book-Entry Interests will be credited to the securities custody accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream holders on the business day following the settlement date against payment for value of the settlement date.
Secondary Market Trading
The Book-Entry Interests will trade through participants of Euroclear and Clearstream and will settle in same-day funds. Since the purchase determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any Book-Entry Interests where both the purchaser's and the seller's accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
Book-Entry, Delivery and Form of the NOK Floating Rate Notes
General
The NOK Floating Rate Notes will be issued through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (the ``VPS'') in uncertificated and dematerialized book-entry form. Beneficial interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be represented through book-entry accounts of the beneficial owners or financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Investors may hold their interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes through Euroclear. Investors may hold their interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes directly if they have a securities account with an account agent, or indirectly through custodians, nominees or organizations that are participants in these systems. Interests held through Euroclear will be recorded on the VPS's books as being held by the depositary for Euroclear, which depositary will, in turn, hold interests on behalf of their participants' customers' securities accounts.
Issuance of NOK Floating Rate Notes through the VPS
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the NOK Floating Rate Notes issued in the VPS will take place three Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in NOK Floating Rate Notes issued in the VPS will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS.
Payments on NOK Floating Rate Notes
Each person who for the time being is shown in the records of the VPS as entitled to a particular nominal amount of NOK Floating Rate Notes (in which regard any certificate of the VPS as to the nominal amount of NOK Floating Rate Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive evidence and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of such NOK Floating Rate Notes for all purposes, including payments. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuers as the holder of the relevant NOK Floating Rate Note.
Payment in respect of the NOK Floating Rate Notes shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank that holds the bank account nominated by the holder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the holder in question.
Currency of Payment for the NOK Notes
The principal of, premium if any, and interests on, and all other amounts payable in respect of the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be paid to holders of interests in such NOK Floating Rate Notes through VPS in NOK.
Information Concerning the VPS
The VPS is Norway's paperless centralized securities registry operation. It is a computerized bookkeeping system that is operated by VPS in which the ownership of, and all transactions relating to, VPS registered securities are recorded.
363

All transactions relating to securities registered with the VPS are made through computerized book entries. No physical notes are or can be issued. The VPS confirms each entry by sending a transcript to the registered noteholder regardless of beneficial ownership. To effect these entries, the individual noteholder must establish a securities account with a Norwegian account agent. Norwegian banks, the Central Bank of Norway, authorized investment firms in Norway, bond-issuing mortgage companies, management companies for securities funds (insofar as units in securities funds they manage are concerned) and Norwegian branches of credit institutions established within the European Economic Area are allowed to act as account agents. The entry of a transaction in the VPS is prima facie evidence in determining the legal rights of parties as against the issuing company or a third-party claiming an interest in the subject security. The VPS is strictly liable for any loss resulting from an error in connection with registering, altering or canceling a right, except in the event of contributory negligence, in which event compensation owed by the VPS may be reduced or withdrawn. A transferee or assignee of NOK Floating Rate Notes may not exercise the rights of a noteholder with respect to his or her NOK Floating Rate Notes unless that transferee or assignee has registered his or her noteholding or can produce evidence of such noteholding and the acquisition of such notes is not prevented by law, our articles of association or otherwise. The NOK Floating Rate Notes will be issued in book-entry form and registered with the VPS. Beneficial interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be represented through book-entry accounts of the beneficial owners or financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Investors may hold their interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes through Euroclear. Investors may hold their interests in the NOK Floating Rate Notes directly if they have a securities account with an account agent, or indirectly through custodians, nominees or organizations that are participants in these systems. Interests held through Euroclear will be recorded on the VPS's books as being held by the depositary for Euroclear, which depositary will, in turn, hold interests on behalf of their participants' customers' securities accounts. Distributions with respect to NOK Floating Rate Notes held in the VPS will be credited to the registered holders of the NOK Floating Rate Notes, to the extent received by the VPS. In order to receive distributions with respect to the NOK Floating Rate Notes, the registered holders have to provide the NOK Paying Agent (either directly or through its account agent) specific payment instructions, including bank account details. If the NOK Paying Agent has not received such payment instructions within five business days prior to the applicable payment date, distributions with respect to the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be credited to the NOK bank account registered with the registered holder's account in the VPS.
Initial Settlement Initial settlement for the NOK Floating Rate Notes will be made in Norwegian kroner. Book-Entry Interests owned through VPS accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to NOK Floating Rate Notes .
Secondary Market Trading Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the NOK Floating Rate Notes will take place three Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. NOK Floating Rate Notes may be transferred between accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations of the VPS. A transfer of NOK Floating Rate Notes which is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to the VPS.
364

TAX CONSIDERATIONS
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations related to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, but does not purport to be a complete analysis of all potential tax effects. This discussion is limited to consequences relevant to a U.S. holder (as defined below), except for discussions on FATCA (as defined under ``--Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act''), and does not address the effects of any U.S. federal tax laws other than U.S. federal income tax laws (such as estate and gift tax laws) or any state, local or non-U.S. tax laws. This discussion is based upon the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ``Code''), Treasury regulations issued thereunder (the ``Treasury Regulations''), and judicial and administrative interpretations thereof, each as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. No rulings from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the ``IRS'') have been or are expected to be sought with respect to the matters discussed below. There can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a different position concerning the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes or that any such position would not be sustained.
This discussion does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to a holder in light of such holder's particular circumstances, including the impact of the unearned income Medicare contribution tax or the alternative minimum tax, or to holders subject to special rules, such as certain financial institutions, U.S. expatriates, insurance companies, dealers in securities or currencies, traders in securities, U.S. holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, tax-exempt entities, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, partnerships or other pass through entities and investors in such entities, U.S. holders that are resident in or have a permanent establishment in a jurisdiction outside the United States, U.S. holders that hold Notes through non-U.S. brokers or other non-U.S. intermediaries and persons holding the Notes as part of a ``straddle,'' ``hedge,'' ``conversion transaction'' or other integrated transaction. In addition, this discussion is limited to persons who purchase the Notes for cash at original issue and at their ``issue price'' (i.e., the first price at which a substantial amount of each series of the Notes is sold to the public for cash, excluding to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers) and who hold the Notes as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code.
For purposes of this discussion, a ``U.S. holder'' is a beneficial owner of a Note that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation or any entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (iii) any estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (iv) any trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or if a valid election is in place to treat the trust as a U.S. person.
If any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the Notes, the U.S. tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A partnership considering an investment in the Notes, and partners in such a partnership, should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes.
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the tax consequences of holding Notes in light of their particular circumstances, including the application of the U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed below, as well as the application of other federal, state, local, foreign or other tax laws.
Payments and accruals of stated interest
Payments and accruals of stated interest on the Notes (including any additional amounts paid in respect of withholding taxes and without reduction for any amounts withheld) generally will be includible in the gross income of a U.S. holder as ordinary income at the time that such payments are received or accrued, in accordance with such U.S. holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
365

A U.S. holder that uses the cash method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that receives a payment of stated interest on the Notes will be required to include in income (as ordinary income) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency interest payment (determined based on the spot rate on the date such payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at such time. A cash method U.S. holder will not recognize exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of such stated interest, but may recognize exchange gain or loss attributable to the actual disposition of the foreign currency so received.
A U.S. holder that uses the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be required to include in income (as ordinary income) the U.S. dollar value of the amount of stated interest income in foreign currency that has accrued with respect to its Notes during an accrual period. The U.S. dollar value of such accrued stated interest will be determined by translating such amount at the average spot rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average spot rate of exchange for the partial period within each taxable year. An accrual basis U.S. holder may elect, however, to translate such accrued stated interest income into U.S. dollars using the spot rate of exchange on the last day of the interest accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, using the spot rate of exchange on the last day of the taxable year. Alternatively, if the last day of an accrual period is within five business days of the date of receipt of the accrued stated interest, a U.S. holder that has made the election described in the prior sentence may translate such interest using the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt of the stated interest. The above election will apply to other debt instruments held by an electing U.S. holder and may not be changed without the consent of the IRS. A U.S. holder that uses the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes will recognize exchange gain or loss with respect to accrued stated interest income on the date such interest is received. The amount of exchange gain or loss recognized will equal the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment received (determined based on the spot rate on the date such stated interest is received) in respect of such accrual period and the U.S. dollar value of the stated interest income that has accrued during such accrual period (as determined above), regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at such time. Any such exchange gain or loss generally will constitute ordinary income or loss and be treated, for foreign tax credit purposes, as U.S. source income or loss, and generally not as an adjustment to interest income or expense.
Foreign tax credit
Stated interest income on a Note generally will constitute foreign source income and generally will be considered ``passive category income'' or, in the case of certain U.S. holders, ``general category income'' in computing the foreign tax credit allowable to U.S. holders under U.S. federal income tax laws. There are significant complex limitations on a U.S. holder's ability to claim foreign tax credits. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the creditability or deductibility of any withholding taxes.
Sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of Notes
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. holder generally will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the amount realized upon such disposition (less any amount equal to any accrued but unpaid stated interest, which will be taxable as stated interest income as discussed above to the extent not previously included in income by the U.S. holder) and such U.S. holder's adjusted tax basis in the Note.
A U.S. holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note will, in general, be the cost of such Note to such U.S. holder, decreased by payments on the Note other than stated interest. The cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency will generally be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency purchase price on the date of purchase, calculated at the exchange rate in effect on that date.
If a U.S. holder receives foreign currency on such a sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note, the amount realized generally will be based on the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency translated at the spot rate on the date of disposition. In the case of a Note that is considered to be traded on an established securities market, a cash basis U.S. holder and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. holder, will determine the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency by translating such amount at the spot rate on the settlement date of the disposition. The special election available to accrual basis U.S. holders in regard to the purchase and disposition of Notes traded on an established
366

securities market must be applied consistently to all debt instruments held by the U.S. holder and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. If the Notes are not traded on an established securities market (or the relevant holder is an accrual basis U.S. holder that does not make the special settlement date election), a U.S. holder will recognize exchange gain or loss to the extent that there are exchange rate fluctuations between the disposition date and the settlement date, and such gain or loss generally will constitute U.S. source ordinary income or loss.
Gain or loss recognized upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note that is attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates with respect to the principal amount of such Note generally will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss and generally will not be treated as interest income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates with respect to the principal amount of a Note generally will equal the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. holder's foreign currency purchase price for the Note, determined at the spot rate on the date of the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition, and the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. holder's foreign currency purchase price for the Note, determined at the spot rate on the date the U.S. holder purchased such Note. In addition, upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. holder may recognize exchange gain or loss attributable to amounts received with respect to accrued and unpaid stated interest, which will be treated as discussed above under ``--Payments and accruals of stated interest''. However, upon a sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. holder will recognize any exchange gain or loss (including with respect to accrued interest) only to the extent of total gain or loss realized by such U.S. holder on such disposition.
Any gain or loss recognized upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note in excess of exchange gain or loss attributable to such disposition generally will be U.S. source gain or loss and generally will be capital gain or loss. Capital gains of non-corporate U.S. holders (including individuals) derived in respect of capital assets held for more than one year are generally eligible for reduced rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Additional Notes
The Issuer may issue Additional Senior Secured Notes or Additional Senior Notes as described under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes''. These Additional Senior Secured Notes or Additional Senior Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the relevant original Senior Secured Notes or Senior Notes, as applicable, in some cases may be treated as a series separate from such original Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such case, the Additional Senior Secured Notes or the Additional Senior Notes may be considered to have been issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or a greater amount of original issue discount) which may affect the market value of the relevant original Senior Secured Notes or Senior Notes, as applicable, if the Additional Senior Secured Notes or the Additional Senior Notesare not otherwise distinguishable from the relevant original Senior Secured Notes or Senior Notes.
Exchange of Foreign Currencies
A U.S. holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received as stated interest or upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note equal to the U.S. dollar value thereof at the spot rate of exchange in effect on the date of receipt of the foreign currency. Any gain or loss realized by a U.S. holder on a sale or other disposition of foreign currency, including their exchange for U.S. dollars, will be ordinary income or loss generally not treated as interest income or expense and generally will be income or loss from sources within the United States for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes.
Information reporting and backup withholding
In general, information reporting requirements will apply to payments of stated interest on the Notes and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition (including a retirement or redemption) of a Note paid to a U.S. holder unless such U.S. holder is an exempt recipient, and, when required, provides evidence of such exemption. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if the U.S. holder fails to provide a taxpayer identification number or a certification that it is not subject to backup withholding.
367

Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
Tax return disclosure requirements
Treasury Regulations that require the reporting to the IRS of certain tax shelter transactions cover certain transactions generally not regarded as tax shelters, including certain foreign currency transactions giving rise to losses in excess of a certain minimum amount, such as the receipt or accrual of interest on or a sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency note or foreign currency received in respect of a foreign currency note. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors to determine the tax return disclosure obligations, if any, with respect to an investment in the Notes, including any requirement to file IRS Form 8886 (Reportable Transaction Disclosure Statement).
Individuals that own ``specified foreign financial assets'' with an aggregate value in excess of certain thresholds generally are required to file an information report (IRS Form 8938) with respect to such assets with their tax returns. The Notes generally will constitute specified foreign financial assets subject to these reporting requirements, unless the Notes are held in certain accounts maintained by certain financial institutions. Under certain circumstances, an entity may be treated as an individual for purposes of these rules.
U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the foregoing disclosure requirements to their ownership of the Notes, including the significant penalties for non-compliance.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Legislation referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (``FATCA''), generally may impose withholding at a rate of 30% on payments made after December 31, 2016 to any foreign entity on debt obligations issued by a foreign financial institution that (i) enters into certain agreements with the IRS or (ii) becomes subject to provisions of local law intended to implement an intergovernmental agreement entered into pursuant to FATCA, in each case, to the extent such payments are attributable to U.S. source income, unless the foreign entity receiving such payments complies with various U.S. information reporting and/or due diligence requirements (generally relating to ownership by U.S. persons of interest in or accounts with such foreign entity) or otherwise qualifies for an exemption. Obligations issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which applicable final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed generally would be ``grandfathered'' unless materially modified after such date. Accordingly, if the Issuer is treated as a foreign financial institution, FATCA would apply to payments on the Notes only if there is a significant modification of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes after the expiration of this grandfathering period. However, if Additional Senior Secured Notes or Additional Senior Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period, have the same CUSIP or ISIN as the relevant Senior Secured Notes or Senior Notes issued hereby, as applicable, and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all notes in such series, including the relevant Notes issued hereby, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Non-U.S. governments have entered into agreements with the United States (and additional non-U.S. governments are expected to enter into such agreements) to implement FATCA in a manner that alters the rules described herein. Holders should consult their own tax advisors on how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding under FATCA is imposed with respect to any payments on the Notes, there will be no additional amounts payable to compensate for the withheld amount.
Certain Norwegian Tax Considerations
The following is a general presentation of certain Norwegian tax consequences resulting from the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Notes. This presentation does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Notes. In particular, this presentation does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser subject to special tax regimes, such as banks, insurance companies or tax-exempt organizations. This summary is based on the laws currently in force and as applied on the date of this offering memorandum in the Kingdom of Norway which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect.
368

Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, including the effect of any state or local taxes under the tax laws applicable in the kingdom of Norway and each country of which they are residents or whose tax laws apply to them for other reasons. Please note that for the purpose of the summary below, a reference to a Norwegian or non-Norwegian holder of Notes refers to the tax residency and not the nationality of the holder.
Taxation of Interest Norwegian holders of Notes Both corporate and individual holders of Notes who are tax residents of Norway are subject to Norwegian tax on interest received with a flat tax rate currently at 27%. For Norwegian holders holding Notes issued with a discount (compared to the nominal value) such discount will be taxed in the year of the realization of the Notes. Any interest received in foreign currency is converted to Norwegian kroner when calculating the taxable interest income.
Non-Norwegian holders of Notes In general, payments of interest on Notes issued to holders who are not tax residents of Norway are not subject to Norwegian tax. Payments to non-Norwegian holders of Notes may therefore be made without any withholding tax or deduction for any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges. If the Notes are held by an individual or by a company not tax resident of Norway, that is performing business activities in Norway, and the Notes are effectively connected with such business activities in Norway, interest received will be taxed in Norway with a tax rate of 27%.
Taxation of capital gains or losses on disposal of Notes Norwegian holders of Notes Capital gains realized by Norwegian holders of Notes upon the sale, disposal or other redemption of Notes will be subject to Norwegian taxation at the rate of 27%. Corresponding losses will be tax deductible. The taxable gain or deductible loss is calculated for each Note and is, in broad terms, equal to the sales price less the Norwegian Notes holders' cost price of the Note, including costs incurred in relation to the acquisition or realization of the Note. Any gain received in foreign currency when realizing Notes is converted to Norwegian kroner when calculating the taxable gain.
Non-Norwegian holders of Notes Capital gains realized by non-Norwegian holders of Notes upon the sale, disposal or other redemption of Notes are normally not subject to Norwegian tax. Corresponding losses will generally not be tax deductible. Such capital gains may be taxable in Norway if the non-Norwegian holder of Notes is performing a business activity in Norway and the Notes are effectively connected with such business activity.
Net Wealth Tax Corporate holders Both Norwegian and non-Norwegian corporate holders of Notes are exempt from Norwegian net wealth tax.
Individual holders Individual holders of Notes who are tax residents of Norway are liable to Norwegian net wealth tax. The value of the Notes is included in the basis for the computation of net wealth tax imposed on such holders of Notes. The value for assessment purposes for listed Notes is the listed value as of 1 January in the
369

year of assessment. Unlisted Notes will normally be valued at face value. Currently, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 1% of the taxpayer's net wealth.
Non-resident individual holders of Notes are not liable to pay net wealth tax in Norway on the value of the Notes unless Notes are effectively connected with a business that the individual holder of Notes carries out in Norway.
Swedish Tax Considerations
The following is a summary of certain Swedish tax consequences which may result from this offer and refers only to private individuals and legal entities that are tax resident and/or domiciled in Sweden (including permanent establishments). The summary is based on current Swedish tax regulations and is intended merely as general information. The tax treatment of each note holder is partly dependent on that person's particular situation. Special tax consequences which are not described below may apply to certain categories of taxpayers. For example, the description does not cover notes held as current assets by a business or held by partnerships, investment companies or investment funds. Each holder of the Notes should consult a tax adviser on the special tax consequences the offer may entail in each particular case, including, for foreign note holders the applicability of foreign income tax rules and provisions contained in tax treaties and other rules which may be applicable.
Withholding Tax
Sweden does not apply withholding tax to interest payments or repayments of the principal. However, a Swedish legal entity or permanent establishment (e.g. a Guarantor) effecting an interest payment to an individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) will normally be required to withhold Swedish preliminary tax (Sw. prelimina¨rskatt) on the payment. The preliminary tax so withheld is normally equal to the final tax on the interest income, which means that there is generally no further tax payable on the interest payments made by the issuer.
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains
Private individuals
Private individuals, and estates of deceased individuals, will be taxed at a rate of 30% on interest income as well as any capital and foreign exchange gains arising in case the Notes are sold or redeemed. Capital gains will be taxed when the amount is available to the taxpayer. Repayment of the principal amount will not be taxed.
Capital losses are deductible against capital income. Capital losses incurred from the sale or redemption of listed securities (e.g. notes that are listed) can be fully offset against taxable capital gains occurring in the same year due to the sale of listed shares and listed securities (with the exception of shares in investment funds holding only Swedish receivables, known as Swedish fixed income funds). In case of excess loss, 70% of this loss is deductible against other capital income. In case of a net capital loss, such loss may be used for tax reduction on earned income tax as well as central government and municipal property taxes. Tax reduction is granted with 30% of the net capital loss up to SEK 100,000 and 21% of any loss exceeding SEK 100,000. Note that if the taxable individual has made/makes an investment deduction (Sw. Investeraravdrag) in the same fiscal year, the calculation will differ. Tax losses cannot be carried forward to future income years.
The capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the sales price (or redemption remuneration) after deduction for sales expenses and the cost basis. The cost basis is determined according to the ``average method'' (Sw. Genomsnittsmetoden), i.e., somewhat simplified, the acquisition value for the Notes of the same class and type added together taking into account any changes in the holding.
In case the Notes are held in a Swedish investment savings account (Sw. Investeringssparkonto) or a Swedish endowment insurance (Sw. Kapitalfo¨rsa¨kring) the taxation may differ. Please find a brief description of the said holding options below.
The holder of a Swedish investment savings account can only be a natural person or the estate of a deceased individual. No tax is due on the results of an investment savings account. Instead a standard amount is taxed as capital income. The standard amount of income is calculated by the party that provides the account (e.g. a bank, investment firm etc.) and this is reported as income of capital in the
370

tax return of the person liable to pay tax. The standard amount is calculated in two steps. First the capital base is calculated and then a standard amount of income is calculated which is reported as capital income in the tax return. The capital base is calculated annually and in somewhat simplified terms comprises one quarter of the value of the assets on the account at the beginning of each quarter. However, the capital base must be increased by a value equivalent to the deposits to the account and the transfers of securities to the account during the respective quarter. The standard amount of income is derived by multiplying the capital base, as described above, by the average government borrowing rate at the end of November the year before the fiscal year. The standard amount of income is reported as capital income and taxed at 30%.
The holder of a Swedish endowment insurance is not liable to pay special tax on returns (Sw. avkastningsskatt). Instead it is the life insurance company providing the insurance which is liable for any special tax on returns. However, please note that the holder of a foreign endowment insurance may be obliged to pay special tax on returns in Sweden. This depends on the country of residence for the assurer and if the assurer has a permanent establishment in Sweden. Special tax on returns is not charged on the capital gains, but on a standard calculated amount. The standard calculated amount used for special tax on returns purposes is calculated in two steps. First a capital base is calculated and thereafter a standard calculated amount on this capital is calculated. The capital base constitutes, somewhat simplified, the value of the insurance at the beginning of the fiscal year. The capital base should however also be increased by a value equivalent to the sum of any premiums paid during the fiscal year. However, when calculating this amount, only half of the premiums paid during the second half of the fiscal year should be included. The standard calculated amount is derived by multiplying the capital base, as described above, by the average government borrowing rate at the end of November the year before the fiscal year. The special tax on returns amounts to 30% of the standard calculated amount.
Limited liability companies
Limited liability companies are subject to tax on all income due to inter alia a sale or redemption, i.e. including capital as well as foreign exchange gains, as business income, at a rate of 22%. Business income is in general taxed on an accrual basis. Repayment of the principal amount will not be taxed.
Capital losses arising in case the Notes are sold or redeemed are generally fully deductible against all business income. However, losses may not be deductible in case the holder of the Notes and the issuer of the Notes are considered related parties. Tax losses may, subject to certain restrictions in case of a change of ownership or mergers, be carried forward indefinitely.
Please note that specific rules may apply in case the Notes are held as a hedge for foreign currency exposures.
A Swedish limited liability company may also hold assets in a Swedish endowment insurance. Please refer to description above under Private individuals.
Gift or Inheritance Taxes
Sweden has currently no gift or inheritance tax.
Value Added Tax
No VAT is levied in relation to the investment in the Notes.
Other Taxes and Duties
No other taxes or duties other than mentioned above should be applicable.
EU Savings Directive
Under EC Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments (the ``EU Savings Directive''), Member States are required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest (or similar income) paid by a person within its jurisdiction to, or for the benefit of, an individual resident in that other Member State or to certain limited types of entities established in that other Member State. However, for a transitional period, Luxembourg and Austria have instead opted to apply a withholding system in relation to such payments, deducting
371

tax at a rate of 35%, unless during that period they elect otherwise (the ending of such transitional period being dependent upon the conclusion of certain other agreements relating to information exchange with certain other countries). However, during that transitional period, withholding will not apply under the EU Savings Directive to a payment if the beneficial owner of that payment authorizes exchange of information instead. Luxembourg has announced that it will no longer apply the withholding tax system as from January 1, 2015 and will provide details of payments of interest (or similar income) as from this date. A number of non-EU countries and territories, including Switzerland, have adopted similar measures (a withholding system, in the case of Switzerland). On 24 March 2014, the EU Savings Directive has been amended by the Council Directive 2014/48/EU (the ``Amending Directive''). The Amending Directive broadens the scope of the requirements described above. Member States have until 1 January 2016 to adopt the national legislation necessary to comply with the Amending Directive. The Amending Directive will apply from 1 January 2017. The changes made under the Amending Directive include extending the scope of EU Savings Directive to payments made to, or collected for, certain other entities and legal arrangements. They also broaden the definition of ``interest payment'' to cover income that is equivalent to interest.
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (``FTT'') On February 14, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the ``Participating Member States''). The proposed FTT has very broad scope. If introduced in the form proposed on February 14, 2013, it could apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. In May 2014, a joint statement by ministers of the Participating Member States (excluding Slovenia) proposed a ``progressive implementation'' of the FTT, with the initial focus on applying the tax to transactions in shares and some derivatives. Under the February 14, 2013 proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party to the transaction is established in the territory of a Participating Member State and a financial institution established in the territory of a Participating Member State is a party to the transaction, acting either for its own account or for the account of another person or is acting in the name of a party to the transaction. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, ``established'' in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate, although certain other Member States have expressed strong objections to the proposal. Further, the legality of the FTT proposal is at present uncertain. The FTT proposal may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
372

CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS
The following is a summary of certain considerations associated with the purchase, holding, and disposition of the Notes by (i) any ``employee benefit plan'' (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (``ERISA'')) subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) any ``plan'' (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code), including an individual retirement account under Section 408 of the Code, to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, (iii) any entity the underlying assets of which are considered to include ``plan assets'' of any plans described in subsections (i) or (ii) (as determined pursuant to U.S. Department of Labor regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) or (iv) any plan, including a foreign plan, governmental plan (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA) or church plan (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) that is not subject to Title I of ERISA, but that is subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (``Similar Laws'') (collectively, the plans and entities described in subsections (i) through (iv) above are referred to herein as ``Plans'' or ``Plan Investors'').
General Fiduciary Matters
ERISA and the Code impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries of a Plan subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (an ``ERISA Plan'') and prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan and its fiduciaries or other interested parties. Under ERISA and the Code, any person who exercises any discretionary authority or control over the administration of an ERISA Plan or the management or disposition of the assets of such an ERISA Plan, or who renders investment advice for a fee or other compensation to such an ERISA Plan, is generally considered to be a fiduciary of the ERISA Plan.
In considering an investment in the Notes with the assets of any Plan, a fiduciary should determine, among other things, whether the acquisition and holding of the Notes is in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the Plan and the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or any Similar Laws relating to a fiduciary's duties to the Plan including, without limitation, any prudence, diversification, delegation of control and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and the Code. Fiduciaries of Plans subject to Similar Laws should consider their fiduciary duties under such Similar Laws in determining whether to invest in the Notes offered hereby.
Prohibited Transaction Issues
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving assets of an ERISA Plan and certain persons or entities (referred to as ``parties in interest'' or ``disqualified persons''), unless a statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified person who engages in a non-exempt prohibited transaction (including, without limitation, the lending of money or the extension of credit) may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. For example, a Plan holding a Note would be viewed by the Department of Labor as a continuing extension of credit by the Plan to the company. In addition, a fiduciary of an ERISA Plan that engages in such a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code, including an obligation to correct the transaction.
Because of the foregoing, the Notes should not be purchased or held by any person investing ``plan assets'' of any Plan Investor unless such purchase, holding and, if applicable, disposition will not constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code or a violation under any applicable Similar Laws.
Representation
To address the above concerns, the Notes may not be purchased by or transferred to any investor unless such investor makes the ERISA representations in the ``Transfer Restrictions'' included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and is not intended to be all-inclusive. Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-exempt prohibited transactions, it is particularly important that Plan fiduciaries, or other persons considering acquiring the Notes (and holding the Notes) on behalf of, or with the assets of, any Plan, consult with their counsel, prior to any such acquisition, regarding the potential applicability of ERISA, Section 4975
373

of the Code or any Similar Law to such investment and whether an exemption would be applicable to the acquisition and holding of the Notes. Nothing herein shall be construed as a representation that an investment in the Notes would meet any or all of the relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by, or is appropriate for, an employee benefit plan subject to ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or a Similar Law. Purchasers of the Notes have the exclusive responsibility for ensuring that their purchase and holding of the Notes complies with the fiduciary responsibility rules of ERISA and does not violate the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA, the Code or any applicable Similar Laws.
374

LIMITATIONS ON VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THE GUARANTEES AND SECURITY INTERESTS
Set forth below is a summary of certain limitations on the enforceability of the Guarantees and the Security Interests, and a summary of certain insolvency law considerations in each of the jurisdictions in which the Issuers and Guarantors are organized. This is a summary only, and bankruptcy, insolvency or a similar proceeding, could be initiated in any of these jurisdictions and in the jurisdiction of organization of a future guarantor of the Notes. The application of these various laws in multiple jurisdictions could trigger disputes over which jurisdiction's law should apply and could adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights and to collect payment in full under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Security Interests on the Collateral.
European Union
Pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (the ``EU Insolvency Regulation''), the court which shall have jurisdiction to commence insolvency proceedings in relation to a company is the court of the EU Member State (other than Denmark) where the company concerned has its ``center of main interests'' (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation). The determination of where any such company has its ``center of main interests'' is a question of fact on which the courts of the different EU Member States may have differing and even conflicting views.
The term ``center of main interests'' is not a static concept. Although there is a rebuttable presumption under Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation that any such company has its ``center of main interests'' in the EU Member State in which it has its registered office, Preamble 13 of the EU Insolvency Regulation states that the ``center of main interests'' of a debtor should correspond to the place where the debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and ``is therefore ascertainable by third parties.'' In that respect, factors such as where board meetings are held, the location where the company conducts the majority of its business and the location where the large majority of the company's creditors are established may all be relevant in the determination of the place where the company has its ``center of main interests.''
If the ``center of main interests'' of a company is and will remain located in the state in which it has its registered office, the main insolvency proceedings in respect of the company under the EU Insolvency Regulation would be commenced in such jurisdiction and accordingly a court in such jurisdiction would be entitled to commence the types of insolvency proceedings referred to in Annex A to the EU Insolvency Regulation. Insolvency proceedings commenced in one EU Member State under the EU Insolvency Regulation are to be recognized in the other EU Member States (other than Denmark), although secondary proceedings may be commenced in another EU Member State. If the ``center of main interests'' of a debtor is in one EU Member State (other than Denmark), under Article 3(2) of the EU Insolvency Regulation, the courts of another EU Member State (other than Denmark) have jurisdiction to commence ``territorial proceedings'' only in the event that such debtor has an ``establishment'' in the territory of such other EU Member State. The effects of those territorial proceedings are restricted to the assets of the debtor situated in the territory of such other EU Member State. If the company does not have an establishment in any other EU Member State, no court of any other EU Member State has jurisdiction to commence territorial proceedings in respect of such company under the EU Insolvency Regulation. In the event that any one or more of the Issuers, the Guarantors or any of the Issuers' subsidiaries experience financial difficulty, it is not possible to predict with certainty in which jurisdiction or jurisdictions insolvency or similar proceedings would be commenced, or the outcome of such proceedings. Applicable insolvency laws may affect the enforceability of the obligations and the security of the Issuers and the Guarantors.
Denmark
Insolvency Proceedings under Danish Law
One of the Guarantors is organized under the laws of Denmark. Accordingly, any insolvency proceedings with respect to the Danish Guarantor may proceed under, and be governed by, the insolvency laws of Denmark. These laws may adversely affect the enforcement of the holders of the Notes' rights under the Notes and may not be as favorable to their interests as a creditor as the laws of other jurisdictions. In a Danish bankruptcy, the debtor's assets are liquidated and the proceeds are distributed to the creditors based on a priority of claims. Such liquidation may not yield the same value to the creditors as a reorganization and sale of a going concern.
375

As a general rule, the debtor or any creditor may present a petition for bankruptcy. A bankruptcy requires the bankruptcy court to be satisfied that the debtor is insolvent based on a statement of the debtor's liquidity status. A bankruptcy petition by a creditor is barred if the creditor is adequately protected in the event of the debtor's insolvency by means of good and valid security. If bankruptcy proceedings are commenced, payments under the Notes may be delayed and may not be made in full. Provisions on avoidance and set off may adversely affect the enforcement of rights under the Notes. Security interests (except for those qualified as ``ha°ndpant eller anden tilsvarende sikkerhedsret'' under the Danish Insolvency Act (Konkursloven)) may only be enforced by the insolvency administrator, however, mortgagees and execution creditors may demand enforcement of such security interests six months after the declaration of bankruptcy.
Danish insolvency law also includes a scheme for reconstruction of insolvent companies. In broad terms, this scheme provides for reconstruction of an insolvent company by transfer of the business in full or in part, by a compulsory composition/moratorium or by a combination of both. During the reconstruction procedure, creditors are restricted in their ability to enforce the claims, however valid security may be enforced under certain conditions. If a restructuring procedure fails bankruptcy proceedings will be initiated against the debtor.
The Danish bankruptcy scheme is based on the fundamental principle of pari passu satisfaction of the debtor's creditors. However, claims against the debtor are subject to priority ranking, giving first priority to costs incurred during the bankruptcy proceedings, including the fee for the trustee. Second rank is given to claims incurred during preceding restructuring proceedings and other costs incurred with the approval of the reconstructor. Third rank, ``privileged claims,'' are mainly salary claims, including salary income taxes (relating to salary claims being filed) but excluding salary claims from the top management. After fulfillment, if any, of these priority ranking claims, in the above order, any excess proceeds will be distributed among all ordinary, unsecured creditors. Interest accrued on ordinary claims will rank as ordinary claims up to the date of the bankruptcy order, after which date the accrued interest will rank as a deferred claim. Deferred claims include, among others, subordinated loans and penalties. In the event of bankruptcy, claims in foreign currencies will be converted into Danish kroner using the relevant currency rate as of the date of the bankruptcy order. The status of a claim is dependent upon express statutory authority (except for subordinated loans).
Voidable Transactions
Danish bankruptcy law contains several provisions enabling the trustee to initiate proceedings to have certain transactions prior to the bankruptcy avoided. Some avoidance provisions require the payment or security to be granted within three months before the date of the bankruptcy petition being filed. In some cases, however, avoidance can be claimed for payments or security granted within two years or more before the date of the bankruptcy petition being filed.
Under Danish bankruptcy law, payments made by a Danish group company could be void if, among other things (i) payments are made before they are due or with an amount that has a distinctly impairing effect on such Danish group company's ability to pay its debts, provided the payment does not appear to be ordinary; (ii) payments are made after the date when a petition for bankruptcy was filed, or (iii) payments are made in an improper way that favors a creditor to the detriment of the other creditors, provided that such Danish group company was or became insolvent by the payment and the beneficiary knew or ought to have known about the insolvency and the circumstances that made the payment improper.
Granting of security could be void under Danish bankruptcy law if, among other things (i) security for the debts was not granted to the creditor before or at the time the debt was incurred; or (ii) security was not perfected without undue delay before or at the time the debt was incurred. The timing requirements in respect of granting of security and perfection are interpreted very strictly under Danish law and should be considered carefully by the creditor.
Under Danish bankruptcy law the issuance of guarantees may be subject to avoidance if, among other things (i) the issuance was made at a time when the issuer was insolvent, (ii) the issuance is without due consideration, and/or (iii) between closely related parties. A claim for avoidance can be made against the main debtor or against the beneficiary. Any proceeds relating to a voidable claim are considered an asset of the bankruptcy estate and are to be distributed to the creditors in accordance with the rules governing priority of debts in bankruptcy.
376

Limitations on the Validity and Enforceability of Guarantees and Security Interests
It is a requirement under Danish law that a guarantor or security provider obtains an adequate corporate benefit from the issuance of a guarantee or granting of security. This is due to a requirement under Danish law that the management of the company must always ensure a proper management of the company's assets. Further, the management of the company is obliged to act in accordance with the company's individual interests, including consideration of the company's financial position, the benefits the company will obtain through and the risks related to the granting of security, assessment of the debtor, securing that the arrangement is on market terms, etc. If such benefit is not obtained, the directors of a Danish guarantor or security provider may be subject to civil liability and/or the guarantee or security interest may be null and void. It is not entirely clear under Danish case law to what extent such corporate benefit is established when a subsidiary guarantees and secures debt of a direct or indirect parent company.
The Danish Companies Act contains restrictions on financial assistance by Danish limited companies. Generally, Danish companies and their Danish and foreign subsidiaries may not grant loans to, or issue guarantees or provide security for loans to, their shareholders or the shareholders of their parent companies. However, Danish companies may grant loans to, or issue guarantees or provide security for loans to, parent companies covered by Danish Executive Order No. 275/2010 (on loans etc. to foreign parent companies) which includes any entity in the corporate form of (a) a public limited company (aktieselskab), (b) a limited partnership company (partnerselskab), (c) a private limited company (anpartsselskab) or (d) a company with an equivalent corporate form, having its registered office in inter alia any EU or EEA country.
Danish companies are generally prohibited from granting loans, guarantees or security in connection with the financing or refinancing of the acquisition of their own shares or shares in their parent companies and any such loan, guarantee or security will be invalid and unenforceable. To the extent that any such acquisition debt cannot be separated from other debt, such other debt may be deemed acquisition debt and any loans, guarantees or security granted by Danish companies for such other debt may then also be invalid or unenforceable. The prohibition on financial assistance does also extend to non-Danish subsidiaries of Danish companies.
If loans, guarantees or security are granted in violation of the prohibitions above, such loans, guarantees or security will be invalid and unenforceable and must be repaid with interests. The directors may be subject to liability for losses suffered in this regard. In order to cater for issues on corporate benefit and financial assistance, the security and guarantee obligations of Danish group companies and their subsidiaries are subject to limitations.
Enforcement of Security Interests outside Bankruptcy
The parties to a security agreement can include contractually agreed enforcement procedures and, if there are no bankruptcy proceedings, the agreed procedures bind the parties. However, sales of assets may be voidable in a later bankruptcy proceeding if the assets were transferred below market value.
The agreed enforcement procedures are not binding on third parties such as creditors that have registered an attachment or valid security against the encumbered assets. Such third party attachments and rights can only be cleared through a court administered public auction.
In the absence of specifically agreed enforcement procedures, Danish law requires conduct of a public auction in accordance with the Danish Administration of Justice Act (Retsplejeloven).
Pledges of shares and accounts as well as security assignments of receivables may be enforced without an execution order. However, at least eight days prior notice requesting the debtor to pay the secured debt must be given to the pledgor by registered mail unless a sale is necessary to avoid or reduce a loss.
Perfection of Security Interests
The collateral governed by Danish law will be granted and perfected, inter alia, in favor of the holders of the Notes represented by the Security Agent. New Danish rules have been enacted in the Danish Securities Trading Act allowing representatives to hold security on behalf of noteholders and the Security Agent may be appointed as representative pursuant to the Danish Securities Trading Act. There is not yet any case law relating to the new legislation confirming the right of the representative to enforce on behalf of the holders of the Notes so there is a risk that enforcement may be delayed.
377

The collateral governed by Danish law will be perfected by the Issuer in favor of the Security Agent and some of the collateral may only be perfected after the occurrence of certain events of default. Absent perfection, the holder of the security interest may not be able to enforce its rights in the collateral against third parties, including a bankruptcy administrator and other creditors who claim a security interest in the same collateral. Moreover, if perfection occurs only after the occurrence of certain events of default it will entail a hardening period.
A Danish court may find that a security interest in dividend rights and voting rights granted pursuant to a share pledge agreement has not been perfected until the parties secured by the share pledge have given notice to the relevant company that the voting rights and dividend rights pledged under the share pledge agreement may be exercised only by the secured parties or a security agent acting on their behalf. Upon perfection, the security interest in dividend rights and voting rights may be deemed to be security for pre-existing debt and, thus, as regards those rights be subject to a three months' hardening period following perfection.
Under Danish law, the ranking of security rights is determined by the date on which the relevant act of perfection has been taken, and if a security interest created later in time over that same collateral, but in respect of which the act of perfection is completed prior to perfection of the pre-existing security interest then the security interest created later will have priority.
Parallel Debt and Trusts
The concept of parallel debt arrangements is not generally recognized under Danish law and any agreement or document may not be enforceable to the extent it purports to effect such arrangements. It is uncertain whether Danish law recognizes the concept of trusts, and provisions in documents which intend to create a trust may not be enforceable.
Finland
Insolvency Proceedings under Finnish Law
Under Finnish law, if a company is insolvent or is at risk of becoming insolvent, the company may be the subject of three alternative types of proceedings: company restructuring, bankruptcy and voluntary liquidation. Although these types of proceedings are distinct from each other, in practice, a voluntary liquidation proceeding is followed by bankruptcy of the company if the settlement of all of the company's debts is not possible. The provisions of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Fi. Konkurssilaki, 120/2004), as amended, the Finnish Restructuring Act (Fi. Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta, 47/1993), as amended, and the Finnish Act on the Recovery of Assets to the Bankruptcy Estate (the ``Finnish Recovery Act'') (Fi. Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesa¨a¨n, 758/1991), as amended, are particularly relevant to this discussion.
Bankruptcy Pursuant to the Finnish Bankruptcy Act
General
If a debtor fails to pay its debts when due and the inability to pay is not temporary, the debtor is considered insolvent for the purposes of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act. Under certain conditions, the debtor or a creditor may then file a bankruptcy application with the competent court. The debtor is, however, not obligated to file for bankruptcy. If the application is granted and the debtor declared bankrupt, an estate administrator (or several estate administrators) (Fi. pesa¨nhoitaja) will be appointed by the court to manage the bankruptcy estate.
The purpose of bankruptcy proceedings is to dissolve the company by selling all of its assets and to distribute the proceeds to creditors. Bankruptcy is a form of insolvency proceeding covering all the liabilities of the debtor, whereby the assets of the debtor are used in payment of the claims in bankruptcy. In order to achieve the bankruptcy's objective, the debtor's assets are, from the beginning of the bankruptcy, subject to the authority of the creditors. The creditors are represented by an estate administrator appointed by the court. The bankruptcy estate may in exceptional cases continue with the company's business operations, and the disposal of property will be realized as soon as reasonably possible.
Enforcement of security in a bankruptcy is described under the section titled ``--Enforcement of Security in Bankruptcy'' below.
378

Effect of Bankruptcy on the Bankruptcy Debtor's Contracts
As a rule, the bankruptcy estate may choose whether to accede to a contract entered into by the debtor. According to the Finnish Bankruptcy Act, the other contracting party has the right to request a declaration of whether the bankruptcy estate commits to a contract between the creditor and the debtor. If the estate declares, within a reasonable time, that it commits to the contract, as well as posts acceptable security for the performance of the contract, the contract cannot be terminated by the other contracting party for cause. However, the other contracting party may terminate the contract for cause if the contract is of a personal nature or if there is another special reason for which it cannot be required to remain bound to the contract with the bankruptcy estate.
Notices to the Bankruptcy Estate with Regard to Claims
In order to be entitled to a disbursement, a creditor must generally file a claim in bankruptcy in writing (``claim letter'') by delivering it to the estate administrator no later than the deadline set by the estate administrator. There are, however, some specific exceptions in the Finnish Bankruptcy Act according to which a claim may be taken into account without it being filed.
The obligation to notify the bankruptcy estate of a claim is binding also on a creditor with a secured claim (notice of claim secured by collateral). A creditor who holds assets belonging to the debtor as security for the debt of a third party must, at the request of and within a time limit set by the estate administrator, provide the information on receivables and collateral that should be provided in a claim letter (notice of third party collateral). A creditor who holds a business mortgage over the assets of the debtor, as referred to in the Finnish Business Mortgages Act (Fi: Yrityskiinnityslaki, 634/1984), as amended, as security of a claim against the debtor in bankruptcy or a debt owed by some other debtor shall file the claim as provided in the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (filing of a right based on a business mortgage).
A creditor who wishes to use his or her claim for set-off against a debt owed to the debtor must, when giving notice of the set-off, provide the estate administrator with the same information that shall be provided in a claim letter (Notice of a claim to be used for set-off). The notice of set-off must be made at the latest on the last date for the filing of claims.
Disbursements
The estate administrator draws up a list stipulating how the assets of the estate are to be disbursed to the creditors (draft disbursement list). The court verifies that the estate administrator's draft disbursement list meets the requirements set out in law and that the procedural provisions relating to the draft disbursement list have been observed.
Creditors have an equal right to payment from the funds of the bankruptcy estate in the proportion of the amount of their claims, unless otherwise provided by law. Before payment is made to the creditors, costs incurred by the bankruptcy estate (e.g. the estate administrator's fees) are paid from the bankruptcy estate's assets. The following creditors have precedence over unsecured creditors to receive their claims in the following order:
a pledgee and holder of a lien and holders of retention rights;
creditors of the administrative expenses of the bankruptcy estate, creditors with claims on the basis of contracts that the bankruptcy estate (rather than the debtor) has entered into, and creditors with respect to any liabilities for which the bankruptcy estate is responsible by operation of law;
a creditor of debt arisen between the commencement and the discontinuation of possible formal restructuring proceedings;
a creditor with respect to a claim which is secured by a business mortgage will receive prior to other claims a disbursement of 50% of the value of the mortgaged assets.
The rights of the above-mentioned preferential creditors may adversely affect the interests of holders of the Notes. Bankruptcy of the Finnish Guarantor could result in holders of the Notes recovering considerably less than they would have otherwise been entitled to recover under the Note guarantee.
The law prescribes claims that are to be settled last. In practice, the most significant of such claims are the interest accruing on the claim during the period subsequent to the commencement of the bankruptcy, a bond issued with a low priority and a subordinate loan. The Finnish state has no preferential rights regarding taxes and other fiscal charges.
379

The assets of the bankruptcy estate are disposed of so as to maximize the aggregate net proceeds, including by way of auctions, advertising and direct solicitation of potential buyers. However, creditors that have an interest in collateral may exercise their right of enforcement of collateral regardless of the bankruptcy proceedings. The bankruptcy estate may at its own discretion prohibit the sale for a maximum of two months or redeem the security asset by paying the secured claim. The bankruptcy estate may sell collateral belonging to the estate only if the creditor secured by the collateral consents to the same or if the court grants a specific permission.
Restructuring of a Company Pursuant to the Finnish Restructuring Act
General
If a company is insolvent or is at risk of becoming insolvent, an application for corporate restructuring can be made to a competent court by the debtor or by one or more creditors. Further, the initiation of restructuring proceedings is possible--in theory, irrespective of the company's solvency situation-- when at least two creditors whose total claims represent at least one fifth of the debtor's known debts and who are not related to the debtor file a joint application with the debtor or declare that they support the debtor's application for restructuring. The purpose of a company restructuring is to investigate whether the business has a reasonable chance to continue and, if so, to rehabilitate the company's viable business, ensure its continued viability and make arrangements with creditors.
Opening of Restructuring Proceedings and Appointment of an Administrator
If there are no specific barriers to restructuring under the Finnish Restructuring Act (including, inter alia, the debtor being insolvent and it being improbable that a restructuring will remedy the insolvency or prevent its recurrence otherwise than for a short period) and, consequently, the court approves the application and opens restructuring proceedings, the court will simultaneously appoint a restructuring administrator (Fi. selvitta¨ja¨). The restructuring administrator is entitled to review the company's books and business documents, to obtain any information on the company's business activities and to participate in meetings of the debtor's corporate bodies. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director continue to act on behalf of the company during the restructuring.
Contracts and Moratorium
The commencement of restructuring proceedings, as a general rule, has no effect on the debtor's existing contracts. However, there are some exceptions set forth in the Finnish Restructuring Act, such as lease agreements, credit-lease agreements, unfulfilled contracts not deemed to be a regular part of the activities of the debtor and employment relationships.
All existing claims against the company are suspended as of the commencement of the company restructuring. The suspension, as a general rule, prohibits the enforcement and placing of security, the repayment and enforcement of the restructuring debts (i.e., debts that have arisen before the filing of the application) and the seizure of assets. The court may order, on the request of the applicant or the debtor, that such prohibitions are in effect as of a date even prior to the commencement of restructuring proceedings (i.e., shortly after the filing of the application for the restructuring proceedings). The suspensions are in force until the restructuring program has been verified by the district court or the proceedings have been dismissed.
Debts arising after the filing of the application must be repaid as they become due. The same applies to fees, charges and other running expenses (e.g., lease payments) based on a continuous contractual relationship or on a continuous contract on use or possession, to the extent that these relate to the period subsequent to the filing of the application.
Debt Arrangements
As a general rule, creditors holding unsecured claims have an equal status in the arrangements of the restructuring debts within the restructuring program.
380

Subject to certain restrictions set forth in the Finnish Restructuring Act, the following measures may be taken with respect to unsecured debts in the restructuring program: (i) the repayment schedule may be changed; (ii) an order may be issued that debt payments be considered as payments against principal first, and as payments of interest and other credit costs only second; (iii) the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of a debt may be reduced; and (iv) the outstanding principal balance of unpaid debt may be reduced. The restructuring program may also include the full or partial refinancing of debt. Consequently, the restructuring procedure could result in holders of Notes receiving right to recover considerably less that they would otherwise be entitled to recover under the Note guarantee.
Secured Debt
Secured debt means restructuring debt where the creditor holds an effective (against third parties) security interest to property that belongs to or is in the possession of the debtor (including, e.g., debts secured by collateral or by a business mortgage), insofar as the value of the security at the commencement of the proceedings would have been enough to cover the amount of the creditor's claim after the deduction of liquidation costs and claims with a higher priority. Regarding business mortgages, only 50% of the value of the mortgaged property will be considered as secured debt. The value of the property will be determined by the restructuring program.
The following debt arrangements may be applied to secured debt: (a) the repayment schedule may be changed; (b) an order may be issued that debt payments be applied as payments against principal first and as payments of interest and other credit costs second; or (c) the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of the debt may be reduced. Even if the debt arrangement does not affect the existence or content of a creditor's security interest, the security arrangements relating to the debt may be altered by replacing the security with other fully adequate security. As that portion of a formally secured claim which exceeds the value of the security (net of costs and claims with a higher priority) is not considered secured debt for the purposes of the Finnish Restructuring Act, the principal of a formally secured claim can be reduced to be equal to the value of the security (net of costs and claims with a higher priority).
Payments on a secured debt shall be set so that at least the present value of the secured debt will be repaid within a reasonable period, not to materially exceed the remainder of the credit period without the consent of the creditor or, if the debt has become due in full, not to materially exceed one half of the original credit period. As for reducing interest and other credit costs, a court will take note of the length of the remaining credit period, so that the longer the remaining credit period, the smaller the reduction in interest and credit costs.
Approval of the Restructuring Program
The draft of the restructuring program will be drawn up by the restructuring administrator, and the court will ratify it subject to the approval of all the creditors or with the acceptance of the majority in the groups of creditors. There are, however, some specific limitations under the Finnish Restructuring Act which apply even if the restructuring program is approved by all creditors or the majority in each group of creditors. Furthermore, even if the majority does not exist in one or several groups of creditors, the restructuring program may nonetheless be approved at the request of the person who has prepared the draft, the administrator or the debtor, subject to the terms specified in the Recovery Act. The debtor may also submit its own proposal to the court with respect to the restructuring program.
Limitations on the Validity and Value of a Security Interest
Certain provisions of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi. Osakeyhtio¨laki, 624/2006), as amended, may limit the validity and value of a Finnish security interest and guarantees.
Financial Assistance
According to the Finnish Companies Act, a Finnish company may not provide financing for, or grant guarantees or security to secure the financing of, the acquisition of its or its parent company's shares.
381

Corporate Benefit Rules
According to the Finnish Companies Act, a company can only distribute its assets in ways specified in the Finnish Companies Act. Other transactions that reduce the assets of the company or increase its liabilities without a sound business reason constitute unlawful distribution of assets. Granting of guarantees and security is subject to the rules applicable to distribution of funds and therefore requires that the granting of guarantee/security is based on sound business reasons.
In addition to the corporate benefit requirement, the granting of the guarantee/security has to be within the limits of the company's business purpose (as set out in its articles of association) and the company may not be insolvent and the granting of security may not result in the company becoming insolvent.
Establishing a Security Interest
General
In order to create an effective and enforceable security interest against ultra partes under Finnish law, there must be: (a) a contractual arrangement between the pledgor and pledgee (i.e. any contractual relationship; there is no requirement for a classic lending relationship); (b) a claim as a ground for the purpose of the security arrangement (causa); (c) legal capacity of the pledgor to grant a pledge over the property in question (typically the pledgor will be the owner of the property); and (d) perfection of the security interest. The property subject to the pledge must also be adequately specified, transferable, capable of being the subject of foreclosure and have economic value.
As a ground for validity, Finnish law requires perfection of the security interest, by an act making the interest publicly observable (the ``publicity effect,'' Fi: julkivarmistus). By proper fulfilment of the requirement for the publicity effect, the security interest over the property is protected against third parties. This applies, among others, to the protection against loss of title, i.e., protection against a rightful owner in case of fraudulent disposal, and to the protection for exchange, i.e., protection against later successors and creditors of the debtor. However, the security agreement is as such valid between the parties even if the security interest is not made publicly observable. The manner in which the publicity effect is created for each security varies depending on the type of property in question.
Shares
In the case of shares, the perfection of the pledge is achieved by the transfer of the share certificates to the possession of the pledgee. The pledgee is not entitled to vote the shares but will normally obtain a proxy to vote upon an event of default or similar event. The pledgor is entitled to any bonus shares and any new shares issued in rights issues but these might, depending on the agreement between the parties, be pledged in favor of the pledgee, in which case any new share certificates representing such shares should be immediately delivered to the pledgee. Unless the pledgee and the pledgor agree otherwise, the pledgor is entitled to all dividends until the bankruptcy date. The right to future dividends can, however, be pledged to the pledgee or to a third party.
Receivables, bank accounts and Claims in General
Pledges can also be granted and perfected in receivables and other claims (including dividends and bank accounts). Security over receivables and claims is perfected by way of notification to the debtor of the underlying claim. In order to obtain the intended result, the pledgor or the pledgee should state that the receivable has been pledged to the pledgee and the notice must also effectively prohibit the debtor of the underlying claim to pay the pledgor. For bank accounts this means that the account holder cannot be allowed to use the account.
Pre-bankruptcy Enforcement
Under Finnish law, security may generally be enforced by the holder of the security without involvement of the courts or other third parties provided that the underlying debt obligation has fallen due. Certain categories of property (such as real property and business mortgage) may however only be enforced through an enforcement authority and after the pledgee has obtained an enforcement order. Enforcement of security over shares, receivables, bank accounts, trademarks and contractual rights can be carried out by the security holder itself. However, the pledgee has a general duty of care towards the pledgor and other interested parties, such as other pledgees with junior ranking security. This duty
382

implies, inter alia, that a fair market value should be obtained if the pledged asset is enforced and that the pledgor should be given prior notice of the contemplated enforcement.
Enforcement of Security in Bankruptcy
An enforcement of a security interest in property other than real property can in principle be carried out in the same manner in a bankruptcy proceeding as outside of bankruptcy proceedings. However, where a pledgee seeks to enforce such security itself, certain statutory notice requirements apply and if the estate has obtained an offer that exceeds the current auction value of the asset, the court may in certain circumstances entitle the estate to sell the security. This does not affect the secured creditor's right to any enforcement proceeds. When conducting the enforcement, the pledgee must take into account the interests of the bankruptcy estate. One practical effect of this is that an undervalue sale is prohibited. Finally, after the sale, the secured creditor must give an account to the estate administrator of the sale and deliver to the estate administrator any sale proceeds exceeding the amount of the secured debt. Should the secured creditor not wish to conduct the sale itself, the bankruptcy estate may arrange the sale on behalf of such creditor on the condition that the sale price is sufficient to cover the entire secured debt (unless the secured creditor consents to a lower sale price). The bankruptcy estate may also decide to redeem the security object at a price corresponding to the amount of the secured claim comprising interest accruing until the time of redemption.
Real property of the bankruptcy estate is generally realized by an enforcement authority or through a voluntary trade, where the estate sells and the pledgee approves of the trade.
As a final option, at the request of the bankruptcy estate, the court may grant the estate permission to sell the collateral belonging to the estate, if an offer for the purchase of the collateral has been made to the estate, the offer exceeds the likely auction price of the collateral and the creditor protected by the collateral cannot show the probability that a better result of the sale of the collateral can be achieved by other means. In this case, the court order on the permission shall indicate the essential terms of the sale and the protected creditor shall be instructed to surrender the collateral, the mortgage instruments or the other corresponding mortgage documents to the bankruptcy estate so that they can be handed over to the buyer as consideration for the sale price, which means that the sale shall be effected free of mortgages or pledges. It is likely that the court would simultaneously prohibit the secured creditor from taking measures for the liquidation of the collateral. The sale price from the sale shall be disbursed as regulated in the Finnish Payment Order Act (Fi. Laki velkojien maksunsaantija¨rjestyksesta¨, 1578/1992), as amended, which gives very high priority for claims secured by a pledge or a mortgage.
Recovery in Bankruptcy and in Restructuring
In Finnish bankruptcy and company restructuring proceedings, transactions can (in certain circumstances and subject to different time limits) be recovered. The assets shall in such case be returned to the bankruptcy estate or company undergoing restructuring. Broadly, these transactions include, among others and subject to further prerequisites, where the debtor has conveyed property fraudulently or preferentially to one creditor to the detriment of one or more of its other creditors, paid a debt prior to its maturity or paid a debt in an amount having a considerable negative impact on the financial position of the debtor or paid a debt by way of using unusual means of payment or where the debtor has granted security after the debt was incurred or when possession of security had not been transferred, or any similar act perfecting the security had not been taken without unjustified delay after the granting of the credit.
In the majority of situations, a claim for recovery can be made concerning actions which occurred during the three-month period preceding the commencement of the relevant insolvency proceedings, notably where security is granted or where perfection is delayed. In certain situations, longer time limits apply, and in others, there are no time limits. Situations in which longer/no time limits apply include, among others, situations where the other party to an agreement or other arrangement is deemed to be a closely related party to the debtor, such as a subsidiary or parent company.
Accordingly, the validity of the Note guarantees or any payment made thereunder may be challenged and it is possible that such challenge would be successful. If the granting of a Note guarantee or a payment thereunder is successfully challenged, then the granting of such Note guarantee could be nullified or the payment recovered. As a result of such successful challenges, holders of the Notes may not enjoy the benefit of a Note guarantee, and the value of any consideration that holders of the Notes
383

received with respect to a Note guarantee could also be subject to a recovery from the holders of the Notes.
Foreign Currency
Finnish courts may award judgments in currencies other than euro, but the judgment debtor has the right to pay judgment debt, even though denominated in a foreign currency, in euro at the rate of exchange prevailing at the date of payment.
Security Agent
It is generally possible under Finnish law to have an agent acting on behalf of the secured parties. However, it is not established by law or court precedent that a power of attorney or an appointment of an agent (including any agent for service of process), can be made irrevocable and it is therefore possible that any power of attorney purporting to be irrevocable can be revoked.
Germany
Each of the Guarantors incorporated in Germany (i.e. Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH, Lindorff Holding GmbH and Lindorff Deutschland GmbH, hereinafter the ``German Guarantors'') is incorporated in the form of a German limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschra¨nkter Haftung, ``GmbH''). Consequently, the grant of a guarantee or Collateral by them is subject to certain restrictions of the German Limited Liability Company Act (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaft mit beschra¨nkter Haftung, ``GmbHG'').
In particular, the capital maintenance rule provided for in section 30 of the GmbHG (``Section 30'') prohibits a GmbH from disbursing its assets to its shareholders to the extent that the amount of its net assets (i.e., assets minus liabilities and liability reserves) is already less or would fall below the amount of its stated share capital (Stammkapital). The granting of guarantees, share pledges and other security by a GmbH in order to secure liabilities of a direct or indirect parent or sister company may be considered disbursements under Section 30. Therefore, in order to enable the German Guarantors to grant guarantees and to create security interests to secure liabilities of a direct or indirect parent or sister company without the risk of violating Section 30, it is standard market practice for indentures, credit agreements, guarantees and security documents provide for limitations on the enforcement of payment claims and Collateral in order to protect guarantors or security grantors in the legal form of a German GmbH. The relevant enforcement limitations provide that the beneficiaries of the guarantee obligations or security interests, as the case may be, agree, subject to certain exemptions, to require payments under the guarantee or, as the case may be, enforce the security interests against the German subsidiary only to the extent that such payment or, as the case may be, enforcement does not result in the GmbH's net assets falling below its stated share capital or, as the case may be, if the net assets are already below the amount of its stated share capital, to cause such amount to be further reduced. Accordingly, the Indenture, the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement, and other relevant documents relating to the guarantees and the Collateral provided by the German Guarantors or other German security providers will contain such restrictions which limit the enforcement of the relevant guarantees and Collateral in the way described above. The same principles apply to any German limited liability company established in the form of a Unternehmergesellschaft (``UG'') and to the general partner of a limited liability partnership (Kommanditgesellschaft) with a GmbH as its sole general partner (Komplementa¨r) (``GmbH & Co. KG'') established in Germany.
German capital maintenance rules are subject to ongoing court decisions. Future court rulings may further limit the access of shareholders to assets of their subsidiaries constituted in the form of a GmbH, UG or a GmbH & Co. KG, which can negatively affect the ability of subsidiaries of borrowers (such as the German Guarantors) to make payments on the Guarantees, of the secured parties to enforce the Collateral or of the beneficiaries of the Guarantees to enforce the Guarantees.
In addition to the capital maintenance rule, under established case law of the German Federal Supreme Court, shareholders and the management of German limited liability companies (such as the German Guarantors) may be held personally liable, if they interfere with the GmbH in a manner that deprives the GmbH of its liquidity necessary to meet its own payment obligations, the so-called ``destructive interference'' (existenzvernichtender Eingriff). It cannot be ruled out that courts may apply the principles of this case law to the enforcement of guarantees and Collateral granted to secure obligations of parent
384

or sister companies. In such case, the amount of proceeds that can be realized in an enforcement may be further reduced, even to zero.
Certain Insolvency Law Considerations
Insolvency
In the event of insolvency of a guarantor or provider of Collateral organized under the laws of Germany and/or having its center of main interests in Germany any main insolvency proceedings would most likely be initiated in Germany and be governed by German law. The insolvency laws of Germany and, in particular, the provisions of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) may not be as favorable to creditors as the insolvency laws of other jurisdictions, including, inter alia, in respect of priority of creditors, the ability to obtain post-petition interest as well as security interests and the duration of the insolvency proceedings, and hence may limit the ability of creditors to recover payments due on the Notes to an extent exceeding the limitations arising under other insolvency laws.
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of the insolvency laws of Germany.
German Insolvency Proceedings
Under German insolvency law, insolvency proceedings are not initiated by the competent insolvency court ex officio, but require that the debtor and/or a creditor files a petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings. Insolvency proceedings can be initiated either by the debtor or by a creditor in the event of over-indebtedness (U¨berschuldung) of the debtor or in the event of or illiquidity (Zahlungsunfa¨higkeit) A debtor is illiquid in the meaning of the German Insolvency Code if it is unable to pay its debt as and when due. A debtor is deemed over-indebted if its liabilities exceed the value of its assets (based on their liquidation values) unless given the circumstances, it is more likely than not (u¨berwiegend wahrscheinlich) that the debtor's business can nevertheless survive as a going concern.
If a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschra¨nkter Haftung--GmbH), a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft--AG), a European law stock corporation based in Germany (Societas Europaea-- SE), any other limited liability company or any company not having an individual as personally liable shareholder finds itself in a situation of illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness, the managing director(s) of such company and, in certain circumstances, its shareholders, are obliged to file for the opening of insolvency proceedings without undue delay but not later than three weeks after the mandatory insolvency reason occurred, i.e., illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness. Non-compliance with these obligations exposes management to both severe damage claims as well as sanctions under criminal law.
In addition, a debtor (but not the creditors) may file a petition to open insolvency proceedings if the debtor is in a situation of imminent illiquidity (drohende Zahlungsunfa¨higkeit). The debtor is imminently illiquid if it is currently able to service its payments obligations, but will presumably not be able to continue to do so at some point in time within a certain prognosis period. However, only the debtor, but not the creditors, is entitled (but not obligated) to file for the opening of insolvency proceedings if the debtor is likely not to be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.
The insolvency proceedings are administered by the competent insolvency court which monitors the due performance of the proceedings. Upon receipt of the insolvency petition, the insolvency court may take preliminary protective measures to secure the property of the debtor during the preliminary proceedings (Insolvenzero¨ffnungsverfahren). The insolvency court may prohibit or suspend any measures taken to enforce individual claims against the debtor's assets during these preliminary proceedings as far as these protective measures are reasonable to protect the debtor's assets and/or to ensure the continuation of the debtor's business. As part of such protective measures the court may appoint a preliminary insolvency administrator (vorla¨ufiger Insolvenzverwalter), unless the debtor has petitioned for debtor-in-possession proceedings (Eigenverwaltung)--an insolvency process in which the debtor's management generally remains in charge of administering the debtor's business affairs under the supervision of a preliminary trustee (vorla¨ufiger Sachwalter)--and this petition is not obviously futile. The insolvency court has a wide discretion to define rights and duties of the preliminary administrator. The duties of the preliminary administrator may be, in particular, to safeguard and to preserve the debtor's property (which includes the continuation of the business carried out by the debtor), to verify the existence of an insolvency reason and to assess whether the debtor's net assets will be sufficient to cover the costs of the insolvency proceedings. Depending on the decision of the court, even the right to
385

manage and dispose of the business and assets of the debtor may pass to the preliminary insolvency administrator. During preliminary proceedings a ``preliminary creditors' committee'' (vorla¨ufiger Gla¨ubigerausschuss) may be set up by the court, and has to be set up if the debtor satisfies two of the following three requirements: (i) a balance sheet total in excess of e4,840,000 (after deducting an equity shortfall if the debtor is over-indebted), (ii) revenue of at least e9,680,000 in the twelve month period prior to the last balance sheet date and/or (iii) 50 or more employees. The preliminary creditors' committee will be able to participate in certain important insolvency court decisions. It will have, for example, the power to influence the selection of a preliminary insolvency administrator or an insolvency administrator (vorla¨ufiger Insolvenzverwalter and Insolvenzverwalter), orders for ``debtor in possession'' proceedings (Anordnung der Eigenverwaltung), and appointments of preliminary trustees (vorla¨ufiger Sachwalter). In case the members of the preliminary creditors' committee unanimously agree on an individual, such suggestion is binding on the court (unless the suggested individual is not eligible, i.e., not competent and/or not impartial). To ensure that the preliminary creditors' committee reflects the interests of all creditor constituencies, it shall include a representative of the secured creditors, one for the large and one for the small creditors as well as one for the employees.
The court orders the opening (Ero¨ffnungsbeschluss) of formal insolvency proceedings (ero¨ffnetes Insolvenzverfahren) if certain requirements are met, in particular if: (i) the debtor is in a situation of impending illiquidity (if the petition has been filed by the debtor) or illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness and (ii) there are sufficient assets (Insolvenzmasse) to cover at least the cost of the insolvency proceedings. If the assets of the debtor are not expected to be sufficient, the insolvency court will only open formal insolvency proceedings if third parties, for instance creditors, advance the costs. In the absence of such advancement, the petition for opening of insolvency proceedings will usually be refused for insufficiency of assets (Abweisung mangels Masse).
Upon the opening of formal insolvency proceedings, the right to manage and dispose of the business and assets of the debtor passes to the insolvency administrator (Insolvenzverwalter) (usually the same person who acted as preliminary insolvency administrator), who is appointed by the insolvency court, unless a debtor-in-possession (Eigenverwaltung) is ordered. In addition, the insolvency administrator may raise new debt and incur other liabilities to continue the debtor's operations, and satisfaction of these liabilities as preferential debts of the estate (Masseschulden) will be preferred to any insolvency liabilities created by the debtor prior to the opening of insolvency proceedings (including such portion of an in rem secured creditor's claim which exceeds the amount obtained through a disposal of the relevant Collateral).
For the holders of the Notes, the most important consequences of the opening of German insolvency proceedings against a German Guarantor or any subsidiary subject to the German insolvency regime would be the following:
· the right to administer and dispose of the relevant German Guarantor's or such subsidiary's assets would generally pass to the (preliminary) insolvency administrator ((vorla¨ufiger) Insolvenzverwalter) as sole representative of the insolvency estate;
· if the court does not order debtor-in-possession proceedings (Eigenverwaltung), disposals effected by the relevant German Guarantor's or such subsidiary's management after the opening of insolvency proceedings are null and void by operation of law;
· if, during the final month preceding the date of filing for insolvency proceedings, a creditor in the insolvency proceedings acquires through execution (i.e., attachment) a security interest in part of the debtor's property that would normally form part of the insolvency estate, such security becomes null and void by operation of law upon the opening of the insolvency proceedings;
· claims against the relevant German Guarantor or such subsidiary may generally only be pursued in accordance with the rules set forth in the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung); and
· any person that has a right for separation (Aussonderung), i.e., the relevant asset of this person does not constitute part of the insolvency estate, does not participate in the insolvency proceedings; the claim for separation must be enforced in the course of ordinary court proceedings against the insolvency administrator.
All creditors, whether secured or unsecured (unless they have a right to segregate an asset from the insolvency estate (Aussonderungsrecht)), who wish to assert claims against the debtor in person need to participate in the insolvency proceedings. German insolvency proceedings are collective
386

proceedings and creditors may generally no longer pursue their individual claims in the insolvency proceedings separately, but can instead only enforce them in compliance with the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). Any individual enforcement action brought against the debtor by any of its creditors is subject to an automatic stay once insolvency proceedings have been opened (and, if so ordered by a court, also between the time when an insolvency petition is filed and the time when insolvency proceedings commence). If, during the final month preceding the date of filing for insolvency proceedings, a creditor acquires through execution (i.e., attachment) a security interest in part of the debtor's property that would normally form part of the insolvency estate, such security becomes null and void by operation of law upon opening of the insolvency proceedings. Unsecured creditors may file their claims in the insolvency proceedings and will be paid on a pro rata basis from the insolvency estate (to the extent sufficient assets are available). Secured creditors are generally not entitled to enforce their security interests after an insolvency petition has been filed to the extent the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) authorizes the insolvency administrator to dispose of the relevant Collateral (though, between the time when an insolvency petition is filed and the time when insolvency proceedings commence, such stay on enforcement requires a court order) outside the insolvency proceedings. Whether or not a secured creditor remains entitled, after the initiation of insolvency proceedings, to enforce security granted to it by the relevant debtor depends on the type of security. Generally, the insolvency administrator has the right to realize movable assets that are in the administrator's possession and which are subject to security interests in the form of liens or security transfers (Sicherungsu¨bereignung) as well as any rights and receivables of the debtor that have been secured by security assignments (Sicherungsabtretungen). To the extent the insolvency administrator has a right of realization, the secured creditor retains the right of preferred satisfaction with regard to the disposal proceeds (Absonderungsrecht). Consequently, the enforcement proceeds minus certain contributory charges for (i) assessing the value of the secured assets (Feststellungskosten) and (ii) realizing the secured assets (Verwertungskosten), which, in the aggregate, usually add-up to at least 9% of the gross enforcement proceeds plus VAT (if any) and are disbursed to the creditor holding a security interest in the relevant Collateral up to an amount equal to its secured claims. The amounts related to remaining unencumbered assets of the debtor (``excess proceeds'') will be allocated to the insolvency estate and would, after deduction of the costs of the insolvency proceedings (for example, fees for and expenses of the insolvency administrator and the insolvency court as well as the members of the creditors' committee) and after satisfaction of certain preferential liabilities be distributed among the non-preferential unsecured creditors, including, to the extent their claims exceed the enforcement proceeds of the security interests, the holders of the Notes. If the relevant German Guarantor or a subsidiary subject to German insolvency proceedings grant security over that German Guarantor or subsidiary or its assets to creditors other than the holders of the Notes, such security may result in a preferred treatment of creditors secured by such security (however, the preferential treatment would be limited to the proceeds obtained through the disposal of the relevant Collateral). The excess proceeds resulting from such Collateral and after satisfaction of the secured creditors may not be sufficient to satisfy the claims of the holders of the Notes. In addition, it may take several years before enforcement proceeds and/or assets of the insolvent estate, are distributed to creditors. Claims of subordinated creditors in the insolvent proceedings (nachrangige Insolvenzgla¨ubiger) are satisfied only after the claims of other non-subordinated creditors (including the unsecured insolvency claims) have been fully satisfied.
The right of a creditor to preferred satisfaction (Absonderungsrecht) may not necessarily prevent the insolvency administrator from using a moveable asset that is subject to this right. The insolvency administrator, however, must compensate the creditor for any loss of value resulting from such use.
An alternative distribution of enforcement proceeds can be proposed in an insolvency plan (Insolvenzplan) that can be submitted by the debtor or the insolvency administrator and requires, in principle, the consent of the debtor and the consent of each class of creditors in accordance with specific majority rules. Under German insolvency laws, it is possible to implement a debt equity swap through an insolvency plan. However, it will not be possible to force a creditor into a debt to equity conversion if it does not consent to such debt to equity swap.
Realizing the value of the insolvency estate for distribution of the proceeds among the creditors is commonly achieved by disposing of the debtor's assets, or, as the case may be, by disposing of the debtor's business as a going concern. The insolvent debtor may also file for preliminary ``debtor in possession'' proceedings (Schutzschirmverfahren). In such a case and upon request of the debtor, the court will prohibit enforcement measures (other than those with respect to immoveable assets) and may
387

implement other preliminary measures to protect the debtor from creditor enforcement actions for up to three months if an independent expert testifies that the restructuring of the debtor's business is not obviously futile (offensichtlich aussichtslos) and that the debtor is not already illiquid. During such period, the debtor shall, together with its creditors and a preliminary trustee (vorla¨ufiger Sachwalter), prepare an insolvency plan which ideally will be implemented in formal ``debtor in possession'' proceedings (Eigenverwaltung) after formal insolvency proceedings have been opened.
Under German insolvency law, there is no consolidation of the assets and liabilities of a group of companies in the event of insolvency. In case of a group of companies, each entity, from an insolvency law point of view, has to be dealt with separately (i.e., there is no group insolvency concept under German insolvency law). As a consequence, there is, in particular, no pooling of claims among the respective entities of a group, but rather the claims of and vis-a`-vis each entity have to be dealt with separately.
Other than secured and unsecured creditors, German insolvency law provides for certain creditors to be subordinated by law (in particular, but not limited to, claims made by shareholders (unless privileged) of the relevant debtor for the return of funds or payment of a consideration), while claims of a person who becomes a creditor of the insolvency estate only after the opening of insolvency proceedings generally rank senior to the claims of regular, unsecured creditors. In an insolvency of a German borrower or issuer, loans or other debt instruments (including notes) granted by a direct or indirect shareholder of such borrower or issuer are subordinated, unless such shareholder is privileged. A shareholder is, for example, privileged if the shareholder's (direct or indirect) equity interest in the German borrower or issuer is no more than 10% and the shareholder does not take a managing role in the German borrower or issuer (so-called small shareholder's privilege--Kleinbeteiligungsprivileg).
Powers of attorney granted by the relevant debtor and certain other legal relationships cease to be effective upon the opening of insolvency proceedings. Certain executory contracts become unenforceable at such time unless and until the insolvency administrator opts for performance.
Hardening Periods and Fraudulent Transfer
Under the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung), an insolvency administrator may challenge transactions which are deemed detrimental to insolvency creditors and which were effected prior to the commencement of insolvency proceedings. The administrator's right to challenge transactions can, depending on the circumstances, extend to transactions during the ten-year period prior to the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
In the event of insolvency proceedings with respect to the relevant German Guarantor or security provider, which would be based on and governed by the insolvency laws of Germany, the payment of any amount to the holders of the Notes, guarantee provided by the respective German Guarantor or the Collateral provided by the respective entity for the benefit of the holders of the Notes could be subject to potential challenges by an insolvency administrator (Insolvenzverwalter) under the rules of avoidance as set out in the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). In the event such a transaction is successfully avoided (angefochten), the holders of the Notes would be under an obligation to repay the amounts received to the insolvency estate or to waive the respective Guarantee or security interest and you would have a general unsecured claim solely under the Notes without preference.
In particular, an act (Rechtshandlung) or a transaction (Rechtsgescha¨ft) (which term includes the grant of security or the repayment of debt) may be voided in the following cases:
· any act granting an insolvency creditor, or enabling an insolvency creditor to obtain, security or satisfaction for a debt (Befriedigung) if such act was taken (i) during the last three months prior to the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings, provided that the debtor was illiquid (zahlungsunfa¨hig) at the time when such act was taken and the creditor knew of such illiquidity (or of circumstances that imperatively suggest that the debtor was illiquid) at such time, or (ii) after the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings, if the creditor knew of the debtor's illiquidity or the filing of such petition (or of circumstances imperatively suggesting such illiquidity or filing);
· any act granting an insolvency creditor, or enabling an insolvency creditor to obtain, security or satisfaction to which such creditor was not entitled or which was granted or obtained in a form or at a time to which or at which such creditor was not entitled to such security or satisfaction, if (i) such act was taken during the last month prior to the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency
388

proceedings or after such filing; (ii) such act was taken during the second or third month prior to the filing of the petition and the debtor was illiquid at such time; or (iii) such act was taken during the second or third month prior to the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings and the creditor knew at the time such act was taken that such act was detrimental to the other insolvency creditors (or had knowledge of circumstances that imperatively suggest such detrimental effect);
· any transaction by the debtor that is directly detrimental to the insolvency creditors or by which the debtor loses a right or the ability to enforce a right or by which a proprietary claim against a debtor is obtained or becomes enforceable, provided it was entered into (i) during the three months prior to the filing of the petition of the opening of insolvency proceedings and the debtor was illiquid at the time of such transaction and the counterparty to such transaction knew of the illiquidity at such time, or (ii) after the filing of the petition for the opining of insolvency proceedings and the counterparty to such transaction knew of either the debtor's illiquidity or such filing at the time of the transaction;
· any act by the debtor without (adequate) consideration (for example, whereby a debtor grants security for a third party debt, which might be regarded as having been granted gratuitously (unentgeltlich)), if it was effected in the four years prior to the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings;
· any act performed by the debtor during the ten years prior to the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings or at any time after the filing with the intent to prejudice the insolvency creditors and the other party knew of such intention at the time of such act;
· any act that provides security or satisfaction for a shareholder loan (Gesellschafterdarlehen) made to the debtor or an equivalent claim if (i) in the case of the provision of security, the act took place during the ten years prior to the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings or after the filing of such petition; or (ii) in the case of satisfaction, the act took place during the last year prior to the filing of the petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings or after the filing of such petition; and
· any act whereby the debtor grants satisfaction for a loan claim or an economically equivalent claim to a third party if (i) the transaction was effected in the last year prior to the filing of a petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings or thereafter, and (ii) a shareholder of the debtor had granted security or was liable as a guarantor or surety (Garant or Bu¨rge) (in which case the shareholder has to compensate the debtor for the amounts paid (subject to further conditions)).
In this context, ``knowledge'' is generally deemed to exist if the other party is aware of the facts from which the conclusion must be drawn that the debtor (for example, the relevant German Guarantor) was unable to pay its debts generally as they fell due, that a petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings had been filed, or that the act was detrimental to, or intended to prejudice, the insolvency creditors, as the case may be. A person is deemed to have knowledge of the debtor's intention to prejudice the insolvency creditors if it knew of the debtor's imminent illiquidity and that the transaction prejudiced the debtor's creditors. With respect to a ``related party,'' there is a general statutory presumption that such party had ``knowledge.'' The term ``related party'' includes, subject to certain limitations, in the case of debtors that are corporations, members of the management or supervisory board, shareholders owning more than 25% of the debtor's share capital, persons or companies holding comparable positions that give them access to information about the economic situation of the debtor, and persons that are spouses, relatives or members of the household of any of the foregoing persons.
Furthermore, even in the absence of an insolvency proceeding, a third party creditor who has obtained an enforcement order but has failed to obtain satisfaction of its enforceable claims by a levy of execution, under certain circumstances, has the right to void certain transactions, such as the payment of debt and the granting of security pursuant to the German Code on Avoidance (Anfechtungsgesetz). The conditions for avoidance under the German Code on Avoidance differ to a certain extent from the above described rules under the German Insolvency Code and the avoidance periods are calculated from the date when a creditor exercises its rights of avoidance in the courts.
In addition, under German law, a creditor who provided additional, or extended existing funding to a debtor or obtained security from a debtor may be liable in tort if such creditor was aware of the debtor's (impending) insolvency or of circumstances indicating such debtor's (impending) insolvency at the time such funding was provided or extended or such security was granted. The German Federal Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof) held that this could be the case if, for example, the creditor was to act with the
389

intention of detrimentally influencing the position of the other creditors of the debtor in violation of the legal principle of bonos mores (Sittenwidrigkeit). Such intention could be present if the beneficiary of the transaction was aware of any circumstances indicating that the debtor as the grantor of the guarantee or security was close to collapse (Zusammenbruch), or had reason to enquire further with respect thereto.
Parallel Debt
Under German law, certain ``accessory'' security interests such as pledges (Pfandrechte) can be validly granted only to the creditor of the secured claim as pledgee and cannot be held by an agent or trustee on behalf of third parties who hold the secured claim. The holders of the Notes will not be party to the security documents relating to the Collateral. In order to permit the holders of the Notes to benefit from security under ``accessory'' Collateral, the Intercreditor Agreement will provide for the creation of a ``parallel debt.'' Pursuant to the parallel debt provisions, the Security Agent becomes the holder of a claim equal to each amount payable by an obligor under, in particular, the Notes and the Guarantees. The pledges governed by German law will directly secure the parallel debt only, and not the rights and claims of the holders of the Notes. The validity of parallel debt provisions has been cast into doubt by some legal commentators and has not been tested in court under German law. Therefore, there is no certainty that the parallel debt provisions will eliminate or mitigate the risk of invalidity or unenforceability. of German law accessory Collateral in favour of the holders of the Notes.
The Netherlands
Insolvency Proceedings
Certain of the Guarantors are incorporated under Dutch law (the ``Dutch Guarantors''). Accordingly, where debtors have their ``center of main interests'' or an ``establishment in the Netherlands'' they may be subject to Dutch insolvency proceedings governed by Dutch insolvency laws, subject to certain exceptions as provided for in the EU Insolvency Regulation. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and Security Interests--European Union.''
The Dutch insolvency laws may not be as favorable to your interests as creditors as the insolvency laws of other jurisdictions. The following is a brief description of certain aspects of the Dutch insolvency laws.
Any insolvency proceedings applicable to the Dutch Guarantors may be governed by Dutch insolvency laws. There are two insolvency regimes under Dutch law. The first, suspension of payments (surseance van betaling), is intended to facilitate the reorganization of a debtor's debts and enable the debtor to continue as a going concern. The second, bankruptcy (faillissement), is primarily designed to liquidate the assets of a debtor and distribute the proceeds thereof to its creditors. In practice, a suspension of payments nearly always results in the bankruptcy of the debtor. Both insolvency regimes are set forth in the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet).
Only the board of directors of the debtor can make an application for a suspension of payments, and only if it foresees that it will be unable to continue to pay its debts as they fall due. Once the application has been filed, a court will immediately (dadelijk) grant a provisional suspension of payments and appoint one or more administrators (bewindvoerders). A meeting of creditors is required to decide on the definitive suspension of payments, but it will generally be granted, unless a qualified minority (i.e., more than one-quarter of the amount of claims held by creditors represented at the creditors' meeting or more than one-third of the number of creditors of the amount of claims held by creditors) of the unsecured, non-preferential, creditors declare against it or if there is a valid fear that the debtor will try to prejudice the creditors during a suspension of payments or if there is no prospect that the debtor will be able to satisfy its creditors in the (near) future. That the debtor must be able to satisfy its creditors does not mean that they must be paid in full. It suffices that creditors can be satisfied to some extent (for example, by receiving a percentage of their claims within the framework of a composition). Other than in the case of the ordering by a competent court of a statutory stay of execution of up to two months (extendable by another period of up to two months) imposed by court order pursuant to Article 241a of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet), a suspension of payments will only affect unsecured, non-preferential creditors. During such stay of execution, a secured creditor may not, without the court's consent (i) claim the asset subject to the security right if it is under the control of (in de macht van) the debtor subject to suspension of payments or (ii) seek recourse against the asset.
Under Dutch law, a debtor can be declared bankrupt when it has ceased to pay its debts. Bankruptcy can be requested by a creditor of a claim when there is at least one other creditor. At least one of the
390

claims (of the creditor requesting bankruptcy or the other creditor) needs to be due and payable. The debtor can also request the application of bankruptcy proceedings itself. Furthermore, the Public Prosecution Service (het Openbaar Ministerie) can request the application of bankruptcy proceedings for reasons of public interest (openbaar belang). In Dutch bankruptcy proceedings, a debtor's assets are generally liquidated and the proceeds distributed to the debtor's creditors according to the relative priority of those creditors' claims and, to the extent certain creditors' claims have equal priority, in proportion to the amount of such claims. Certain parties, such as secured creditors, will benefit from special rights. Secured creditors, such as pledgees and mortgagees, may enforce their rights separately from bankruptcy and do not have to contribute to the liquidation costs; however, enforcement of the security interest might be subject to the following: (i) a statutory stay of execution of up to two months (extendable by another period of up to two months) imposed by court order pursuant to Article 63a of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act which has the same effects as set forth above for stays of execution in suspension of payment; (ii) a receiver (curator) can force a secured party to foreclose its security interest within a reasonable time (as determined by the receiver pursuant to Article 58(1) of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act), failing which the receiver will be entitled to sell the relevant rights or assets and distribute the proceeds to the secured party after a deduction of liquidation costs; and (c) excess proceeds of enforcement must be returned to the company's receiver and may not be offset against an unsecured claim of the company's secured creditor.
Both a suspension of payments and bankruptcy have retroactive effect from 00.00h. of the day on which the suspension of payments or the bankruptcy of the relevant Dutch company is declared.
Unlike chapter 11 proceedings under U.S. bankruptcy law, where both secured and unsecured creditors are generally barred from seeking to recover on their claims, suspension of payment and bankruptcy proceedings against Dutch debtors would allow secured creditors and preferential creditors (including tax and social security authorities) to satisfy their claims by proceeding against the assets (that secure their claims) as if there were no bankruptcy or suspension of payments. However, a statutory stay of execution as described above may be ordered by the competent court both in a suspension of payments and bankruptcy. Furthermore, certain preferred creditors have a preference by virtue of law. Unlike secured creditors, preferred creditors are not entitled to foreclose on assets of the bankrupt. They do have priority in the distribution of the proceeds of the bankrupt's assets. Restrictions on the enforcement of security interests may apply. For instance, higher-ranking rights must be respected. These may include secured creditors and tax and social security authorities. A statutory stay of execution of security rights and other rights, as described above may be imposed. Such set-off may be allowed prior to the bankruptcy, although at that time it may be subject to clawback in the case of fraudulent conveyance or bad faith in obtaining the claim used for the set-off.
Any pending executions of judgments against the debtor will be suspended by operation of law when a suspension of payments is granted and terminate by operation of law when bankruptcy is declared. In addition, all attachments on the debtor's assets will cease to have effect upon the suspension of payments having become definitive, a composition having been ratified by the court or the declaration of bankruptcy (as the case may be) subject to the ability of the court to set an earlier date for such termination. Litigation pending on the date of the bankruptcy order is automatically stayed.
Both in a definitive suspension of payments and bankruptcy, a composition (akkoord) may be offered to creditors. A composition will be binding for all unsecured and non-preferential creditors if it is: (i) approved by a simple majority (gewone meerderheid) of the number of creditors represented at the creditors' meeting, representing at least 50% of the amount of the claims that are acknowledged and conditionally admitted; and (ii) subsequently ratified (gehomologeerd) by the court. Consequently, Dutch insolvency law could preclude or inhibit the ability of the holders of the Notes to effect a restructuring and could reduce the recovery of a holder of Notes in a Dutch suspension of payments proceeding or bankruptcy.
The claim of a creditor, other than a claim to the extent that it is secured by Dutch law security, may be limited depending on the date the claim becomes due and payable in accordance with its terms. Claims which fall due more than one year after the date of the bankruptcy, will be valued for distribution purposes as of the date the bankruptcy was declared. Claims that become payable within one year after the bankruptcy was declared will be considered payable from the day the bankruptcy was declared.
391

All unsecured, pre-bankruptcy claims will have to be verified in the insolvency proceedings in order to be entitled to vote and, in a bankruptcy liquidation, entitled to distributions. ``Verification'' under Dutch law means, in the case of a suspension of payments, that the treatment of a disputed claim for voting purposes is determined and, in the case of a bankruptcy, the unsecured, pre-bankruptcy claims are submitted to a receiver for verification, and the receiver then makes a determination as to the claim's existence, ranking and value and whether and to what extent it should be admitted in the bankruptcy proceedings (for voting). In the situation of bankruptcy, creditors who wish to dispute the receiver's verification of their claims will be referred to a claim validation proceeding (renvooiprocedure) in order to establish the amount and rank of the disputed claim, while in a suspension of payments the court will decide how a disputed claim will be treated for voting purposes. These procedures could cause holders of Notes to recover less than the principal amount of their Notes or less than they could recover in a U.S. liquidation proceeding. The renvooi proceedings could also cause payments to the holders of Notes to be delayed. Interest on claims accruing after the bankruptcy order date cannot be admitted unless secured by a pledge or mortgage, in which case interest will be admitted pro memoria, such as in case of the Notes. To the extent that interest is not covered by the proceeds of the security, the creditor may not derive any rights from the admission. No interest is payable in respect of unsecured claims as of the date of a bankruptcy.
Enforcement of Security
The application of Dutch law in respect of a Dutch law security interest in the Collateral will not prevent effect being given to the overriding provisions of the law of a jurisdiction with which the situation has a close connection (and for this purpose ``overriding provisions'' are provisions the respect for which are regarded as crucial by a jurisdiction for safeguarding its public interests to such an extent that they are applicable to any situation falling within their scope, irrespective of the law otherwise applicable to an agreement and include any rules (whether mandatory or not) which must be applied pursuant to the EU Insolvency Regulation) and will not prevent regard having to be had to the law of the jurisdiction in which performance takes place in relation to the manner of performance and the steps to be taken in the event of defective performance. In addition, enforcement of each Dutch law security interest in the Collateral (including allocation of the proceeds) is subject to Dutch law. Among other things, under Dutch law shares may only be transferred upon enforcement in accordance with Dutch law and the articles of association of the company in which shares are pledged at the time of enforcement. Rights of third parties acquiring a share or a limited right on a share and acting in good faith (te goeder trouw) may also affect the binding effect and enforceability of a Dutch law security interest in the Collateral.
In proceedings before a Dutch court, security interests are in principle enforced through a public auction of the relevant assets in accordance with Dutch law. The Security Agent or the relevant security interest provider may request the competent court to approve a private sale of the secured assets, except when otherwise agreed. In the case of secured assets, the Security Agent and the security interest provider may agree to an alternative foreclosure procedure once the security right has become enforceable. The security interest providers have agreed to waive the right to request for such alternative foreclosure procedure. The Security Agent may also request the competent court to determine that the secured assets shall accrue to it for a price determined by the court. In the case of a pledge, the right of the relevant security interest provider to request approval of a private sale may be excluded.
General Defenses and Corporate Benefit
In general, receipt of any payment under a Dutch law governed guarantee or security interest may be affected by (a) the standards of reasonableness and fairness (maatstaven van redelijkheid en billijkheid), (b) force majeure (niet-toerekenbare tekortkoming) and unforeseen circumstances (onvoorziene omstandigheden), and (c) the other general defenses available to debtors under Dutch law in respect of the validity, binding effect and enforceability of such guarantee or security interest. Other general defenses include claims that a guarantee or security interest should be avoided because it was entered into through undue influence (misbruik van omstandigheden), fraud (bedrog), duress (bedreiging) or error (dwaling). Other impeding factors include rights of suspension (opschorting), dissolution of contract (ontbinding) and set-off (verrekening). The enforceability of the obligations of the Dutch Guarantors may also be limited under the 1977 Sanction Act (Sanctiewet 1977) or otherwise by international sanctions and in proceedings in a Dutch court for the enforcement of a Dutch law security interest, the court may mitigate amounts due in respect of litigation, enforcement and collection costs.
392

Furthermore, if a Dutch Guarantor enters into a transaction (such as the granting of a guarantee or security interest), the validity and enforceability of the relevant transaction may be contested by the Dutch company or its administrator (bewindvoerder) in suspension of payments or its receiver (curator) in bankruptcy, if (i) that transaction is not in the company's corporate interest (vennootschappelijk belang) and (ii) the other party to the transaction knew or should have known this without independent investigation. In determining whether the granting of a guarantee or the giving of security is in the interest of the relevant company, a Dutch court would not only consider the text of the objects clause in the articles of association of the company but also all relevant circumstances, including whether the company derives certain commercial benefits from the transaction in respect of which the guarantee or security interest was granted and any indirect benefit derived by the relevant Dutch company as a consequence of the interdependence of it with the group of companies to which it belongs and whether or not the subsistence of the relevant Dutch company is jeopardized by conducting such transaction. The mere fact that a certain legal act (rechtshandeling) is explicitly mentioned in the objects clause in the articles of association of the company, may not be conclusive evidence to state that such legal act is in the corporate interest.
As of 1 October 2012, the prohibition on financial assistance for a Dutch private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) was removed from Dutch law. In connection with such removal the legislator noted that the granting of security with a view to the acquisition (or the refinancing thereof) by any party of shares in the company's share capital or the shares of its (direct or indirect) parent company could, depending on the further circumstances, constitute ultra vires. At present, there is no Dutch case law on this subject.
Fraudulent Conveyance
Dutch law contains specific provisions dealing with fraudulent conveyance both in and outside of bankruptcy, the so-called actio pauliana provisions. Under Dutch law, any creditor of a Dutch Guarantor or its receiver (curator) may nullify any transaction or legal act entered into by a Dutch Guarantor in connection with the Notes, under certain circumstances, if (i) the transaction or legal act entered into by a Dutch Guarantor in connection with the Notes was conducted without prior existing legal obligation to do so (onverplicht); (ii) the creditor(s) concerned or, in the case of its/their bankruptcy, any creditor was prejudiced as a consequence of such transactions or legal act (irrespective of whether a creditor's claim arose prior to or after such transactions); and (iii) at the time of the transaction or legal act entered into by a Dutch Guarantor in connection with the Notes was conducted (including the granting of the Guarantee or any security), the relevant Dutch Guarantor and, unless the transactions were conducted for no consideration (om niet), the counterparty knew or should have known that one or more of the entities' creditors (existing or future) would be prejudiced (actio pauliana).
A receiver (curator) may nullify a transaction on behalf of and for the benefit of the joint insolvent debtor's creditors, and the burden of proof of the above-mentioned elements of fraudulent conveyance in principle rests on the receiver. Knowledge of prejudice is, however, presumed by law for certain transactions performed within a ``suspect period'' of one year prior to an adjudication of bankruptcy. This is applicable for certain transactions only, the most important application being in cases where the obligations of the bankrupt materially exceed those of the other party, the satisfaction of existing obligations of the bankrupt which are not yet due, and acts between the bankrupt and its counterparty when the shares in both are held (indirectly) by the same shareholder or if the bankrupt and its counterparty are part of the same group of companies. The foregoing requirements for invoking fraudulent transfer provisions outside of a bankruptcy apply mutatis mutandis when invoking fraudulent transfer provisions during a bankruptcy. In addition, the receiver may challenge a transaction if it was conducted on the basis of a prior existing legal obligation to do so (verplichte rechtshandeling), if (i) the transaction was conducted at a time when the counterparty knew that a request for bankruptcy had been filed or (ii) if such transaction was conducted as a result of deliberation between the debtor and the counterparty in order to give preference to the counterparty over the debtor's other creditors. Consequently, the validity of any such transactions conducted by a Dutch legal entity may be challenged and it is possible that such a challenge would be successful.
Parallel Debt
As it is uncertain under Dutch law as to whether security interests can be granted to a party other than the creditor of the claim which is purported to be secured by such security interests, financing structures in which Dutch debtors are involved frequently provide for the creation of a so-called parallel debt
393

obligation. By doing so it is argued that Dutch law security interests can be granted to a security agent as security for the parallel debt which is a separate and independent claim equal to the total amount payable by the relevant Dutch debtors under the relevant transaction documentation. Such parallel debt will be at all times in the same amount and payable at the same time as the obligations of the guarantors. Any payment in respect of the obligations of the Dutch debtors shall discharge the corresponding parallel debt and any payment in respect of the parallel debt shall discharge the corresponding obligations of the guarantors. The security interests are granted to the Security Agent, on behalf of the holders of the Notes offered hereby, in its own capacity as creditor acting in its own name, pursuant to the Parallel Debt and not as a representative (vertegenwoordiger) of the holders of the Notes. The Security Documents governed by Dutch law will directly secure the Parallel Debt, and may not directly secure the obligations under the Notes and the other indebtedness secured by the Collateral. The holders of the Notes from time to time will not be parties to the Security Documents and those holders of the Notes will not be entitled to take enforcement actions in respect of such security interests except through the Security Agent (even if they are in some instances direct beneficiaries of the security interests in the Collateral). As a result, the holders of the Notes bear some risks associated with a possible insolvency or bankruptcy of the Security Agent. In addition, it is noted that there is no statutory law or case law available on the validity or enforceability of the parallel debt construct or the security provided for such parallel debt. However, the Issuer has been advised that there are no reasons why the Parallel Debt will not create a claim of the pledgee (the Security Agent) thereunder which can be validly secured by security rights. To the extent that the security interests in the Collateral created to secure the Parallel Debt are successfully challenged by other parties, holders of the Notes will not (directly) receive any proceeds from an enforcement of the security interests in the Collateral.
Norway
Limitations on guarantees and security provided by Guarantor incorporated in Norway
Section 8-10 of the Norwegian Private Limited Companies Act of 1997 No. 44/Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act of 1997 No. 45 (Aksjeloven and Allmennaksjeloven) (respectively and together, the ``Acts'', and each an ``Act''), restricts a Norwegian private or public limited liability company from providing financial assistance (including to put assets at disposal, grant loans or provide security or guarantees) in connection with the acquisition of its shares or the shares in the parent company (and any intermediate parent company). Such financial assistance may only be provided within the limits of the company's distributable reserves and subject to the assistance being provided on ordinary commercial terms and the claim for repayment or restitution being adequately secured. Financial assistance may only be provided in connection with the acquisition of shares in the company which are fully paid. Before such financial assistance is granted certain procedural rules must be complied with. The board of directors shall ensure that the beneficial parties are subject to a credit assessment and the board will have to prepare a statement which, inter alia, describes the background for and terms and consequences of the financial assistance. Such statement will have to be presented to the general meeting of the company, who in turn must approve the financial assistance. The restrictions on financial assistance applies irrespective of whether the company in which shares are acquired is a Norwegian or foreign company, and there are no general exemptions available except for special cases of real estate financing and employee share purchase programs. The restriction applies not only to granting of loans, guarantees and securities, but also to making assets available and other transfers which are not lawful distributions in accordance with the Acts. The assistance is restricted if made ``in connection with'' the acquisition of the shares, which may also cover financial assistance after completion of the acquisition, for instance by way of a refinancing of acquisition debt or a subsequent merger of a target company and the acquiring entity.
In addition to the restrictions with regard to unlawful financial assistance outlined above, Section 8-7 of the Acts restricts a Norwegian limited liability company from granting credit to, guaranteeing or providing security for the obligations of, its shareholders or a party related to the shareholder beyond its distributable reserves (free equity) and then further provided that satisfactory security for repayment/ recovery has been established. This restriction does not, however, apply to any granting of credit to or security/guarantee for the obligations of a parent company or another company within the same ``group''. This exemption must be read in conjunction with the group definition in Section 1-3 of the Acts which, broadly speaking, includes Norwegian limited liability companies. Furthermore, there is an exemption for the granting of credit to or security/guarantee for the obligations of any other legal entity (or the subsidiary of such other legal entity) which has such a decisive influence over the company as
394

mentioned in Section 1-3 of the Acts provided that the credit, security or guarantee is established in order to benefit the financial interests of the group of companies. Section 1-3 defines decisive influence as holding at least such number of shares in the company which represents a majority of the votes in the company or has the right to elect or discharge a majority of the members of the board of directors of such company. In practice, this exception will therefore be applicable to a Norwegian wholly owned subsidiary of a foreign company, provided that the guarantee is established in order to benefit the financial interests of the group of companies.
As a consequence of these restrictions, the value of the Guarantees and any security provided by a Norwegian guarantor may be reduced to zero to the extent it secured obligations relating to the acquisition of shares in itself or its parent company. In addition, the Guarantees or security interest infringing the limitations set forth in Section 8-10 and 8-7 of the Acts will be void, and any funds paid out will have to be repaid. Finally, an illegal arrangement of this kind may give rise to directors' liability issues. As a general rule under Norwegian law, the board of directors of a Norwegian private or public limited liability company have a fiduciary duty to act in the interest of the company. Thus, the board of directors of a company is only permitted to resolve to guarantee the obligations of another group company to the extent this is in the interest of the company. This means that the board of directors in each case must carefully evaluate whether the benefits to it from guaranteeing the obligations of such other company equals or outweighs the obligations of the same.
The Guarantees and the security interests provided by Norwegian companies are subject to limitation language substantially in the form as follows:
``The obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor incorporated in Norway in its capacity as a Guarantor (each a ``Norwegian Guarantor'') shall not cover any indebtedness or liability which, if they did so extend, would cause an infringement of section 8-10 and/or section 8-7 cf. section 1-3, or any of the other provisions in chapter 8 III, of the Norwegian Private Limited Companies Act 1997 (the ``Norwegian Companies Act'') regulating unlawful financial assistance and other prohibited loans, guarantees and joint and several liability as well as providing of security, and it is understood and agreed that the liability of any Norwegian Guarantor only applies to the extent permitted by the above-mentioned provisions of the Norwegian Companies Act. Under no circumstances shall the obligations and liabilities of any Norwegian Guarantor cover the debt and/or other liabilities incurred in respect of the purchase of the shares in such Norwegian Guarantor or the shares in any of such Norwegian Guarantor's Holding Companies.''
The limitations set forth in section 8-10 and/or section 8-7 cf. section 1-3 of the Acts will apply mutatis mutandis to any security created by a Norwegian Guarantor under the Collateral and to any guarantee, indemnity, any similar obligation resulting in a payment obligation and payment, including, but not limited to, set-off, pursuant to the Collateral and made by any Norwegian Guarantor. Such limitations on the liabilities and obligations of any Norwegian Guarantor may have the effect of reducing the amount of obligations or liabilities assumed and/or the amount guaranteed or secured to zero, to the extent to which any proceeds under the Senior Secured Notes are used in connection with the acquisition of shares in the Norwegian Guarantor or its parent).
Insolvency
Norwegian insolvency legislation is regulated by the Norwegian Bankruptcy Act of June 8, 1984 No. 58 (Konkursloven) (the ``Bankruptcy Act''), which sets forth the various procedures to be followed both in the case of court-administered debt negotiations and bankruptcy proceedings, and the Creditors Recovery Act of June 8, 1984 No. 59 (Dekningsloven) (the ``Recovery Act'') containing provisions on, among other things, the priority of claims.
The key features of the Norwegian bankruptcy proceedings are (i) the seizure and subsequent disposal of the debtor's assets, (ii) the assessment and ranking of claims, (iii) the testing and revocation of transactions (including the securing of existing claims) made prior to bankruptcy, (iv) the handling of the debtor's contractual relationships and (v) the distribution of funds (if any) in accordance with the priority rules. If the business operations of the bankrupt company are continued, they are in practice continued at the risk of, and only to the extent guaranteed by, the creditors.
Bankruptcy proceedings may be opened provided that the debtor is insolvent. Both the debtor (by the representation of the Board of Directors) and the creditors (holding or pretending to hold a claim) can petition for bankruptcy.
395

There are two requirements for a debtor to be deemed to be insolvent. The debtor must (i) be unable to service its debt as it becomes due, such payment difficulties not being of a temporary nature, (the ``cash flow test''), and (ii) the debtor must be in ``deficit'' (the company's debts must exceed the sum of its assets and revenue, based on real, not book, values) (the ``balance sheet test'').
During bankruptcy proceedings the debtor's assets are controlled by the court-appointed liquidator (usually a lawyer), on behalf of the bankruptcy estate. The main task of the liquidator is to turn all the debtor's assets into cash in the manner assumed to be most profitable for the estate (the creditors), and then distribute the available cash to the rightful creditors.
All of the debtor's assets will in practice be seized by the bankruptcy estate, and the debtor may not dispose of the seized assets in any way while the bankruptcy proceedings are ongoing. The bankruptcy estate may also seize assets held by third-parties, if these assets are acquired from the debtor in an unlawful manner, or if the acquisition lacks legal protection, or if the transaction can be reversed according to the Recovery Act. The bankruptcy estate is a separate legal entity, which is authorized to exercise all ownership interests and rights with respect to the seized assets, including, but not limited to, the realization of assets.
Secured creditors are, in principle, not deemed to be part of the bankruptcy proceedings to the extent the value of the security is sufficient to cover the underlying obligations of the debtor. The secured creditors may, in principle, realize the security, and cover their claims; however, keeping in mind that the realization of a number of categories of security during the first six months after the opening of a bankruptcy will be subject to the approval of the bankruptcy estate (the same principles apply to official debt negotiations). The bankruptcy estate has the right, subject to certain conditions being fulfilled, to realize the security with a wiping out effect on unmet liens and divide the proceeds between the secured creditors and other holding legal rights in the assets.
Furthermore, the bankruptcy estate has a statutory first lien of up to 5% of the estimated value or sales value of all assets secured by the debtor for its own debt or by a third-party for the debtor's indebtedness. Such statutory lien is not applicable to financial security (cash deposits and financial instruments) established pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Collateral Act No. 17/2004 (the ``Financial Collateral Act'') or the Norwegian Liens Act No. 2/1980 section 6-4 (9).
Any under-secured amount (any amount exceeding the value of the assets securing the relevant creditor's claim) will be deemed an ordinary (unsecured) trade claim.
In a Norwegian bankruptcy, the creditors will be paid according to the following priority:
· secured claims (valid and perfected security covered up to the value of the secured asset--either after the realization by the secured creditor itself or after realization undertaken by the bankruptcy estate);
· super-priority claims (claims that arise during the bankruptcy proceedings, liquidator's costs and obligations of the estate);
· salary claims (within certain limitations);
· tax claims (such as withholding tax and value-added tax within certain limitations);
· ordinary unsecured claims (all other claims unless subordinated, including unsecured debt, trade creditors and indemnity claims); and
· subordinated claims (including interest incurred after the opening of bankruptcy proceedings, claims subordinated by agreement, liquidated damages and penalty claims).
Pursuant to the Recovery Act, the bankruptcy estate may be entitled to set aside or reverse transactions carried out in the three- to twelve month period (and, in respect of transactions in favour of related parties, up to two years) before the opening of the bankruptcy proceedings, such as extraordinary payments of certain creditors, security established for existing debt and transactions at an undervalue. The bankruptcy estate may also, under certain circumstances, be entitled to set aside or reverse transactions made in bad faith or negligently which in an improper manner increase the debtor's debt, favour one or more creditors at the expense of others or deprive the debtor of assets which may otherwise have served to cover the creditors' claims, in which case the time limit for challenges by the estate is increased to ten years.
396

Solvent Enforcement
Enforcement of security normally requires that the pledgee or chargee files an application to the enforcement authorities for the enforcement of the security. Certain types of security may, however, be enforced without the involvement of the enforcement authority or a court, typically security established pursuant to the Financial Collateral Act and charges over monetary claims. A provision granting the secured party such right of enforcement is typically included in any security agreement between the pledgor/chargor and the secured party.
Enforcement of a guarantee claim against a solvent guarantor will in principal require a final, legally binding judgment by a court (unless the guarantee is made as an enforceable promissory note). Thereafter the creditor may apply to the enforcement authorities for enforcement of his or her claim against the assets of the guarantor.
Creation and Enforcement of Security
Norwegian law provides for effectively creating security over a range of closely defined asset types (a floating charge may be established over certain asset types of a Norwegian company).
As a main rule, a secured creditor does not have a general step-in right to security assets in an enforcement situation and agreements on enforcement cannot validly be entered into prior to the occurrence of an event of default. Instead, enforcement must be sought through the Norwegian courts and/or the Norwegian enforcement authorities. However, this is different for shares in a Norwegian limited company. If the secured party is a financial institution, the shares are considered financial collateral, and the parties are free (within reasonable limits) to agree on the enforcement process in the share pledge agreement.
Also, for specific security assets, and under certain circumstances, a creditor may take possession or directly enforce its rights upon enforcement. This is the case for security established over receivables (such as trade receivables or bank account claims) whereby the secured party may instruct the relevant debtor to pay the outstanding amounts directly to the secured party instead of the chargor.
The concept of a security trustee, as it is understood under common law, does not exist under Norwegian law. In practice, in an arrangement with a security agent acting on behalf of the secured parties, as these exist from time to time, it is generally recognized under Norwegian law that the security agent will be able to enforce the security on behalf of the secured parties and apply any proceeds to the secured parties. In order to commence any legal action regarding a claim (for enforcement purposes or otherwise) against the debtor the security agent may, however, be required to disclose to the court the identity of the creditors and have the creditors join in or participate as claimants in the proceedings. It has been established by the Norwegian Supreme Court that a bond trustee for an undisclosed number of bondholders can, based on the provisions in the bond agreement, take legal action against the issuer on behalf of and in lieu of the bondholders and without having to disclose the entity of the bondholders.
Sweden
Applicable Insolvency Law
A Swedish party will in principle be subject to insolvency proceedings covered by the EU Insolvency Regulation if it has its ``center of main interest'' in Sweden. Several of the Guarantors are incorporated under the laws of Sweden and as such any insolvency proceedings applicable to each such Guarantor including any and all of its assets (in Sweden and abroad) will, as a starting point and by virtue of Article 4 of the EU Insolvency Regulation, be governed by Swedish insolvency law (lex fori concursus).
Insolvency proceedings under Swedish law
Under Swedish law, a debtor company may be subject to one of two types of insolvency proceedings: bankruptcy pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. Konkurslag (1987:672)), as amended (the ``Swedish Bankruptcy Act''), and reorganization pursuant to the Swedish Company Reorganization Act (Sw. Lag (1996:764) om fo¨retagsrekonstruktion), as amended (the ``Swedish Reorganization Act'').
397

Bankruptcy pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act
General
Pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act, if a company is unable to pay its debts when they fall due and such inability is not merely temporary, it is deemed insolvent and can be declared bankrupt following a bankruptcy petition filed with the court by the debtor or by a creditor of the debtor (who does not have satisfactory security for its claim).
In the event of bankruptcy the court will appoint a receiver in bankruptcy (Sw. konkursfo¨rvaltare) who will work in the interest of all creditors with the objective of selling the debtor's assets and distributing the proceeds among the creditors.
The purpose of bankruptcy proceedings is to wind up the company in such a way that the company's creditors receive as high a proportion of their claims as possible. The receiver in bankruptcy is required to safeguard the assets and can decide to continue the business for a certain period or to close it down, depending on what is best for all creditors. In general, the receiver in bankruptcy is required to sell the assets of the debtor as soon as possible and to distribute the proceeds in accordance with the mandatory priority rules. In the interim, the receiver will take over the management and control of the company. The company's directors and/or managing director will no longer be entitled to represent the company or dispose of the company's assets.
Enforcement of security in a bankruptcy is further described under the section titled ``Enforcement of Security in Bankruptcy'' below.
Effect of Bankruptcy on the Bankruptcy Debtor's Contracts
The declaration of bankruptcy does not automatically terminate existing contracts; instead, the receiver may, in relation to certain contracts, in its discretion choose to have the bankruptcy estate itself become party to any such existing contracts. A clause in such a contract which provides that the contract is terminated by reason of a bankruptcy petition or similar proceeding is likely to be deemed unenforceable. If the estate enters into such a contract and performance by the creditor is due, the creditor may generally demand that the estate perform its obligations as well or, if a grace period has been granted, request that the estate, without unreasonable delay, provides acceptable security for its performance. If performance by the creditor is not due, the creditor may request security where this is necessary in order to protect the creditor against loss. If the estate does not enter into the contract within a reasonable time after the creditor's demand or if it does not comply with the creditor's request to provide security, the creditor may terminate the contract.
Order of Priorities
When distributing the proceeds, the receiver must follow the mandatory provisions of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. Fo¨rma°nsra¨ttslag (1970:979)), as amended (the ``Swedish Rights of Priority Act''), which states the order in which creditors have a right to be paid. As a general principle, in bankruptcy proceedings competing claims have equal right to payment in relation to the size of the amount claimed from the debtor's assets. However, preferential or secured creditors have the benefit of payment before other creditors. Moreover, the priority of a claim could also be affected if it is subordinated, for instance, if the creditor has entered into an agreement stipulating such subordination.
There are two types of preferential rights: specific and general preferential rights. Specific preferential rights apply to certain specific property and give the creditor a right to payment from such property. General preferential rights cover all property belonging to the insolvent company's estate in bankruptcy, which is not covered by specific preferential rights, and give the creditor a right to payment derived from such property. Claims that do not carry any of the above mentioned preferential rights or exceed the value of the security provided for such claim (to the extent of such excess), are non-preferential and are of equal standing as against each other.
Reorganization of a company pursuant to the Swedish Reorganization Act
General
The Swedish Reorganization Act provides companies facing difficulty in meeting their payment obligations with an opportunity to resolve these obligations without being declared bankrupt. The debtor or a creditor of a debtor may petition for company reorganization. If a creditor petitions for company
398

reorganization the debtor's consent to the reorganization is required. Prerequisites for an approval of a petition for company reorganization is that it can be assumed that the debtor is unable to pay its due debts or such inability will occur shortly and there is a possibility that the reorganization will be successful in resolving the company's financial difficulties. Corporate reorganization proceedings shall, as a main rule, terminate within three months from commencement but may under certain conditions be extended for up to one year.
Administrator
An administrator (Sw. rekonstrukto¨r) is appointed by the court and supervises the day-to-day activities of the debtor in order to accomplish the reorganization and safeguards the interests of creditors as well as the debtor. However, the debtor remains in full possession of the business except that, for important decisions such as (i) paying a debt or granting security for a debt that arose prior to the order of reorganization, (ii) assuming new obligations or (iii) transferring, pledging or granting rights in respect of assets of significant importance to the business, the consent of the administrator is required. However, the absence of such consent does not affect the validity of the transaction.
Reorganization Plan, Creditors' Meeting and Creditors' Committee
Upon opening of corporate reorganization proceedings, the administrator must notify the creditors of the reorganization proceedings and will draw up a reorganization plan specifying the proposed action to be taken to resolve the debtor's financial difficulties. A creditors' meeting will be held at which the creditors will be given the opportunity to express their opinions as to whether the reorganization should continue. Upon the request of any of the creditors, the court shall appoint a creditors' committee. The administrator shall, if possible, consult with the creditors' committee prior to taking any important decisions.
Moratorium
The corporate reorganization proceedings do not have the effect of terminating existing contracts with the debtor. Furthermore, the opening of corporate reorganization proceedings entails limitations on the contracting party's right to terminate a contract, e.g., due to the debtor's delay in payment. Such limitations are similar to what is stated above in respect of a bankruptcy estate's right to enter into existing contracts. However, the limitations are not applicable where a creditor has security over, inter alia, financial instruments or receivables originating from a loan granted by a credit institution. During the reorganization procedure, the debtor's business activities continue in the ordinary course of business. However, the procedure includes a suspension of payments to creditors and any petition for bankruptcy in respect of the debtor will subject to certain exceptions be stayed. Moreover, the debtor may not pay a debt that fell due prior to the reorganization order without the consent of the administrator. Such consent may only be granted should there be exceptional reasons for doing so. A moratorium also applies to execution in respect of a claim or enforcement of security during corporate reorganization proceedings unless the security assets are in the physical possession of the secured creditor or any agent acting on behalf of such creditor, which is the case with a Swedish law share pledge over the shares in a Swedish limited liability company where the share certificates of such company have been physically delivered to the secured creditor or the agent, and with a Swedish law pledge over a loan governed by a negotiable debt instrument (Sw. lo¨pande skuldebrev).
Public Composition Proceedings
A debtor may apply to the court requesting public composition proceedings (Sw. offentligt ackord), which means that the amount of a creditor's claim may be reduced. The proposal for a public composition must meet certain requirements, such as that a sufficient proportion of the creditors which are allowed to vote, in respect of a sufficient proportion of the outstanding claims vote in favour of such public composition. Creditors with set-off rights and secured creditors will not participate in the composition unless they wholly or partly waive their set-off rights or priority rights. Should the security not cover a secured creditor's full claim, the remaining claim will, however, be part of the composition. A specific creditors' meeting is convened to vote on the proposed composition. The public composition is binding on all creditors that were entitled to participate, i.e., also creditors who have not attended the creditors' meeting will be bound.
399

Liquidation due to capital deficiency
Pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslag (2005:551)), as amended (the ``Swedish Companies Act''), whenever a company's board of directors has a reason to assume that, as a result of losses or reductions in the value of the company's assets or any other event, the company's equity is less than half the registered share capital, the company's board of directors shall prepare a special balance sheet (Sw. kontrollbalansra¨kning) and have the auditors examine it. The same obligation arises if the company in connection with enforcement pursuant to Chapter 4 of the Swedish Enforcement Code (Sw. Utso¨kningsbalk (1981:774)) is found to lack seizable assets.
If the special balance sheet shows that the equity of such company is less than half of the registered share capital, the board of directors shall, as soon as possible, issue notice to call a shareholders' meeting which shall consider whether the company shall go into liquidation (initial shareholders' meeting). The special balance sheet and an auditor's report with respect thereto shall be presented at the initial shareholders' meeting.
If the special balance sheet presented at the initial shareholders' meeting fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, the equity of the company amounts to the registered share capital and the initial shareholders' meeting has not resolved that the company shall go into liquidation, the shareholders' meeting shall, within eight months of the initial shareholders' meeting, reconsider the issue whether the company shall go into liquidation (second shareholders' meeting). Prior to the second shareholders' meeting, the board of directors shall prepare a new special balance sheet and cause such to be reviewed by the company's auditors. The new special balance sheet and an auditor's report thereon shall be presented at the second shareholders' meeting.
A shareholders' resolution on liquidation of the company shall be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket), which shall appoint a liquidator. Should the shareholders not resolve on such voluntary liquidation where required (which are where (i) a second shareholders' meeting is not held within the period of time stated above, or (ii) the new special balance sheet which was presented at the second shareholders' meeting was not reviewed by the company's auditor or fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, the equity of the company amounts to at least the registered share capital), the court may put the company into compulsory liquidation and appoint a liquidator. The liquidator takes over management and control of the company and shall sell the company's assets and settle the company's debts with the proceeds. The liquidator shall give notice to the company's unknown creditors and creditors that have not lodged their claims with the liquidator within six months following such notice will have forfeited their rights to their claims.
If the board of directors fails to comply with the requirements relating to liquidation due to capital deficiency (such as failure to prepare a special balance sheet and have the auditors examine it in case there are reasons to assume that the company's equity is less than half of its registered share capital), the members of the board of directors may be liable for obligations incurred by the company during the period of such failure to act. Also, any person who conducts business on the company's behalf with knowledge of the board of directors' failure to act may incur a similar liability. Liability shall however not be incurred by any person (including any member of the board of directors) who proves that he or she was not negligent.
Limitations on the Validity and Value of a Guarantee or Security Interest
Certain provisions of the Swedish Companies Act may limit the holders of the Notes right to payment from the Swedish Guarantors. The Guarantees of and security granted by the Guarantors and certain of their subsidiaries incorporated in Sweden are limited in accordance with the below restrictions relating to corporate benefit and are subject to limitation language limiting the liability of such entities thereunder if required by the below restrictions relating to distribution of assets.
Prohibited Loans and Security
A Swedish limited liability company may not provide a guarantee or a pledge for the obligations of a parent or sister company, unless they belong to the same group of companies and the parent company of that group is domiciled within the European Economic Area (EEA).
400

Corporate Benefit Rules
Furthermore, if a Swedish limited liability company provides any security interest or guarantee for the obligations of another party without receiving sufficient corporate benefit in return, such security interest or guarantee will, in whole or in part, be considered a distribution of assets, which will be lawful only (i) to the extent there is sufficient coverage for the restricted equity capital of the Swedish limited liability company after the distribution (i.e., at the time the guarantee is provided or the security is granted) and (ii) if it is considered prudent by the Swedish limited liability company to undertake such distribution after having taken into consideration the equity requirements imposed by the nature, scope and risks relating to the Swedish limited liability company's business or the Swedish limited liability company's need to strengthen its balance sheet, liquidity or financial position in general. Where the Swedish limited liability company is a parent company, the latter assessment is also made on a group level.
A guarantee or security granted for a another party's obligation may, inter alia, be deemed to constitute a distribution of assets if, at the time the guarantee or security interest is provided, the obligor of such obligation could be deemed unable to fulfill its obligation to indemnify the Swedish limited liability company if the guarantee is utilized or the security is enforced or if the security provider does not otherwise receive corporate benefit.
Financial Assistance
It should also be noted that laws relating to financial assistance in Sweden prohibit limited liability companies incorporated in Sweden from providing guarantees or granting security or other credit support for obligations of any person where such obligations are being incurred for the purpose of acquiring shares in the company itself or in any other superior member of the same Swedish group of companies.
Establishing a security interest
General
In order to create a valid security interest under Swedish law, the asset subject to such security interest must meet the following criteria: (a) there must be an underlying debtor-creditor relationship in respect of the obligations which the security purports to secure; (b) the pledgor must grant the security interest, typically in the form of a pledge agreement; and (c) an act perfecting the security interest must take place. The method for perfection varies depending on the asset type.
Under Swedish law, in addition to certain actions that must be taken to perfect a security interest by the secured party and the grantor, for any security to be validly created, the grantor must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the assets subject to the security interest. Any security interests purported to be created under Swedish law over assets which the security provider may remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate or collect, invest and dispose of any income from until the occurrence of an enforcement event would, with the exception of security over assets represented by mortgage certificates (such as real estate or business mortgage certificates), therefore not be effective until an enforcement event has occurred and the security interests have been perfected. In general, a three month hardening period will apply following such delayed perfection. Such unperfected secured assets are vulnerable under applicable provisions of Swedish law of being set aside as a preference in any Swedish insolvency proceedings affecting the security provider. Thus, a security provider must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the secured assets, and arrangements providing for the release of a security interest over an asset in connection with the disposal thereof or upon the occurrence of other circumstances would be at risk of impairing the validity of the security.
Shares
In the case of shares, the perfection of the pledge is achieved by transferring the share certificates into the possession of the secured party. The secured party is not entitled to vote for the shares but will normally obtain a proxy to vote upon an event of default or similar event. Absent agreement to the contrary, the secured party is entitled to any bonus shares and any new shares issued in rights issues. Unless the secured party and the pledgor agree otherwise, the pledgor is entitled to all dividends until the bankruptcy date. The right to future dividends can however be pledged to the secured party or to a third party.
401

Receivables, Bank Accounts and Claims in General
Pledges can also be granted and perfected in receivables and other claims (including dividends and bank accounts). Security over receivables and claims is perfected by way of notification to the debtor of the underlying claim. There is no requirement as to the form for such notification. However, in order to obtain the intended result, the pledgor or the secured party should state that the claim has been pledged to the secured party and the notice must also effectively prohibit the debtor of the underlying claim from paying the pledgor. For bank accounts this means that the account holder cannot be allowed to dispose of the account.
Pre-bankruptcy enforcement
General
Under Swedish law, security may generally be enforced by the holder of the security without involvement of the courts or other third parties. Certain categories of security (such as security over real estate mortgages or business mortgages) may however only be enforced through the enforcement authority and after that the pledgee has obtained an enforcement order. Enforcement of security over shares, receivables, bank accounts, trademarks and contractual rights can be carried out by the security holder itself. However, the pledgee has a general duty of care towards the pledgor which implies, inter alia, that a fair market value should be obtained if the pledged asset is enforced and that the pledgor, if possible, should be given prior notice of the contemplated enforcement.
Enforcement of Security Through Sale
The secured party is typically entitled to enforce the security through a sale of the security asset. However, certain restrictions apply to the procedure for such a sale. The pledgor shall be given prior notice if possible of the contemplated enforcement and also of the time and location of the sale. Furthermore, sufficient notice must be given to prospective purchasers in order to create reasonable preconditions for a market price being obtained in the sale. Where the secured party has been granted the right to enforce the security through a private sale, such sale must be made to a party unaffiliated with the secured party unless the market price of the security can be independently and objectively established and the security is sold at such price.
Enforcement of Security Through Collection of Payment
Pledges over receivables and other claims are, if the receivable or claim has fallen due, primarily enforced through the secured party collecting the payment as opposed to selling the receivable.
Enforcement of security in bankruptcy
An enforcement in bankruptcy of a security interest (other than security over real estate mortgages or business mortgages) in property can in principle be carried out in the same manner as outside bankruptcy. However, where a security holder seeks to enforce such security itself, certain statutory notice requirements apply, and the receiver must be given an opportunity to redeem the property on behalf of the estate. A creditor holding a possessory pledge over moveable property may arrange for the sale of the property at a public auction (but not sell the property privately unless the receiver consents). However, financial instruments and currency are exempt from the requirement for the receiver's consent. The secured party may either sell such assets immediately or assume ownership (against reduction of the secured debt with the market value of such assets or, if the market value of the assets exceeds the outstanding debt, against repayment to the debtor of the surplus), provided the realization is done in a commercially viable manner. Should the security consist of unlisted shares in the subsidiary of the debtor, the receiver must still be given an opportunity to redeem the shares prior to the sale or deduction.
Real property belonging to the debtor may be sold by the receiver in bankruptcy either through the Swedish Enforcement Authority in a public auction or by other means. A creditor having mortgage security in certain property (most relevant for business mortgage) has the right to require that the property be sold without undue delay. The receiver in bankruptcy may only refuse to sell the property following such request if the debtor conducts business and the property is required for the continuation of such business or if the timing of the sale is such that a postponement is necessary to avoid significant loss being caused to the estate.
402

Recovery in bankruptcy and in reorganization
In bankruptcy and--if certain conditions are met--company reorganization proceedings, transactions can (in certain circumstances and subject to a time limit) be reversed and the assets shall then be returned to the bankruptcy estate or the company subject to company reorganization. Broadly, these transactions include, among others and subject to further prerequisites, situations where the debtor has (a) conveyed property fraudulently or preferentially to one creditor to the detriment of its other creditors, (b) created a new security interest, granted a guarantee or security that was either not stipulated at the time when the secured obligation arose or not perfected without delay after such time and the delay is not considered to be ordinary or (c) paid a debt that is not due or that is considerable compared to the value of the debtor's assets or if the payment is made by using unusual means of payment. In the majority of situations, a claim for recovery can be made concerning actions that were made during the three months preceding the commencement of the relevant insolvency proceedings. In certain situations longer time limits apply. These include, among others, situations where the other party to an agreement or other arrangement is deemed to be a closely related party to the debtor, such as a subsidiary or parent company.
Foreign Currency
Whereas Swedish courts may award judgments in currencies other than Swedish Kronor, judgments will be enforced in Swedish Kronor, generally at the rate of exchange prevailing at the date of enforcement rather than at the date of judgment.
Security Granted in Favor of an Agent
It is generally possible under Swedish law to grant security interests in favor of an agent acting on behalf of the secured parties. However, it is not established by judicial precedent or otherwise by law that a power of attorney or a mandate of agency, including the appointment of an agent (including any agent for service of process), can be made irrevocable. Therefore, any powers of attorney or mandates of agency may be revoked and will also be terminated by operation of law and without notice at the bankruptcy or temporal demise of the party giving such powers.
Spain
Security interests and guarantees
Financial assistance limitations
The obligations of any Additional Spanish Guarantor, or any security interest created thereby, shall not extend to, and shall be deemed not to be undertaken, incurred or created by, an Additional Spanish Guarantor, to the extent that the same would constitute unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of article 150 of the Spanish Companies Act, Royal Decree-Law 1/2010, 2 July (Ley de Sociedades de Capital) as amended from time to time.
In brief, this limitation entails that the obligations of any Additional Spanish Guarantor, and the security interest created thereby, shall (i) not extend to any obligation incurred by any company of the Group for the purposes of (a) acquiring shares (acciones) representing the share capital of such Additional Spanish Guarantor or shares (acciones) or quotas (participaciones sociales) representing the share capital of the direct or indirect holding company of such Additional Spanish Guarantor; or (b) refinancing a previous debt incurred by any company for the acquisition of shares (acciones) representing the share capital of such Additional Spanish Guarantor or shares (acciones) or quotas (participaciones sociales) representing the share capital of any direct or indirect holding company of such Additional Spanish Guarantor.
For the purposes of the paragraph above, a reference to a ``holding company'' of an Additional Spanish Guarantor shall mean the company which, directly or indirectly, owns the majority of the voting rights of such Additional Spanish Guarantor or that may have a dominant influence on such Additional Spanish Guarantor. It shall be presumed that one company has a dominant influence on another company when:
(i) any of the scenarios set out in section 1 of article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Co´digo de Comercio) are met; or
403

(ii) when at least half plus one of the members of the managing body of the Additional Spanish Guarantor are also members of the managing body or top managers (altos directivos) of the dominant company or of another company controlled by such dominant company.
Trust under Spanish law
There is no concept of a trust under Spanish law, and Spanish courts may not recognize trusts.
Security interests governed by Spanish law are not granted in favour of the Security Agent, but in favour of all the holders of the Notes. The identity of the holders of the Notes may need to be disclosed to the relevant registries where the security interest is registered (if applicable).
In addition, the holders of the Notes may need to provide powers of attorney in favour of the Security Agent in connection with the enforcement of the security interests governed by Spanish law, or in connection with any other action that, in accordance with any Transaction Document, is expected to be performed by the Security Agent on behalf of, or for the benefit of, the holders of the Notes in connection with the security interests governed by Spanish law.
The acceptance of the benefit of the security interests governed by Spanish law by the Security Agent on behalf of the holders of the notes has not been tested on a consolidated basis before any Spanish court.
The validity of security interests governed by Spanish law is linked to the validity of the secured obligations
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, guarantees and security interests given or created by an Additional Spanish Guarantor governed by Spanish law may be deemed null and void under Spanish law in the event that all or part of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes which are guaranteed or secured by virtue of such guarantees and security interests are null or void, and the validity or enforceability of the security interests may be affected by any amendment, supplement, waiver, repayment, novation or extinction of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes.
Promissory security may not be effective
Any promissory security, or any undertaking to create new security by any Additional Spanish Guarantor, may not be effective if the Additional Spanish Guarantor is declared insolvent. Promissory security does not constitute actual security interests under Spanish law, but only a contractual undertaking to create a security interest in the future.
Irrevocable powers of attorney may be revoked
The validity of irrevocable powers of attorney granted under Spanish law by any Additional Spanish Guarantor may not survive the declaration of insolvency of that Additional Spanish Guarantor.
Enforcement of Spanish security
The enforcement of security interests governed by Spanish law require the existence of a non-payment of a due amount (cantidad l´iquida, vencida y exigible).
Perfection requirements
Security interests governed by Spanish law may require the performance of certain perfection requirements. It may have been agreed that certain of that perfection requirements are not complied with until a certain moment in the future or upon the occurrence of certain events (e.g. a default under the secured obligation). Until such perfection requirements are met, the relevant security interest would be deemed as not created and, until the moment the perfection requirements are met, insolvency hardening periods do not commence.
First Demand Guarantee
The figure of a first demand guarantee has been admitted in several judgments by the Spanish Supreme Court as an autonomous guarantee, detached from the underlying agreement whose obligations are being guaranteed, acknowledging therefore the validity of the provision pursuant to which the guarantor has renounced to call on exceptions different to those arising from the guarantee. Notwithstanding this, case law has also admitted the possibility that the guarantor objects to the beneficiary of the guarantee
404

the exception of fraud, bad faith or abuse of right in the events where the beneficiary enforces the guarantee in a fraudulent manner or with bad faith.
Mandatory winding up
If the net assets (patrimonio neto) of any Additional Spanish Guarantor fall below half the amount of its stated share capital, the Additional Spanish Guarantor is obliged to be wound up (disolverse), unless its share capital is increased or decreased in the required amount, and provided it is not required to declare its insolvency.
Insolvency of Spanish Additional Guarantors
The Spanish Additional Guarantors are incorporated under the laws of Spain. As a general rule, in the event of an insolvency of any of the Spanish Additional Guarantors, insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy) may be initiated in Spain and governed by Spanish law. The Spanish Act 22/2003 of July 9, 2003 on Insolvency Proceedings (the ``Spanish Insolvency Act''), as amended, regulates court insolvency proceedings.
In Spain, insolvency proceedings are only triggered in the event of a debtor's current insolvency (insolvencia actual) or imminent insolvency (insolvencia inminente). Under the Spanish Insolvency Act, a debtor is insolvent when it becomes unable to regularly meet its obligations as they become due and payable (current insolvency) or when it expects that it will shortly be unable to do so (imminent insolvency). A petition for current insolvency may be initiated by the debtor, by any creditor (provided that it has not acquired the credit within the six months prior to the filing of the petition for insolvency, for inter vivos acts, on a singular basis and once the credit was mature) or by certain other interested third parties. However, only the debtor may file a petition for insolvency on the basis of its imminent insolvency.
Voluntary insolvency
The insolvency proceeding (bankruptcy) is considered voluntary (concurso voluntario) if filed by the debtor. The debtor must file a petition for insolvency within two months after it becomes aware, or should have become aware, of its state of insolvency. It is presumed that the debtor becomes aware of its insolvency, unless otherwise proved, if any of the circumstances that qualify as the basis for a petition for mandatory insolvency occur.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the general duty to file for insolvency within the referred two months does not apply if the debtor notifies the applicable Court that it has initiated negotiations with its creditors to obtain support to reach a pre-packaged composition agreement or an out-of-court workout (a refinancing agreement) set out in article 71 bis.1 or in the Fourth Additional Disposition of the Spanish Insolvency Act (the so-called 5 bis communication). Effectively, by means of the 5 bis communication, on the top of those two months, the debtor gains an additional three month period to achieve an agreement with its creditors or to obtain accessions to an anticipated composition agreement and one further month to file for the declaration of insolvency. During such period of time, creditors' petitions for mandatory insolvency will not be accepted and court enforcement actions, other than those arising from public law claims, over those assets deemed necessary for the continuity of the debtor's business activities, are prohibited.
Mandatory insolvency
Insolvency is considered mandatory (concurso necesario) if filed by a creditor. Under article 2.4 of the Spanish Insolvency Act, a creditor can seek a debtor's declaration of insolvency if it can prove that it has failed to attach any assets, or sufficient assets, to pay the amount owed. A creditor may also apply for a debtor's insolvency if it can prove to the court, inter alia: (i) a generalized default on payments by the debtor; (ii) a seizure of assets affecting or comprising the generality of the debtor's assets; (iii) a misplacement, ``fire sale'' or ruinous liquidation of the debtor's assets; or (iv) a generalized default on certain tax, social security and employment obligations during the applicable statutory period (three months).
405

Conclusion of insolvency: proposal of agreement or liquidation
The Spanish Insolvency Act provides that insolvency proceedings conclude following either the implementation of an agreement between the creditors and the debtor (a composition agreement) or the liquidation of the debtor.
Enforcement and termination in a pre-insolvency scenario
The obligations under the Notes, the Guarantees and/or the security interest might not necessarily be enforced in accordance with their respective terms in every circumstance, such enforcement being subject to, inter alia, the nature of the remedies available in the Spanish Courts, the acceptance by such court of jurisdiction, the discretion of the courts, the power of such courts to stay proceedings, the provisions of the Spanish Law on Civil Procedure (Ley de Enjuiciamento Civil) regarding remedies and enforcement measures available under Spanish law and other principles of law of general application. In this regard:
· Spanish law does not expressly recognize the concept of an indemnity. Article 1,152 of the Spanish Civil Code establishes that any penalty (cla´usula penal) agreed by the parties in an agreement will substitute damages (indemnizacio´n de dan~os y abono de intereses) in an event of breach, unless otherwise agreed. Spanish Courts may modify the penalty agreed on an equitable basis if the debtor has partially or irregularly performed its obligations, unless the penalty (liquidated damages) was aimed at such partial performance. There is doubt as to the enforceability in Spain of punitive damages.
· Where obligations are to be performed in a jurisdiction outside Spain, they may not be enforceable in Spain to the extent that performance would be illegal under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.
· Spanish law precludes the validity and performance of contractual obligations to be left at the discretion of one of the contracting parties. Therefore, Spanish courts may refuse to uphold and enforce terms and conditions of an agreement giving discretionary authority to one of the contracting parties.
· Spanish law, as applied by the Spanish Supreme Court, precludes an agreement being terminated on the basis of a breach of obligations, undertakings or covenants which are merely ancillary or complementary to the main payment undertakings of the relevant agreement, and allows Spanish courts not to enforce any such termination. Under Spanish law, acts carried out in accordance with the terms of a legal provision whenever said acts seek a result which is forbidden by or contrary to law, shall be deemed to have been executed in circumvention of law (fraude de ley) and the provisions whose application was intended to be avoided shall apply.
Certain effects of the insolvency for the debtor and on contracts
As a general rule, the debtor in a voluntary insolvency retains its powers to manage and dispose of its business, but is subject to the intervention of the insolvency administrators (``administracio´n concursal''). In the case of mandatory insolvency, as a general rule, the debtor no longer has power over its assets, and management's powers (including the power to dispose of assets) are conferred solely upon the insolvency administrators. However, the court has the power to modify this general regime subject to the specific circumstances of the case.
A declaration of insolvency does not affect agreements with reciprocal obligations pending on performance by either the insolvent party or the counterparty (executory contracts), which remain in full force and effect, and the obligations of the insolvent debtor will be fulfilled against the insolvent estate. The court can nonetheless terminate any such contracts at the request of the insolvency administrators, or the company itself when such termination is in the interest of the estate (rejection) or at the request of the non-insolvent party if there has been a breach of such contract. The termination of such contracts may result in the insolvent debtor having to return and indemnify damages as an administrative expense to its counterpart. On the other hand, the judge may decide to cure any breach of the insolvent debtor at its request or the insolvency administrators' request (assumption), in which case the non-insolvent party shall be entitled to seek performance as an administrative expenses (pre-deductible claim from the estate). Lastly, under article 61 of the Spanish Insolvency Act, all clauses in contracts with mutual obligations that entitle any party to terminate an agreement based solely on the other party's declaration of insolvency (ipso facto clauses) are deemed as not included in the agreement (void) and, therefore, unenforceable, except if expressly permitted by specific laws (i.e., agency laws).
406

Additionally, the declaration of insolvency determines that interest accrual is suspended, except credit rights secured with an in rem right, in which case interest accrues up to the value of the security, and except for any wage credits in favor of employees, which will accrue the legal interest set forth in the corresponding Law of the State Budget (Ley de Presupuestos del Estado).
As a general rule, insolvency proceedings are not compatible with other enforcement proceedings which can have an effect on the estate. When compatible, in order to protect the interests of the debtor and creditors, the Spanish Insolvency Act extends the jurisdiction of the court dealing with insolvency proceedings, which is then legally authorized to handle any enforcement proceedings or interim measures affecting the debtor's assets (whether based upon civil, labor, or administrative law).
The enforcement of any security over certain assets that are necessary to the continuation of the commercial or professional activity of the insolvent company (in rem securities) is prohibited until the earlier of: (i) an arrangement of a composition agreement being reached provided that the composition agreement does not affect such right or (ii) one year having elapsed as of the declaration of the insolvency without the opening of a liquidation.
Ranking of credits (Priority rules)
Creditors are required to report and evidence their claims to the insolvency administrators within one month from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency, providing original documentation to justify such claims. Based on the documentation provided by the creditors and documentation held by the debtor, the court administrators draw up a list of acknowledged creditors/ allowed claims, and classify them according to the categories established in the Spanish Insolvency Act.
Under the Spanish Insolvency Act, claims are classified in the following groups:
a) Claims against the insolvency estate (cre´ditos contra la masa), administrative expenses (post-petition claims), are not considered part of the debtor's liabilities and are payable when due according to their own terms (and, therefore, are paid before other debts under insolvency proceedings). These are pre-deducitble claims from the estate. Debt against the insolvency estate includes, among others, (i) certain amounts of the employee payroll, (ii) costs and expenses of the insolvency proceedings, (iii) certain amounts arising from services provided by the insolvent debtor under reciprocal contracts and outstanding obligations that remain in force after insolvency proceedings are declared and deriving from obligations to return and indemnity in cases of voluntary termination or breach by the insolvent debtor, (iv) those that derive from the exercise of a clawback action within the insolvency proceedings of acts performed by the insolvent debtor and correspond to a refund of consideration received by it (except in cases of bad faith), (v) certain amounts arising from obligations created by law or from the non-contractual liability of the insolvent debtor after the declaration of insolvency and until its conclusion, (vi) certain debts incurred by the debtor following the declaration of insolvency; (vii) in case of liquidation, the credit rights granted to the debtor under a composition agreement in accordance with article 100.5 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, (viii) 100% of the new funds lent under a refinancing arrangement entered into in compliance with the requirements set forth in Article 71.bis or the 4th Additional Provision of the Spanish Insolvency Law, provided that such arrangement has been entered into after March 9, 2014 and (ix) 100% of the new funds lent by the debtor itself or by persons being in a special relationship with the debtor in the context of a refinancing arrangement entered into in compliance with the requirements set forth in Article 71.bis or the 4th Additional Provision of the Spanish Insolvency Law, provided that such arrangement has been entered into after March 9, 2014 and provided further that such new funds do not result from a share capital increase. From March 10, 2016, only 50% of the new funds referred to in subsection (a)(viii) will be considered as claims against the insolvency estate, and funds referred to in subsection (a)(ix) will no longer be considered as claims against the insolvency estate, unless granted by a special related person. As an exception, new money granted pursuant to an out-of-court workout regulated under article 71 bis or the 4th Additional Provision of the Spanish Insolvency Act, which also contemplates a debt-for-equity swap executed before the granting of fresh money, shall not be subordinated under article 92.5º of the Spanish Insolvency Act. This is an incentive to promote fresh money and debt-for-equity swaps in order to remove insolvency out-of-court.
b) Claims benefiting from special privileges, representing security on certain assets (essentially in rem security). These claims may entail separate enforcement proceedings provided that they
407

start before liquidation, and are subject to certain restrictions related to a mandatory waiting period that may last up to one year and certain additional limitations set forth in the Spanish Insolvency Law. However, within such waiting period or while any enforcement proceedings remain suspended under the Spanish Insolvency Law, the court receiver has the option to pay the relevant claims against the insolvency estate under specific payment rules. Privileged creditors are not subject to arrangements (convenios), unless they give their express support by voting in favor of the arrangement. In the event of liquidation, they are the first to collect payment against the proceeds of the secured assets.
c) Claims benefiting from general privileges, including, among others, certain labor debts, tort claims, and certain debts with public administrations. Other debts with public administrations corresponding to tax debts and social security obligations are recognized as privileged for half of their amount, and debts held by the creditor applying for the corresponding insolvency proceedings, to the extent such application has been approved, up to 50% of the amount of such debt. New funds under a refinancing arrangement entered into in compliance with the requirements set forth in Article 71.bis or the 4th Additional Provision of the Spanish Insolvency Law in the amount not admitted as a debt against the insolvency estate (cre´dito contra la masa) will also be credits with general privileges. The holders of general privileges are not to be affected by the restructuring (composition agreement) if they do not agree to the arrangement and, in the event of liquidation, they are the first to collect payment (in the order established by law).
d) Ordinary claims (non-subordinated and non-privileged claims) will be paid on a prorate basis.
e) Subordinated claims (which are thus classified contractually or pursuant to law). Debts subordinated by virtue of law include, among others, claims not filed timely, those credits held by parties in special relationships with the debtor, except for those credits that are regarded as debt against the insolvency estate (cre´dito contra la masa) in accordance with subsection (a)(ix) above and until March 9, 2016. In the case of individuals, this includes their relatives. In the case of a legal entity, this includes administrators, group companies and their common shareholders, and any shareholders holding over 5% (for companies that have issued securities listed on an official secondary market) or 10% (for companies which have not issued securities listed on an official secondary market) of the entity's share capital. Notwithstanding the above, creditors who have directly or indirectly capitalized their credit rights pursuant to a refinancing arrangement entered into in compliance with the requirements set forth in Article 71.bis or the 4th Additional Provision of the Spanish Insolvency Law shall not be considered as being in a special relationship with the debtor, in respect of credits against the debtor, as a result of the financing granted under such refinancing arrangement. Claims related to accrued and unpaid interest unless and to the extent they are secured by an in rem right are also subordinated. Subordinated creditors are second-level creditors; they may not vote on a composition agreement and have very limited chances of collection. Furthermore, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, assignees or awardees of claims belonging to any of the persons mentioned in this paragraph are presumed to be persons specially related to the insolvent debtor as long as the acquisition has taken place within two years prior to the insolvency proceedings being declared open.
Hardening periods
There is no clawback date by operation of law. Therefore, there are no prior transactions that automatically become void as a result of the initiation of insolvency proceedings, but instead the insolvency administrators must expressly challenge those transactions. Under the Spanish Insolvency Act, upon the declaration of insolvency, only transactions that could be deemed as being detrimental (perjudiciales) for the insolvent debtor's estate (i.e., causing a so-called ``patrimonial damage''), or according to the Spanish Supreme Court, preferential (which means favouring some creditors vis a` vis others form the same class) during the two years prior to the date the insolvency is declared, may be challenged, even if there was no fraudulent intention. In addition, transactions taking place within four years prior to the declaration of insolvency are subject to the general regime of fraudulent conveyance under the Spanish Civil Code, which requires the evidence of fraud by the claimant.
The Spanish Insolvency Act does not define the meaning of ``patrimonial damage''. Damage does not refer to the intention of the parties, but to the consequences of the transaction on the debtor's estate
408

resulting in the damage to the insolvent debtor's estate or the prejudice to the equality of the treatment among creditors which drives insolvency proceedings (pars condition creditorum). There are several ``irrebuttable presumptions'' expressly set forth by the Spanish Insolvency Act (i.e., free disposals and prepayment or cancellation of the company's claims or obligations prior to them being due and where the due dates of the relevant claims or payment obligations fall after the date of declaration of insolvency), except if such obligations were secured by an in rem security, in which case such transactions are subject to a rebuttable presumption of ``patrimonial prejudice'' as set forth next. In addition to the foregoing, the Spanish Insolvency Act sets forth certain actions which are deemed to cause a ``patrimonial damage'' to the insolvent company, but which are ``rebuttable presumptions'' and therefore subject to being contested by the other party (i.e., disposals in favor of ``specially related parties'' (as described above), the provision of security in respect of previously existing obligations or in respect of new obligations replacing existing ones and the payment or other acts to terminate obligations being secured by an in rem security and which mature after the declaration of insolvency). Ordinary transactions carried out within the debtor's ordinary course of business cannot be rescinded, provided that they are carried out at arm's length.
In any event, fraudulent acts that have been entered into by creditors may always be rescinded and also those payments made by the insolvent company during the insolvency in respect of obligations which the debtor, at the time of payment, could not be compelled to pay. The consequence of the court resolution rescinding a prejudicial act is that the parties involved are required to return their reciprocal consideration with any accrued rents or interest, provided that the avoided transaction is an executory contract (a financial claim may be just deprived from a security interest, for instance).
A recent amendment of the Spanish Insolvency Act has excluded certain types of refinancing agreements from the scope of claw-back actions, including the guarantees and security interest granted in execution of such agreements.
Cramdown effects of certain refinancing agreements
In order to seek protection against clawback, refinancing agreements (out-of-court workouts) may be homologated (homologado) by the insolvency court if (i) they entail a significant enlargement of debtor's credit or a change in the capital structure by either granting a longer term or replacing previous claims with new ones; (ii) they have been subscribed by financial creditors holding, at least, 51% of the debtor's financial liabilities whether or not subject to financial supervision (that is to say the Spanish Insolvency Act excludes public creditors and those of commercial transactions) at the date of the refinancing agreement; (iii) the debtor's auditor issues a certificate acknowledging that the 51% majority has been reached (in the case of a group a companies, the majority refers both individually to each company and to the group as a whole -where the intercompany claims are not taken into account-); and (iv) the agreement is formalized in a public instrument. Homologated refinancing agreements may not be subject to a claw-back action.
As to the rules to reach this majority of 51 percent of financial claims, all creditors holding an interest in a syndicated loan will be deemed to have adhered to the refinancing agreement (for the purposes of petitioning protection against clawback) if it is favorably voted upon by at least 75% of the liabilities represented by the loan, or a lower majority if so established in the syndicated loan agreement. The scope of this measure (particularly as to whether this majority of 75% might also serve for the cramdown of discharges and stays of payments over the rest of syndicated claims) is not clear among Spanish scholars or courts and therefore it is not possible yet to ascertain what its practical effects will be.
The following cramdown effects of homologated refinancing agreements may be imposed on (i) dissenting or non-participating unsecured financial creditors or (ii) on secured financial creditors to the extent of that part of their secured claim not covered by their security interest, as such security interest is to be valued in accordance with the rules set out by the latest reform of the Spanish Insolvency Act:
(a) If the homologated refinancing agreement is supported by creditors representing at least 60% of the debtor's financial liabilities, stays of payments may be granted for up to five years or the debt converted into so-called profit participation loans (pre´stamos participativos) of duration up to 5 years.
409

Further, these effects may be extended to the amount of secured claims of non-participating or dissenting creditors, when the agreement has been entered into by financial creditors holding secured claims which represent at least 65% of the value of all secured claims of the debtor. (b) If the homologated refinancing agreement is supported by creditors representing at least 75% of the debtor's aggregate financial liabilities:
(i) stays of payments for up to 10 years; (ii) haircuts (note that a cap has not been established); (iii) capitalization of debt; (iv) conversion of debt into profit participation loans of up to 10 years, convertible obligations,
subordinated loans, payment in kind facilities, or in any other financial instrument with a ranking, maturity and features different to the original debt; and (v) assignment of assets or rights as assignment in kind for total or partial payment of the debt (datio pro soluto). Further, these effects may be extended to the amount of secured claims of non-participating or dissenting creditors, when the agreement has been entered into by financial creditors holding secured claims which represent at least 80% of the value of all secured claims of the debtor.
Parallel Debt Under Spanish law, a security interest created as security for the benefit of third parties who are not direct parties to the relevant agreement creating the security interest is unenforceable by such parties (unless they consent as third party beneficiaries thereto). As of the time of this Offering Memorandum, it is not expected that security interests governed by Spanish law are affected by a parallel debt structure.
Certain of the Guarantors will not initially guarantee the Notes Only companies incorporated as stock companies under the laws of Spain (``sociedades ano´nimas'' or ``S.A.'') can guarantee the Notes. This is due to the fact that all limited liability companies under the laws of Spain (``sociedades de responsabilidad limitada'' or ``S.L.'') are subject to the prohibition contained in Article 402 of the Spanish Companies Act, Royal Decree-Law 1/2010, 2 July (Ley de Sociedades de Capital) (the ``Spanish Capital Companies Law''), which provides that a limited liability company cannot execute or guarantee a bond issuance or other issuance of securities. As a consequence of the foregoing, on the Issue Date (i) the Notes will not be guaranteed by the Guarantors that are incorporated as a private limited company (``sociedad de responsabilidad limitada''' or ```S.L.'') under Spanish law, i.e. the Additional Spanish Guarantors; and (ii) such Additional Spanish Guarantors will also not create any security interest as security of the Notes. The Issuer has agreed on the conversion of each Additional Spanish Guarantor described above into a ``sociedad ano´nima''` or ``S.A.'' under Spanish law as soon as practicable. The conversions are expected to take place within approximately six months following the Completion Date. Each of the Additional Spanish Guarantors referred to above will become a party to each of the Indentures and the Intercreditor Agreement and guarantee the Notes only following its conversion.
Set-off Spanish Insolvency Law generally prohibits set off of the credits and debts of the insolvent company once it has been declared insolvent, but such set off whose requirements in order to operate were met before the declaration of insolvency can still apply. However, set-off may be exercised by a determined creditor vis-a`-vis the insolvent company if the governing law of the reciprocal credit right of the insolvent company permits it under insolvency scenarios.
410

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in a purchase agreement (the ``Purchase Agreement'') to be dated as of the date of this Offering Memorandum, the Issuers have agreed to sell the Notes to the Initial Purchasers and the Initial Purchasers have agreed, severally and not jointly, to purchase the Notes from the Issuers.
The Purchase Agreement provides that the Initial Purchasers are obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase all the Notes, if any are purchased. In the event that an Initial Purchaser fails or refuses to purchase the Notes which it has agreed to purchase, the Purchase Agreement provides that the purchase commitments of the other Initial Purchasers may be increased or that the Purchase Agreement may be terminated.
The Purchase Agreement provides that the obligations of the Initial Purchasers to pay for and accept delivery of the Notes are subject to, among other conditions, the delivery of certain legal opinions by counsel.
The Initial Purchasers propose to offer the Notes initially at the price indicated on the cover page hereof. After the initial offering, the offering price and other selling terms of the Notes may from time to time be varied by the Initial Purchasers without notice.
We have agreed to provide the Initial Purchasers certain customary fees or discounts for their services in connection with the offering of the Notes and to reimburse them for certain out-of-pocket expenses.
Persons who purchase Notes from the Initial Purchasers may be required to pay stamp duty, taxes and other charges in accordance with the laws and practice of the country of purchase in addition to the offering price set forth on the cover page hereof.
The Purchase Agreement provides that we will indemnify and hold harmless the Initial Purchasers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the U.S. Securities Act, and will contribute to payments that the Initial Purchasers may be required to make in respect thereof. We have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to offer, sell, contract to sell, issue or otherwise dispose of, except as provided under the Purchase Agreement, any debt securities of, or guaranteed by, us during the period from the date of the Purchase Agreement through and including the date that is 90 days after the date of the Purchase Agreement.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act. The Initial Purchasers have agreed that they will only offer or sell the Euro-denominated and SEK-denominated Notes: (i) in the United States to ``qualified institutional buyers'' in reliance on Rule 144A that are also ``Qualified Purchasers'' as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act; and (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S. The Initial Purchasers have agreed that they will only offer and sell the NOK Floating Rate Notes outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S. In addition, as Nordea Bank Danmark A/S is not registered with the SEC as a U.S. registered broker-dealer, it will effect offers and sales of the notes solely outside of the United States. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Rule 144A and Regulation S. Resales of the Notes are restricted as described under ``Transfer Restrictions.''
Each Initial Purchaser has represented, warranted and agreed with us that:
(i) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to us or the Guarantors, and
(ii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction, including the United States and the United Kingdom, by us or the Initial Purchasers that would permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of this Offering Memorandum or any other material relating to us or the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for this purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Memorandum nor any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the Notes may be distributed or published, in or from any country or jurisdiction, except in compliance with any applicable rules and regulations of any such country or
411

jurisdiction. This Offering Memorandum does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Persons into whose possession this Offering Memorandum comes are advised to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to the offering of the Notes, the distribution of this Offering Memorandum and resale of the Notes. See ``Transfer Restrictions.''
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors has also agreed that it will not at any time offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any securities under circumstances in which such offer, sale, pledge, contract or disposition would cause the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the U.S. Securities Act or the safe harbor of Rule 144A and Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act to cease to be applicable to the offer and sale of the Notes.
The Notes are a new issue of securities for which there currently is no market. We will apply, through our listing agents, for the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to the Irish Stock Exchange's Global Exchange Market and the NOK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted on the Oslo Børs; however, we cannot assure you that the Notes will be approved for listing or that such listing will be obtained, or if obtained, will be maintained.
The Initial Purchasers have advised us that they intend to make a market for the Notes as permitted by applicable law after completing the offering of the Notes. The Initial Purchasers are not obligated, however, to make a market in the Notes, and any market-making activity may be discontinued at any time at the sole discretion of the Initial Purchasers without notice. In addition, any such market-making activity will be subject to the limits imposed by the U.S. Securities Act and the U.S. Exchange Act. We cannot assure you that any market for the Notes will develop, that it will be liquid if it does develop, or that you will be able to sell any Notes at a particular time or at a price which will be favorable to you. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--There may not be an active trading market for the Notes, in which case your ability to sell the Notes may be limited.''
We expect that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment on the Notes on or about the date specified on the cover page of this Offering Memorandum, which will be three (3) business days (as such term is used for purposes of Rule 15c6-1 of the U.S. Exchange Act) following the date of pricing of the Notes (this settlement cycle is being referred to as ``T+ 3'').
In connection with the offering of the Notes, the Stabilizing Manager, or persons acting on its behalf, may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the Notes. Specifically, the Stabilizing Manager, or persons acting on its behalf, may bid for and purchase Notes in the open market to stabilize the price of the Notes. The Stabilizing Manager, or persons acting on its behalf, may also over-allot the offering of the Notes, creating a syndicate short position, and may bid for and purchase Notes in the open market to cover the syndicate short position. In addition, the Stabilizing Manager, or persons acting on its behalf, may bid for and purchase Notes in market-making transactions as permitted by applicable laws and regulations and impose penalty bids. These activities may stabilize or maintain the respective market price of the Notes above market levels that may otherwise prevail. The Stabilizing Manager is are not required to engage in these activities, and may end these activities at any time. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the liquidity of, or trading markets for, the Notes. See ``Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--There may not be an active trading market for the Notes, in which case your ability to sell the Notes may be limited.''
The Initial Purchasers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The Initial Purchasers or their respective affiliates from time to time have provided in the past and may provide in the future investment banking, financial advisory and commercial banking services to us and our affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they have received or may receive customary fees and commissions. In connection with our strategy to review and evaluate selective acquisitions and other business combinations, we and our shareholders regularly engage mergers and acquisition advisors and other financial advisors to assist us. Certain of the Initial Purchasers and their affiliates may be currently advising us or other interested parties, and the Initial Purchasers and their affiliates may advise us or other interested parties from time to time on other transactions in the future. The Initial Purchasers may also, from time to time, hold bonds or loans of, or acquire equity positions in the Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates in normal course, including allocations of the Notes offered hereby. The Initial Purchasers and their affiliates may, from time to time, engage in transactions with, and perform services for, the Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates in the ordinary course of their business.
412

Goldman Sachs International and/or certain of its affiliates are currently acting as financial advisors to the Sellers and/or its boards in connection with the Acquisition. Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and/or certain of its affiliates are currently acting as financial advisers to Nordic Capital Fund VIII in connection with the Acquisition. Affiliates of each of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Nordea Bank Danmark A/S have in the past and may in the future sell portfolios of overdue debt and other overdue receivables to members of the Target Group. Certain affiliates of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S are lenders under certain existing indebtedness of the Target Group, including the Existing Credit Facilities, and as a result will receive a portion of the proceeds of the offering of the Notes. Nordea Bank Danmark A/S or one of their affiliates are or will be a lender under the Revolving Credit Facilities Agreement. In addition, certain of the Initial Purchasers or their affiliates are or may be in the future party to certain of our hedging arrangements and other financing and/or debt arrangements and may hold other proprietary positions in us, our current or future subsidiaries and affiliates and/or financial intermediaries and the financial instruments issued by any of them.
413

TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
You are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or other transfer of any of the Notes offered hereby.
We have not registered and will not register the Notes or the Note Guarantees under the U.S. Securities Act and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Accordingly, we are offering and selling the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes to the Initial Purchasers for re-offer and resale only:
· to U.S. investors that we reasonably believe to be (i) ``Qualified Purchasers'' (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act), commonly referred to as ``QPs,'' and (ii) ``qualified institutional buyers,'' commonly referred to as ``QIBs,'' (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act) in compliance with Rule 144A; and
· outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S.
We are offering and selling the NOK Floating Rate Notes to the Initial Purchasers for reoffer and resale only outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S.
We use the terms ``offshore transaction'' and ``United States'' with the meanings given to them in Regulation S.
Each purchaser of Notes, by its acceptance thereof, will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented to and agreed with the Issuers and the Initial Purchasers as follows:
(1) It understands and acknowledges that the Notes and the Guarantees have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable state securities laws, and that the Notes are being offered for resale in transactions not requiring registration under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities law, including sales in reliance on Rule 144A, and, unless so registered, may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except in compliance with the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable state securities laws, pursuant to an exemption therefrom or in any transaction not subject thereto, and in each case in compliance with the conditions for transfer set forth in paragraphs (4) and (5) below.
(2) It is not an ``affiliate'' (as defined in Rule 144) of either of the Issuers or acting on behalf of either of the Issuers and it is either:
(i) both a QIB and a QP and is aware that any sale of Notes to it will be made in reliance on Rule 144A, and the acquisition of Notes will be for its own account or for the account of a party that is both a QIB and a QP; or
(ii) a non-U.S. person purchasing the Notes in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S.
(3) It acknowledges that none of the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Registrars or the Initial Purchasers, or any person representing any of them, have made any representation to it with respect to the offering or sale of any Notes, other than the information contained in this Offering Memorandum, which Offering Memorandum has been delivered to it and upon which it is relying in making its investment decision with respect to the Notes. It has had access to such financial and other information concerning us, the Issuers and their subsidiaries and the Notes as it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase any of the Notes, including an opportunity to ask questions of, and request information from, the Issuers and the Initial Purchasers.
(4) It is purchasing the Notes for its own account, or for one or more investor accounts for which it is acting as a fiduciary or agent, in each case for investment, and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws, subject to any requirement of law that the disposition of its property or the property of such investor account or accounts be at all times within its or their control and subject to its or their ability to resell such Notes pursuant to Rule 144A, Regulation S or any other exemption from registration available under the U.S. Securities Act.
414

(5) Each holder of Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A (``Rule 144A Notes'') agrees on its own behalf and on behalf of any investor account for which it is purchasing the Notes, and each subsequent holder of the Rule 144A Notes by its acceptance thereof will be deemed to agree, to offer, sell or otherwise transfer such Notes prior to the date (the ``Resale Restriction Termination Date'') that is one year after the later of the date of the Issue Date and the last date on which the Issuers or any of their affiliates was the owner of such Notes (or any predecessor thereto) only: (i) to the Issuers, the Guarantors or any subsidiary thereof; (ii) pursuant to a registration statement that has been declared effective under the U.S. Securities Act; (iii) for so long as the Notes are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A, to a person it reasonably believes is a QIB that is also a QP who purchases for its own account or for the account of a QIB to whom notice is given that the transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; (iv) pursuant to offers and sales that occur outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S; or (v) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act, subject in each of the foregoing cases to any requirement of law that the disposition of its property or the property of such investor account or accounts be at all times within its or their control and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws, and any applicable local laws and regulations, and further subject to the Issuers' and the Trustee's rights prior to any such offer, sale or transfer: (i) pursuant to clause (iv) or (v) to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certification and/or other information satisfactory to each of them; and (ii) in each of the foregoing cases, to require that a certificate of transfer in the form appearing on the reverse of the security is completed and delivered by the transferor to the Trustee. The foregoing restrictions on resale will not apply subsequent to the Resale Restriction Termination Date.
(6) The purchaser understands that, by its purchase, holding and disposition of the Notes or any interest therein, it shall be deemed to have represented and covenanted that, either (A) it is not acquiring the Notes or any interest therein for or on behalf of (and for so long as it holds the Notes or any interest therein will not be and will not be acting on behalf of), and will not sell or otherwise transfer the Notes to, (i) any ``employee benefit plan'' (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (``ERISA'')) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) any ``plan'' (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ``Code'')) that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (iii) any entity the assets of which are considered to include ``plan assets'' of any plans described above in subsections (i) or (ii) (as determined pursuant to U.S. Department of Labor Regulations, as amended by Section 3(42) of ERISA), or (iv) any plan, such as a foreign plan, governmental plan (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA) or church plan (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) that is not subject to Title I of ERISA but that is subject to any federal, state, local, foreign or other laws or regulations that are similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a ``Similar Law''), or (B) the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Notes or any interest therein are exempt from the prohibited transaction restrictions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a plan that is subject to a Similar Law, exempt from the analogous provisions of such Similar Law), pursuant to one or more applicable statutory or administrative exemptions.
(7) Each purchaser acknowledges that each Note will contain a legend substantially to the following effect:
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ``U.S. SECURITIES ACT''), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT.
THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE ``RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE'') THAT IS [RULE 144A NOTES: ONE YEAR] [NOTES SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S: 40 DAYS] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUERS OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUERS WERE THE OWNER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF THIS SECURITY) ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTORS OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT,
415

(C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT (``RULE 144A''), TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A ``QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER'' AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT IS ALSO A ``QUALIFIED PURCHASER'' (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51) OF THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE ``U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT'')) THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT IN EACH OF THE FOREGOING CASES TO ANY REQUIREMENT OF LAW THAT THE DISPOSITION OF ITS PROPERTY OR THE PROPERTY OF SUCH INVESTOR ACCOUNT OR ACCOUNTS BE AT ALL TIMES WITHIN ITS OR THEIR CONTROL AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS, AND FURTHER SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS' AND THE TRUSTEE'S RIGHTS PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER: (I) PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM; AND (II) IN EACH OF THE FOREGOING CASES, TO REQUIRE THAT A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER IN THE FORM APPEARING ON THE REVERSE OF THIS NOTE IS COMPLETED AND DELIVERED BY THE TRANSFEROR TO THE TRUSTEE, AND AGREES THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.
BY ACCEPTING THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN EACH HOLDER AND EACH TRANSFEREE IS DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT AT THE TIME OF ITS ACQUISITION AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN (1) EITHER (A) IT IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN FOR OR ON BEHALF OF (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS SECURITY WILL NOT BE AND WILL NOT BE ACTING ON BEHALF OF), AND WILL NOT TRANSFER THIS SECURITY TO, (I) ANY ``EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'' (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (``ERISA'')) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) ANY ``PLAN'' (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE ``CODE'')) THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (III) ANY ENTITY THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF WHICH ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE ``PLAN ASSETS'' OF ANY PLANS DESCRIBED ABOVE IN SUBSECTIONS (I) OR (II) (AS DETERMINED PURSUANT TO U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATIONS, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA), OR (IV) ANY PLAN, SUCH AS A FOREIGN PLAN, GOVERNMENTAL PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA) OR CHURCH PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA) THAT IS NOT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, BUT THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (A ``SIMILAR LAW''), OR (B) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN ARE EXEMPT FROM THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION RESTRICTIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE CASE OF A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO A SIMILAR LAW, EXEMPT FROM THE ANALOGOUS PROVISIONS OF SUCH SIMILAR LAW), PURSUANT TO ONE OR MORE APPLICABLE STATUTORY OR ADMINISTRATIVE EXEMPTIONS; AND (2) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN OTHER THAN TO A PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE THAT IS DEEMED TO MAKE THESE SAME REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY.
If it purchases Notes, it will also be deemed to acknowledge that the foregoing restrictions apply to holders of beneficial interests in these Notes as well as to holders of these Notes.
(8) It agrees that it will give to each person to whom it transfers the Notes notice of any restrictions on transfer of such Notes.
(9) It acknowledges that until 40 days after the commencement of the relevant offering of the Notes, any offer or sale of the relevant Notes within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in
416

the offering of the Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act. (10) If it is a non-U.S. person in a sale that occurs outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S, it acknowledges that until the expiration of the ``distribution compliance period'' (as defined below), it shall not make any offer or sale of the notes to a U.S. person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. person within the meaning of Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act. The ``distribution compliance period'' means the 40-day period following the issue date for the Notes. (11) It acknowledges that the relevant Registrar will not be required to accept for registration or transfer any Notes acquired by it except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the Issuers and the relevant Registrar that the restrictions set forth therein have been complied with. (12) It acknowledges that the Issuers, the Initial Purchasers, the Trustee, the Transfer Agent, the relevant Registrar and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements and agrees that if any of the acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements deemed to have been made by its purchase of the Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Initial Purchasers. If it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or an agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such investor account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such investor account. (13) It understands that no action has been taken in any jurisdiction (including the United States) by the Issuers, any of the Guarantors or the Initial Purchasers that would result in a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of this Offering Memorandum or any other material relating to us or the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for such purpose is required. Consequently, any transfer of the Notes will be subject to the selling restrictions set forth under ``Plan of Distribution.''
417

LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the Notes, the Guarantees and certain other legal matters are being passed upon for us by Latham & Watkins (London) LLP with respect to matters of U.S. federal and New York state law and English law and by Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS as to matters of Norwegian law. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the Initial Purchasers by Ropes & Gray International LLP with respect to matters of U.S. federal and New York state law and English law and by Arntzen de Besche Advokatfirma AS as to matters of Norwegian law.
418

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS The Company's consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 included in this Offering Memorandum have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, independent auditors, as stated in their reports (which reports express an unqualified opinion on the financial statements appearing herein). The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is Torsgatan 21, SE-113 97 Stockholm, Sweden.
419

ENFORCEMENT OF FOREIGN JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS
The Issuers are public limited companies incorporated under the laws of Norway. The Guarantors are incorporated in Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden.
Many of our directors, officers and other executives are neither residents nor citizens of the United States. Furthermore, most of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon such persons or us or to enforce against them or us judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws despite the fact that, pursuant to the terms of the Indentures, we and the Guarantors have appointed, or will appoint, an agent for the service of process in New York. It may be possible for investors to effect service of process within Norway and Guarantor jurisdictions upon those persons or us or over our subsidiaries provided that The Hague Convention on the Service Abroad of Judicial and Extrajudicial Documents in Civil or Commercial Matters of November 15, 1965 is complied with.
If a judgment is obtained in a U.S. court against any of the Issuers or any Guarantor or any security provider, investors will need to enforce such judgment in jurisdictions where the relevant company has assets. Even though the enforceability of U.S. court judgments outside the United States is described below for the countries in which we and our Guarantors are located, you should consult with your own advisors in any pertinent jurisdictions as needed to enforce a judgment in those countries or elsewhere outside the United States.
Denmark
Pursuant to the provisions of the Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of December 22, 2000 on jurisdiction, recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, as amended (the ``Brussels I Regulation'') as amended by agreement between the European Community and the Kingdom of Denmark of 19 October 2005 as implemented in Denmark by Act No. 1563 of December 20, 2006 as amended, a judgment entered against a company in the courts of a Member State (as defined therein, i.e., all Member States of the EU) and which is enforceable in such a Member State will be directly enforceable in Denmark only upon the satisfaction of the following requirements: (a) that a motion for enforcement has been filed with and granted by the Danish Bailiff court as provided by law and has been granted and (b) that the formal requirements in the Brussels I Regulation have been fulfilled. However, upon an appeal against the declaration of enforceability pursuant to the Brussels I Regulation, the Danish bailiff court may stay the proceedings.
With regard to the provisions of the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters of October 30, 2007 (and any protocol and accession convention in respect thereof) (the ``Lugano Convention'') and the Executive Order no. 523 of May 28, 2013, according to which the Danish Act No. 1563 of December 20, 2006 applies to the Lugano Convention, a judgment entered against a company in the courts of a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention) and which is enforceable in such a state, will be directly enforceable in Denmark only upon the satisfaction of the following requirements: (a) that a motion for enforcement has been filed with the Danish bailiff court as provided by law and has been granted; and (b) that the formal requirements in the Lugano Convention have been fulfilled.
Judgments entered against any Danish party in the courts of a state which is not a member state under the terms of the Brussels I Regulation or a contracting state under the terms of the Lugano Convention (e.g., the United States) would not be recognized or enforceable in Denmark as a matter of law without retrial on the merits. If the party in whose favor the final judgment is rendered brings a new suit before a competent court in Denmark, the party may however submit to the Danish court the final judgment that has been rendered in the United States. As a starting point, a judgment by a court in the United States will be regarded by a court, administrative tribunal or executive or other public authority of Denmark only as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which the judgment relates, and a Danish court may choose to rehear the dispute ab initio. The parties must provide the Danish courts with satisfactory information about the contents of the relevant foreign law and, if they fail to do so, the Danish courts may apply Danish law instead.
Certain remedies available under United States law may not be allowed in Danish courts as contrary to Danish public policy, including, among others, punitive damages.
420

Finland
Pursuant to the provisions of the Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of December 22, 2000 on jurisdiction, recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, as amended (the ``Brussels I Regulation''), a judgment rendered against a company in the courts of a Member State of the EU and which is enforceable in such a Member State will be directly enforceable in Finland only upon the satisfaction of the following requirements: (a) that a motion for enforcement has been filed with and granted by the applicable district court (Fi: ka¨ra¨ja¨oikeus) as provided by law and has been granted and (b) that the formal requirements in the Brussels I Regulation have been fulfilled.
With regard to the provisions of the 1988 Lugano Convention on the Recognition of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters (the ``Lugano Convention''), a judgment rendered against a company in the courts of a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention) and which is enforceable in such a state, will be directly enforceable in Finland only upon the satisfaction of the following requirements: (a) that a motion for enforcement has been filed with the applicable district court as provided by law and has been granted; and (b) that the formal requirements in the Lugano Convention have been fulfilled.
Judgments entered against any Finnish party in the courts of a country which is not a member state under the terms of the Brussels I Regulation or a contracting state under the terms of the Lugano Convention would not be recognized or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without retrial on the merits. For example, there is currently no treaty on the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters between the United States and Finland and therefore, courts in Finland will not automatically recognize and enforce a final judgment rendered by a U.S. court. Under Finnish law, a Finnish title for execution (i.e., a Finnish court judgment) is required for such recognition and enforcement. If the party in whose favor the final judgment by a court in the United States is rendered brings a new suit before a competent court in Finland, the party may however submit to the Finnish court the final judgment that has been rendered in the United States. A judgment of a U.S. court would constitute circumstantial evidence of the questions of fact in the case concerned and evidence of the governing law as applied to the matter in dispute. The application by a Finnish court of foreign law in a matter brought before it is subject to (a) the foreign law not being contrary to such mandatory rules of Finnish law that due to their public nature or general interest would be considered applicable irrespective of the agreed choice of law; and (b) the application of the foreign law not resulting in an outcome contrary to the public policy of the Finnish legal system.
As to types of damages awarded, punitive or exemplary damages are unenforceable under Finnish law and a Finnish court may only award damages to the extent that they form compensation of actual losses and damages as proven by the claimant. A feature of the Finnish civil procedure is that the burden of proof with respect to any claims presented lies with the claimant. A party to legal proceedings in Finland is also ordinarily expected to plead its case primarily on the basis of the evidence in its own possession.
Germany
The United States and Germany do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for payment of money rendered by a federal or state court in the United States based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws, may not be enforceable, either in whole or in part, in Germany.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a final judgment for payment rendered by any federal or state court in the United States based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws, would generally be recognized by a German court upon all of the following:
· U.S. courts could take jurisdiction of the case in accordance with the principles on jurisdictional competence according to German law;
· the document introducing the proceedings was duly made known to the defendant in a timely manner that allowed for adequate defense;
· the judgment is not contrary to (i) any prior judgment which became res judicata rendered by a German court or (ii) any prior judgment which became res judicata rendered by a foreign court which is to be recognized in Germany and the procedure leading to the respective judgment is not in contradiction to any such prior judgment;
421

· the effects of its recognition will not be in conflict with material principles of German law, including, without limitation, fundamental rights under the constitution of Germany (Grundrechte). In this context, it should be noted that any component of a U.S. federal or state court civil judgment awarding punitive damages or any other damages which do not serve a compensatory purpose, such as treble damages, will not be enforced in Germany. They are regarded to be in conflict with material principles of German law;
· the reciprocity of enforcement of judgments is guaranteed; and
· the judgment became res judicata in accordance with the law of the place where it was pronounced.
Enforcement and foreclosure based on U.S. judgments may be sought against German defendants after having received an enforcement decision from a competent German court in accordance with the above principles. Subject to the foregoing, investors may be able to enforce judgments in Germany in civil and commercial matters obtained from U.S. federal or state courts. However, there can be no assurance that those judgments will be enforceable. In particular, the obligations need to be of a specific kind and type for which an enforcement procedure exists under German law. Enforcement is also subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, moratorium as well as other similar laws affecting creditor's rights generally.
Furthermore, German civil procedure differs substantially from U.S. civil procedure in a number of aspects. With respect to the production of evidence, for example, U.S. federal and state law and the laws of several other jurisdictions based on common law provide for pre-trial discovery, a process by which parties to the proceedings may, prior to trial, compel the production of documents by adverse or third parties and the deposition of witnesses. Evidence obtained in this manner may be decisive in the outcome of any proceeding. No such pre-trial discovery process exists under German law.
If the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered brings a new suit in a competent court in Germany, such party may submit to the German court the final judgment rendered in the United States. Under such circumstances, a judgment by a federal or state court of the United States will be regarded by a German court only as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which such judgment relates. A German court may choose to re-hear the dispute and may render a judgment not in line with the judgment rendered by a federal or state court of the United States.
The Netherlands
Certain of the Guarantors are incorporated under Dutch law (the ``Dutch Guarantors''). As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce judgments obtained in non-Dutch courts against the Dutch Guarantors.
The Netherlands does not currently have a treaty with the United States providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in any federal or state court in the United States based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws, would not automatically be recognized or enforceable in the Netherlands. In order to obtain a judgment which is enforceable in the Netherlands, the claim must be re-litigated before a competent Dutch court. A Dutch court will, under current practice, generally grant the same judgment without re-litigation on the merits (i) if that judgment results from legal proceedings compatible with Dutch notions of due process, (ii) if that judgment does not contravene public policy (openbare orde) of the Netherlands and (iii) if the jurisdiction of the relevant federal or state court in the United States has been based on internationally accepted principles of private international law.
Subject to the foregoing and provided that service of process occurs in accordance with applicable treaties, investors may be able to enforce in the Netherlands, judgments in civil and commercial matters obtained from U.S. federal or state courts. Moreover, a Dutch court may reduce the amount of damages granted by a U.S. court and recognise damages only to the extent that they are necessary to compensate actual losses or damages.
Enforcement and recognition of judgments of U.S. courts in the Netherlands are governed by the provisions of the Dutch Civil Procedure Code (Wetboek van Burgerlijke Rechtsvordering).
422

Norway
Norwegian courts will, as a general rule, not recognize or enforce judgments rendered by a foreign court unless Norway has entered into a bilateral or multilateral treaty with the relevant country or countries regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments and subject to the provisions of Section 19-16 of the Norwegian Dispute Act of 2005 No. 90 (Tvisteloven), (the ``Dispute Act''). Due to Lugano II, Norwegian courts will recognize as a valid judgment, and enforce, any final civil judgment obtained in a foreign court in a state that is a party to Lugano II, without a further examination of the merits of the case. The exceptions stated in Lugano II itself will apply.
If there is no treaty between Norway and the relevant jurisdiction regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments, or the relevant treaty is not applicable, a judgment rendered by a foreign court (e.g., the courts of United States) may nevertheless be recognized and enforced in Norway without further examination of the merits of the case, provided that the foreign proceedings and the judgment itself fulfil the conditions stated in the Norwegian Enforcement Act of 1992 No. 86 (Tvangsfullbyrdelsesloven) and the Dispute Act. Where a Norwegian party has accepted the jurisdiction of a foreign court in a written agreement, any judgment rendered pursuant to that agreement will be enforceable in Norway in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4-6 and 19-16 of the Dispute Act.
Sweden
The principal rule is that foreign judgments are neither recognized nor enforced in Sweden. The main exceptions from this principal rule are judgments pertaining to a civil or commercial matter (but not for example bankruptcy) pronounced by a court of another Member State of the EU (European Union) or EFTA (Economic Free Trade Association), or judgments pronounced by a court of another Nordic country.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of December 22, 2000 on jurisdiction, recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, as amended (the ``Brussels I Regulation''), a judgment pronounced by a court of a member state and which is enforceable in the country in which it was pronounced, will be directly enforceable in Sweden after a declaration of enforcement by the Svea Court of Appeal. The court does not examine the facts of the case, purely if the formal conditions for a declaration have been satisfied. Grounds to deny a declaration of enforcement may be that the judgments is in contradiction with Swedish public policy, it conflicts with a Swedish judgment between the same parties or that the matter tried is not within the scope of the Regulation. There are also limitations relating to default judgments. If an application of enforcement is granted by the court, the counterparty may apply to have the declaration of enforcement amended within one month from when the party was served with the declaration.
With regard to the provisions of the 1988 and 2007 Lugano Conventions on the Recognition of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters (the ``Lugano Convention''), a judgment pronounced by a court of a Contracting State (i.e. the European Union member states and the European Free Trade Association countries other than Liechtenstein (namely Iceland, Switzerland and Norway)) will be enforced in Sweden on similar grounds as under the Brussels I Regulation. Judgments which are not within the scope of the Brussel I Regulation or Lugano Convention would, with very limited exceptions, not be recognized or enforced in Sweden without a retrial on the merits. This would for example apply to judgments from United States and other non-EU/EFTA countries. In a Swedish trial, a judgment from a foreign court would be regarded as evidence.
However, there is Swedish case law indicating that judgments (i) which are based on a jurisdiction clause and tried by a competent court in accordance with such jurisdiction clause, (ii) which were rendered under observance of due process, (iii) against which there lies no further appeal and (iv) the recognition of which would not manifestly contravene Swedish public policy, could form the basis of a Swedish judgment without retrial on the merits. According to a Swedish Supreme Court case the Swedish court may, in such a proceeding, assess whether the jurisdiction clause validly appoints the foreign court, but has no obligation to assess the merits of the case. The exact scope of this principle has yet to be determined.
Spain
The following discussion with respect to the enforceability of certain U.S. court judgments in Spain is based upon advice provided to us by our Spanish legal advisers.
423

A final and conclusive judgment duly rendered by certain U.S. courts or any other appellate court in the United States would be enforceable in the competent courts of Spain, provided that prior to the time such U.S. court judgment is introduced into a Spanish court for enforcement, there is no material contradiction or incompatibility with a judgment rendered or judicial proceedings outstanding in Spain, in accordance with Article 523.2 and the Derogation Provision of the current Civil Procedural Law and subject to the former Civil Procedural Law of 1881, the substantive provisions of which are found in Articles 951 to 958, both inclusive. Such provisions and the case law set forth that any final judgment rendered outside Spain may be enforced in Spain in three different situations: (i) in the cases and in accordance with the provisions of any applicable treaty; (ii) in the absence of any such treaty, in case it is alleged and proved that the jurisdiction where the foreign judgment was given recognizes Spanish judgments on a reciprocal basis when the requirements established in such foreign jurisdiction for the recognition of Spanish judgments are complied with and provided that some minimal conditions are met (inter alia, that the matter is not subject to Spanish exclusive jurisdiction for certain matters, does not infringe Spanish public policy and is not in contradiction with a previous Spanish judgment); and (iii) in the absence of an applicable treaty and when the positive reciprocity has not been evidenced, in those cases in which the judgment given in the foreign jurisdiction complies with the requirements set forth in article 954 of the Civil Procedural Law of 1881 which are that (a) the judgment has been rendered as a result of an action ``in personam'' (as opposed to an action ``in rem''); (b) the defendant has been properly served with the originating process; (c) the obligation to be enforced is legal under Spanish law; (d) the documentation prepared for the purpose of requesting the enforcement meets all requirements under the law of the United States in order to be considered an authentic judgment and it also meets all requirements under the laws of Spain; and (e) it is not evidenced that a Spanish judgment would not be recognized by and would not be enforceable in the relevant jurisdiction of the United States on a reciprocal basis. Since there is no applicable treaty between Spain and the United States, unless the conditions under (ii) above are met and, in accordance with certain court precedents, even if these conditions are met, the conditions referred to in (iii) above will have to be satisfied in order to enforce a judgment of a U.S. court in Spain.
424

THE ISSUERS
The Issuers are private limited liability companies under the laws of Norway, having their registered office at c/o Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS, Ruseløkkveien 26, 0251 Oslo.
The persons set forth below are the current members and addresses of each of the Issuer's Board of Directors.

Name
Martin Bjørklund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Henrik Bakken . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Address
Elisenbergveien 24A 0256, Oslo, Norway Elisenbergveien 19B, 0256 Oslo, Norway

There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuers of the directors of the Issuers listed above and their private interests and/or duties.

The audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, as well as the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, are included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.

425

AVAILABLE INFORMATION Each purchaser of Notes from an Initial Purchaser will be furnished a copy of this Offering Memorandum and any related amendments or supplements to this Offering Memorandum. Each person receiving this Offering Memorandum and any related amendments or supplements to this Offering Memorandum acknowledges that: (1) such person has been afforded an opportunity to request from us and to review, and has received,
all additional information considered by it to be necessary to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information herein; (2) such person has not relied on the Initial Purchasers or any person affiliated with the Initial Purchasers in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision; and (3) except as provided pursuant to clause (1) above, no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation concerning the Notes or each Guarantee offered hereby other than those contained herein and, if given or made, such other information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by either us or the Initial Purchasers. For so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding and are ``restricted securities'' within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the U.S. Securities Act, we will, during any period in which we are not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) under the U.S. Exchange Act, nor exempt from reporting thereunder pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b), make available to any holder or beneficial holder of a Note, or to any prospective purchaser of a Note designated by such holder or beneficial holder, the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the U.S. Securities Act upon the written request of any such holder or beneficial owner. We are not currently subject to the periodic reporting and other information requirements of the U.S. Exchange Act. Pursuant to the Indenture that will govern the Notes, we will agree to furnish periodic information to the holders of the Notes. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Certain Covenants--Reports'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Certain Covenants--Reports.'' So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on and to listing on the Irish Stock Exchange's Global Exchange Market, and the rules and regulations of such stock exchange so require, copies of such information will also be available for review during normal business hours on any business day at the registered office of the Issuers.
426

LISTING AND GENERAL INFORMATION
Listing Information
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market and, within six months of the Issue Date, for the NOK Floating Rate Notes to be admitted to the Oslo Børs, in accordance with the rules and regulations of such exchange. The estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange is e5,000.
The Issuers have appointed Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited as Listing Agent, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as Euro Senior Secured Notes Registrar and Senior Notes Registrar and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as Transfer Agent and Principal Paying Agent for the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes. The Issuers reserve the right to vary such appointment and will publish notice of such change of appointment on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie). If you wish to contact the Issuers by phone, please call +44 1534 605100.
The Issuers have appointed, Nordea Bank Norge ASA, as Registrar, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as Transfer Agent and Nordea Bank Norge ASA as Paying Agent for the NOK Floating Rate Notes. The Issuers reserve the right to vary such appointment and will publish notice of such change of appointment on the website of the Oslo Børs. So long as the Notes are listed on the Oslo Børs and so long as the rules and regulations of such stock exchange require, the Issuers will maintain a paying and transfer agent in Oslo.
It is expected that the Senior Notes Issuer will be the reporting entity for filing financials.

Clearing Information
The Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A of the U.S. Securities Act and the Euro-denominated Notes and the SEK Floating Rate Notes sold pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of Clearstream and Euroclear and have been assigned the common codes and International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs) set out below:

Euro Floating Rate Notes Rule 144A Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Regulation S Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Euro Fixed Rate Notes Rule 144A Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Regulation S Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Euro Senior Notes Rule 144A Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Regulation S Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . SEK Floating Rate Notes Rule 144A Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Regulation S Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

ISIN

Common code

XS1094672430 109467243 XS1094672273 109467227
XS1094668321 109466832 XS1094612378 109461237
XS1094675706 109467570 XS1094674642 109467464
XS1095534415 109553441 XS1095534175 109553417

The NOK Floating Rate Notes sold pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of VPS and have been assigned the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) set out below.

ISIN
NOK Floating Rate Notes Regulation S Global Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . No 0010715808

Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issuance of the Notes
Save as discussed in ``Plan of Distribution,'' so far as the Issuers are aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to such offer.

427

Incorporation of the Issuers
The Senior Secured Notes Issuer changed its name to Lock AS on July 15, 2014, and is a company formed under the laws of Norway on May 22, 2014 with registration number 913 741 102. The registered office of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer is is c/o Advokatfirmaet Wiershaolm AS, Ruseløkkveien 26, 0251, Norway. The Senior Secured Notes Issuer is an indirect subsidiary of Nordic Capital Fund VIII.
The Senior Notes Issuer changed its name to Lock Lower Holding AS on July 15, 2014, and is a company formed under the laws of Norway on May 22, 2014 with registration number 913 741 110. The registered office of the Senior Notes Issuer is c/o Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS, Ruseløkkveien 26, 0251 Oslo, Norway. The Senior Notes Issuer is an indirect subsidiary of Nordic Capital Fund VIII.
If you wish to contact the Issuers by phone, please call +44 1534 605100.
Consents and Authorizations
We have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in the applicable jurisdictions of incorporation of each of the Issuers and the Guarantors in connection with the issuance and performance of the Notes and the Guarantees.
Available Information
For so long as the Notes remain listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange's Global Exchange Market and the rules and regulations of such exchange require, copies of the following documents in English and electronic form may be inspected and obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Issuers during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted):
(1) the articles of association or other organizational documents, applicable, of the Issuers and the Guarantors;
(2) the financial statements included in this Offering Memorandum;
(3) the annual and interim financial statements required to be provided under ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Certain Covenants--Reports'' and ``Description of the Senior Notes--Certain Covenants--Reports'';
(4) the historical financial statements for Indif AB, Lindorff Institutional Management AB and Lindorff Co-Invest AB will be made available in Swedish only for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011;
(5) the Indentures;
(6) the Intercreditor Agreement; and
(7) the security documents governing the Collateral.
Financial Year and Accounts
Each Issuer's financial year begins on January 1 and ends on December 31 of each year. Lindorff AB prepares and publishes annual audited financial statements. Lindorff AB intends to publish any interim reports quarterly. Any future published financial statements prepared by Lindorff AB will be available during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the offices of the Issuers.
Offering Memorandum
Except as disclosed in this Offering Memorandum:
· there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since December 31, 2013, the date of the Group's most recent audited consolidated financial statements;
· there has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Group since June 30, 2014, the date of the Group's most recent unaudited interim consolidated financial statements; and
· other than as described herein, neither the Issuers nor the Group has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including such proceedings which are pending or
428

threatened) of which the Issuers and Group is aware, during the last 12 months, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects upon the financial position or profitability of the Issuers or the Group.
We accept responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Memorandum. To our best knowledge, the information contained in this Offering Memorandum is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of this Offering Memorandum. No person is authorized in connection with the offering made pursuant to this Offering Memorandum to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Offering Memorandum, and, if given or made, any other information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us or the Initial Purchasers. This Offering Memorandum may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.
The language of this Offering Memorandum is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable laws.
Any websites mentioned in this Offering Memorandum do not form part of this Offering Memorandum.
Guarantors Accounting for over 20% of EBITDA or Net Assets
As required by the Irish Stock Exchange, the following constitutes a list of guarantors accounting for over 20% of consolidated EBITDA or consolidated net assets of the Company.
· Lindorff Holding GmbH: Represents approximately e28.3 million or approximately 20% of consolidated EBITDA and approximately e33.6 million or approximately 1% of total net assets. This entity was incorporated on November 29, 2006. The registered office for this entity is Donnersbergstraße 1, 64646 Heppenheim, Germany and the registration number is HRB 88008. The purpose of this business is to purchase and sell of shares in companies and evaluating, purchasing and selling of receivables of any type. Acquisitions of portfolios are one of the entity's main businesses and this entity holds the largest portfolio of non-performing loans of all of the guarantors, but we do not believe and are not aware at this time of any specific risk related to this entity that could materially affect its ability to meet its obligations under the guarantee or of any risks specific to this entity that could impact on its guarantee. We are not aware at this time of any encumbrances on the assets of this entity.
· Lindorff AB: Represents approximately e(70.6) thousand or approximately 0% of consolidated EBITDA and approximately e718.6 million or approximately 20% of total net assets. This entity was incorporated on November 8, 2006. The registered office for this entity is Kungsgatan 57A, 111 22 Stockholm, Sweden and the registration number is 556714-9413. The purpose of this business is to, directly or indirectly, own and manage real and movable property, shares and securities and to conduct any other business related thereto. This entity is a holding company and its only activities are investments in and loans to subsidiaries. We are not aware at this time of any encumbrances on the assets of this entity that could materially affect its ability to meet its obligations under the guarantee or of any risks specific to this entity that could impact on its guarantee.
· Lindorff Second Holding AB: Represents approximately e(10.2) thousand or approximately 0% of consolidated EBITDA and approximately e700.8 million or approximately 20% of total net assets. This entity was incorporated on November 7, 2006. The registered office for this entity is Kungsgatan 57A, 111 22 Stockholm, Sweden and the registration number is 556714-9355. The purpose of this business is to, directly or indirectly, own and manage real and movable property, shares and securities and to conduct any other business related thereto. This entity is a holding company and its only activities are investments in and loans to subsidiaries. Please note that there is a share pledge from Lindorff Second Holding AB. Aside from the share pledge, we are not aware at this time of any encumbrances on the assets of this entity that could materially affect its ability to meet its obligations under the guarantee. We are not aware of any risks specific to this entity that could impact on its guarantee.
· Lindorff Group AB: Represents approximately e(1.0) million or approximately (1)% of consolidated EBITDA and approximately e861.2 million or approximately 24% of total net assets. This entity was incorporated on February 13, 2007. The registered office for this entity is Kungsgatan 57A, 111 22 Stockholm, Sweden and the registration number is 556723-5956. The purpose of this business is to, directly or indirectly, own and manage real and movable property, shares and securities and to
429

conduct any other business related thereto. We are not aware at this time of any encumbrances on the assets of this entity that could materially affect its ability to meet its obligations under the guarantee or of any risks specific to this entity that could impact on its guarantee. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange or to trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange.
430

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Page
Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Six Months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013 for Lindorff AB, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union
Consolidated Income Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-2 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-2 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-3 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-4 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-5 Income Statement Parent Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-6 Parent Company Statement of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-6 Statement of Financial Position Parent Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-7 Notes to the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-8 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 for Lindorff AB, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union Auditor's Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-12 Consolidated Income Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-13 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-13 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-14 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-15 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-16 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-17
F-1

Consolidated Income statement

EURm
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee benefit expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortisation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . Net financial items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit (loss) before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit (loss) for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Apr-Jun 2014
115 37
8 5 19 3
43 19
24 6
18

Apr-Jun 2013
118 39
9 5 20 2
43 43
1 0
1

Jan-Jun 2014
226 82 17
9 41
7
70 43
27 7
20

Jan-Jun 2013
226 85 18
9 39
4
71 88
17 3
14

Jan-Dec 2013
447 170
35 19 83 10
130 127
3 21
18

Profit (loss) attributable to:

Owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

18

Non-controlling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

Profit (loss)for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

18

1

20 14 18

0

0

0

0

1

20 14 18

Earnings per share

Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share (euro) . . . 0.04 0.00 0.04 0.06 0.05

Average numbers of shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

490

214

490

214

352

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

EURm
Profit for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Apr-Jun 2014
18

Apr-Jun 2013
1

Jan-Jun 2014
20

Jan-Jun 2013
14

Jan-Dec 2013
18

Other comprehensive income:

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements of post-employment benefit

obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

0

Items that may be subsequently reclassified to

profit or loss

Currency translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 13

Total comprehensive income for the period . . . . . .

9 12

--

1

1

5

5 26

15 18 46

Attributable to: Owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9 12

15 18 46

F-2

Consolidated Statement of financial position

EURm
ASSETS Fixtures and furnitures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchased debt (or loans and receivables) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

30 Jun 2014
10 77 780 760 10
4
1 641
15 0
33 35 60
144
1 785

30 Jun 2013
5 23 804 674 21
2
1 531
20 5
34 29 53
140
1 671

31 Dec 2013
6 69 782 675
9 3
1 544
17 5
35 45 52
154
1 697

EQUITY Share capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Share premium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5 742 208
539

2 212 194
20

5 742 223
524

Liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Financial derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

588 146 173
1 10
9 4
932
22 182
35 9
66
314
1 246
1 785

544 663 151
4 9 20 5
1 396
24 162
29 2
39
256
1 651
1 671

563 137 161
2 9 9 3
885
23 130
45 22 69
289
1 174
1 697

F-3

Consolidated Statement of changes in equity

EURm
Beginning balance, 1 January . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net income for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other comprehensive income for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total comprehensive income for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Capital increase/conversion of shareholder loans 1 July 2013 . . . . . . . .
Ending balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Jan-Jun 2014
524 20 5
15 0
539

Jan-Jun 2013
37 14
5
18 0
20

Jan-Dec 2013
37 18 27
46 533
524

F-4

Consolidated Statement of cash flow

EURm
Operating activities: Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . Amortisation, depreciation and impairment . . . . . . . Amortisation and revaluation of Purchased debt . . . . Adjustment for non-cash items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest received . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Corporate Income tax paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flow from changes in working capital: Decrease/increase in accounts receivable . . . . . . . . Decrease/increase in other receivables . . . . . . . . . . Decrease/increase in accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . Decrease/increase in other current liabilities . . . . . . . Decrease/increase in restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flow (used in)/from operating activities . . . .

Apr-Jun 2014
43 3
29 0
0 10
3
62
0 11 3 8
0 62

Apr-Jun 2013
43 2
27 0 0
10 3
60
1 5
3 19
0 42

Jan-Jun 2014
70 7
53 0 0
20 15
95
1 1 1 4 0 92

Jan-Jun 2013
71 4
54 0 0
21 5
114
3 2 9 10
0 90

Jan-Dec 2013
130 10
116 2
1 42
5
218
0 4 10 20 2 222

Investment activities: Acquisition/disposal of subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acquisition of tangible fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acquisition of intangible fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . Acquisition of loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flow (used in)/from investing activities . . . .

0 3 13 98
114

1 0 3 56
58

0 4 16 143
163

1 1 4 95
99

1 3 56 167
224

Financing activities: Increase in long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Increase in short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortisation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flow (used in)/from financing activities . . . .

111 0
39
71

47 0
36
11

145 0
67
78

66 0
63
3

132 0
131
1

Cash flow for the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

19 5

8 6

2

Currency effect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

4

0 1

6

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the

period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

41

54

52

60

60

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period . . . . .

60

53

60

53

52

F-5

Income Statement Parent Company

EURm
Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Jan-Jun 2014
0
0

Jan-Jun 2013
0
0

Jan-Dec 2013
0
0

Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14 19
5

39 52
13

53 71
18

Profit before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 13 18

Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

0

0

Profit for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 13 18

Profit for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 13 18

Parent Company statement of comprehensive income

Profit for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5

Other comprehensive income:

Currency translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

Total comprehensive income for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5

13
0 0 13

18
0 0 18

F-6

Statement of Financial Position Parent Company

EURm
ASSETS Investment in subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Long-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

30 Jun 2014
702 278 980
15 2
16 996

30 Jun 2013
322 605 927
40 2
42 968

31 Dec 2013
702 278 980
1 2 2 982

EQUITY Share Capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total restricted capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Share Premium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total non-restricted capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5
5 742 33
709
714

2
2 212 24
188
190

5
5 742 28
714
719

LIABILITIES Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 108 628 102 Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 174 151 161

Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 282 778 263

Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

0

0

Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 282 778 263

Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 996 968 982

Pledged assets (shares in subsidiaries) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 702 322 702

F-7

Notes Note 1--Accounting Principles As in the annual accounts for 2013, Lindorff First Holding AB consolidated financial statements of and for the six months period ended 30 June 2014 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union, as well as RFR 1 Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the cost method, and derivative instruments are measured at fair value through profit or loss. The parent company's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act as well as standard RFR 2 Accounting for Legal Entities. This interim report has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting. The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year. The Parent Company's functional currency is euro (EUR), which is also the reporting currency for the Parent Company and for the group. The consolidated financial statements are presented in EUR and all values are rounded to the nearest million (EURm) except when otherwise indicated. The consolidated and parent company accounts pertain to 1 January to 30 June for income statements and 30 June for items on the statements of financial position. The interim report is unaudited, however the company's auditors have performed a limited review.
F-8

Notes

Note 2--Operating segments

EURm
Revenue from external customers Debt Purchasing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Debt Collection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Apr-Jun 2014
53 58
4 115

Apr-Jun 2013
54 59
5 118

Jan-Jun 2014
104 113
8 226

Jan-Jun 2013
100 117
9 226

Full year 2013
200 228
19 447

Inter-segment revenue Debt Purchasing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Debt Collection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Elimination . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Earnings per segment Debt Purchasing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Debt Collection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0 23
0 23
29 37
1 66

0 21
0 21
31 37
1 69

0 45
0 45
56 65
1 122

0 40
0 40
56 67
1 125

0 84
0 84
109 128
3 240

Unallocated cost SG&A . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . IT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other not allocated expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciaton and amortisation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net financial Items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11 7 3 3
19
24

12 9 3 2
43
1

23 16
7 7 43
27

25 19
6 4 88
17

49 38 12 10 127
3

Purchased loans and receivables Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortisation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Portfolio acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Divestment and disposals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Effect of change in FX rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ending balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

700 30
1 94 0 5
760

660 27
0 60 5 13
674

675 55
2 144 1 4
760

658 55
0 84 5 8
674

658 116
1 154 5 16
676

Average carrying value of purchased debt . . . . . . . . 730 667 717 666

667

Return in Debt Purchasing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15.7% 18.3% 15.7% 16.8% 16.3%

F-9

Notes

Note 3--Fair value of financial assets and liabilities

EURm
Financial assets at amortised cost Loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term financial assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Book value
30 Jun 30 Jun 2014 2013

760 674

4

2

15

20

22

22

60

53

862 771

Fair value*

30 Jun 30 Jun

FV-

2014 2013 hierarchy

902 815

3

4

2

3

15

20

3

22

22

3

60

53

1003 912

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4

5

4

5

2

Convertibles Coinvest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15

14

15

13

3

Other financial liabilities

Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 588 544 588 544

2

Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 146 663 146 663

3

Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 158 138 158 138

3

Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

22

24

22

24

3

Short-term loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 142 152 142 152

2

Other short-term financial liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

45

19

45

19

3

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 120 1 558 1 120 1 558

* See Annual Report 2013 for description of calculation of fair value.
Note 4--Events after the end of the period 10 July 2014: The parent company Lindorff First Holding AB changed name to Lindorff AB.
18 July 2014: Altor and Investor agreed to sell the majority of Lindorff to Nordic Capital Fund VIII. Investor and Altor will retain only a minority holding in Lindorff. The transaction is subject to approval from the relevant competition authorities and is expected to be completed during the fourth quarter 2014.

F-10

Notes
Note 4--Events after the end of the period (Continued) Definitions and abbreviations Definitions
Adjusted EBITDA--EBITDA adjusted for amortisation and revaluation of portfolios of purchased loans and receivables Direct opex--Operational expenses related to collection activities, excluding SG&A and IT cost ERC--Estimated Remaining Collections next 180 months on purchased loans and receivables in Debt Purchasing Intercompany Revenue--Commission to the Debt Collection segment from the Debt Purchasing segment Investments in Debt Purchasing--Acquisitions of non-performing loans and receivables NIBD/EBITDA--Net interest bearing debt divided by Adjusted EBITDA LTM Portfolio revaluation--Change in carrying value of purchased loans and receivables due to changed collection forecasts Return in Debt Purchasing--Annualised segment earning in % of average book value of Purchased loans and receivables Segment earnings--EBITDA excluding SG&A and IT cost Segment earnings Debt Collection--Includes earnings from collection on own portfolios and third party debt
Abbreviations
3PC--Third Party Collection CAGR--Compounded Annual Growth Rate Constant Currency--Fixed currency rates for comparable reporting periods EBITDA--Earnings Before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortisation FTE--Full Time Equivalent employees IRR--Internal Rate of Return NIBD--Net Interest Bearing Debt NPL--Non Performing Loan LTM--Last Twelve Months
Other information Contact info Visiting Address Headquarters: Lindorff Group Hoffsveien 70b 0377 Oslo Norway Switchboard: +47 2321 1100
F-11

20JUL201405363662
Auditor's report To the shareholders of Lindorff First Holding AB, corporate identity number 556714-9413 Report on the consolidated accounts We have audited the consolidated accounts of Lindorff First Holding AB for the years 2013, 2012 and 2011. The consolidated accounts of the company are included in the printed version of this document on pages F-15-F-70.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the consolidated accounts The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated accounts in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors and the Managing Director determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated accounts that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor's responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated accounts based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated accounts are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated accounts. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated accounts, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the company's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated accounts in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the Board of Directors and the Managing Director, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated accounts. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions.
Opinions In our opinion, the consolidated accounts present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the group as at 31 December 2013, 2012 and 2011 and of their financial performance, change in equity and cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU.
Stockholm 30 April, 2014
24JUL201406403538
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB
Michael Bengtsson Authorized Public Accountant
F-12

Consolidated Income Statement

EURm
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee benefit expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortisation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit and loss before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit and loss for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit (loss) attributable to: Owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Non-controlling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit and loss for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Earnings per share Basic earnings/(loss) per share (euro) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (euro) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Note
5 5 6 7 11,12 8 8
9
10 10

Year ended 31 December

2013

2012

2011

447 0
447 170
35 19 83 10

425 0
425 167
34 19 79
9

386 15
401 156
35 18 67
9

130 117 115

1 128
127

2 153
151

1 146
146

3 34 31

21 18

15 19

7 24

18 0
18

19 0
19

24 0
24

0,05 0,09 0,11 0,05 0,09 0,11

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

EURm
Profit (loss) for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other comprehensive income: Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurements of post employment benefit obligations gain(+)/loss () . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Currency translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax . . . . . . . Total comprehensive income for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Attributable to: Owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total comprehensive Income for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Year ended 31 December

2013

2012

2011

18 19 24

27

1

26 28 46

46 46

5

3

12

2

17 1

2 25

2 25 2 25

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-13

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

EURm
ASSETS Fixtures and furnitures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EQUITY Share Capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Share Premium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity attributable to owners of the Company . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Financial derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes
11 12 13 15
9 16
17 9
18
19
20 20
24 24 24 25 27
9 26
22 24
9 23

As at 31 December 2013 2012 2011

6 69 782 675
9 3
1 544
17 5
35 45 52
154
1 697

6 23 825 658 17
3
1 532
17 13 31 28 60
150
1 682

8 17 784 525
6 6
1 347
19 2
29 22 49
120
1 467

5 742 223
524
524

2 212 177
37
37

2 212 175
39
39

563 137 161
2 9 9 3
885
23 130
45 22 69
289
1 174
1 697

587 619 140
11 12 14
6
1 390
33 125
28 6
64
256
1 645
1 682

514 540 121
1 19 13
9
1 218
29 116
22 2
42
211
1 428
1 467

As at 1 January
2011
9 13 776 497 19
9
1 323
16 4
36 35 93
184
1 506
2 212 150
64
64
563 472 103
3 15 36 14
1 206
36 67 35
7 91
236
1 443
1 506

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-14

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity

EURm
Balance as at 1 January 2011 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/loss for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other comprehensive income for the year: Remeasurements of post employment benefit
obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total comprehensive income for the year . . . . . . . . . .
Balance as at 31 December 2011 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance as at 1 December 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/loss for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other comprehensive income for the year: Remeasurements of post employment benefit
obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total comprehensive income for the year . . . . . . . . . .
Balance as at 31 December 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance as at 1 January 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit/foss for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other comprehensive income for the year. Remeasurements of post employment benefit
obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total comprehensive income for the year . . . . . . . . . . Capital increase/(reduction) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance as at 31 December 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes
27 27 27

Share capital
2
0 2 2
0 2 2 0
0 3 5

Share premium
212
0 212 212
0 212 212
0
0 530 742

Retained earnings
150 24
3 2
25 175 175
19
5 12 2 177 177 18
1 27 47
0 223

Total equity
64 24
3 2
25 39 39
19
5 12 2 37 37 18
1 27 47 533 524

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-15

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

EURm
Cash flows from operating activities: Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Non-cash items: Gain from sale of subsidiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortisation, depreciation and impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash Items: Amortisation of purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest received . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Corporate income tax paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Adjustments for other non-cash items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from operating activities before changes in working capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from changes in working capital: Decrease/increase in accounts receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Decrease/increase in other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Decrease/increase in accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Decrease/increase in other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Decrease/increase in restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash generated from operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition/disposal of subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acquisition of tangible fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acquisition of intangible fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acquisition of financial assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net increase in short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortisation long-term debts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortisation short-term debts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dividend (paid)/received . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash used in financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . .
Currency effect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes
11,12 15 15 8 9
17 18 22 23
31 11 12
24 23
19 19

Year ended 31 December

2013

2012

2011

130 117 115

0

0 15

10

9

9

1 1 2

116 1
42 5
2

113 1
51 3 0

93 1
49 8 3

218 185 142

0 4 10 20 2
222

3 5

2

9

3 10

3 47

0

0

186

89

1 3 56 167
224

12 2 9
212
237

5 4 7 114
119

132 0
131 0 0
1
2
6 60
52

181 8 0
124 0
65
14
3 49
60

603 108 619 105 1
14
44
0 93
49

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-16

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
1 General information
The parent company Lindorff First Holding AB is a registered company domiciled in Stockholm, Sweden with office address at Kungsgatan 57A, P.O. Box 47292, SE-100 74 Stockholm, Sweden.
Lindorff First Holding AB (the company) and its subsidiaries (together the group) have two core business segments; Debt Purchasing and Debt Collection. The Debt Purchasing segment consists of the acquisition, management and collection of unsecured non-performing loans. The Third Party Debt Collection segment consists of contingency collection for various clients. Other services include invoice and loan administration.
The group has offices in 11 countries--Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Russia and the Baltic States (Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania).
The consolidated financial statements of the group for the year ended 31 December 2013 were authorized for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on 30 April 2014 and will be presented to the Annual General Meeting in May 2014.
2 Summary of significant accounting policies
2.1 Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements of Lindorff First Holding AB and all its subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as approved by the EU and interpretations set by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the annual accounts act. The Parent Company applies RFR 2 hence the same accounting principles as the group except in the cases stated in the section ``Parent Company accounting principles''.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the group's accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 3.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for financial derivatives that have been measured at fair value through profit or loss.
The Parent Company's functional currency is in euro (EUR), which is also the presentation currency for the Parent Company and for the group. The consolidated financial statements are presented in EUR and all values are rounded to the nearest million (EURm) except when otherwise indicated. The consolidated and parent company accounts pertain to January 1 to December 31 for income statements and December 31 for items on the statements of financial position.
The policies set out below have been consistently applied to all the years presented unless otherwise stated.
2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures
For all periods up to and including the year ended 31 December 2012, the group prepared its financial statements in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the general recommendations of the Swedish Accounting Standards Board. These financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 are the first the group has prepared in accordance with IFRS.
The group has adopted all new and revised standards and interpretations issued by IASB and IFRIC and approved by EU if relevant to the business and come into force for the accounting year starting 1 January 2013. The group has decided against early application of any new or amended accounting recommendations or interpretations that enter into force in or after 2014.
The following standards have been adopted by the group for the first time for the financial year beginning on or after 1 January 2013 and have had an impact on the group:
Amendment to IAS 1'Financial statement presentation' regarding other comprehensive income. The main change resulting from these amendments is a requirement for entities to group items presented in
F-17

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
`other comprehensive income' (OCI) on the basis of whether they are potentially reclassifiable to profit or loss subsequently (reclassification adjustments).
IAS 19, `Employee benefits' was revised in June 2011. The changes on the group's accounting policies has been as follows: to immediately recognise all past service costs; and to replace interest cost and expected return on plan assets with a net interest amount that is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability (asset). Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability or asset, comprising actuarial gains and losses, return on plan assets and some changes in the effect of the assets ceiling are recognised in other comprehensive income.
IFRS 13, `Fair value measurement', aims to improve consistency and reduce complexity by providing a precise definition of fair value and a single source of fair value measurement and disclosure requirements for use across IFRSs.
A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2013, and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements. None of these is expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of the group. Below is a short description of the new standards and interpretations:
IFRS 9, `Financial instruments', addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. IFRS 9 was issued in November 2009 and October 2010. It replaces the parts of IAS 39 that relate to the classification and measurement of financial instruments. IFRS 9 requires financial assets to be classified into two measurement categories: those measured as at fair value and those measured at amortised cost. The determination is made at initial recognition.
The classification depends on the entity's business model for managing its financial instruments and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the instrument. For financial liabilities, the standard retains most of the IAS 39 requirements. The main change is that, in cases where the fair value option is taken for financial liabilities, the part of a fair value change due to an entity's own credit risk is recorded in other comprehensive income rather than the income statement, unless this creates an accounting mismatch. The group is yet to assess IFRS 9's full impact. The group will also consider the impact of the remaining phases of IFRS 9 when completed by the Board
IFRS 10, `Consolidated financial statements' builds on existing principles by identifying the concept of control as the determining factor in whether an entity should be included within the consolidated financial statements of the parent company. The standard provides additional guidance to assist in the determination of control where this is difficult to assess.
IFRS 11, `Joint arrangements' focuses on the rights and obligations of the parties to the arrangement rather than its legal form. There are two types of joint arrangements: joint operations and joint ventures. Joint operations arise where the investors have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of an arrangement. A joint operator accounts for its share of the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Joint ventures arise where the investors have rights to the net assets of the arrangement; joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method. Proportional consolidation of joint arrangements is no longer permitted
IFRS 12, `Disclosures of interests in other entities' includes the disclosure requirements for all forms of interests in other entities, including joint arrangements, associates, structured entities and other off balance sheet vehicles.
IFRIC 21, `Levies', sets out the accounting for an obligation to pay a levy that is not income tax. The interpretation addresses what the obligating event is that gives raise to pay a levy and when should a liability be recognised. The group is not currently subject to significant levies so the impact on the group is not material.
2.2 Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the group and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2013.
F-18

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date when such control ceases. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company, using consistent accounting policies. All intra-group balances, transactions, unrealized gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions and dividends are eliminated in full.
Total comprehensive income within a subsidiary is attributed to the non-controlling interest even if it results in a deficit balance.
Subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Lindorff First Holding AB and entities where the group has controlling interest (subsidiaries). Controlling interest is achieved when the Company has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of an entity so as to obtain benefits from its activities. The Company obtains and exercises control through direct or indirect voting rights. Controlling interest will normally exist when the Company has voting rights of more than 50% through ownership or agreements.
The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting year as the parent company, using consistent accounting policies. These financial statements are for consolidation purposes restated to IFRS. The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated income statement from the date of control is obtained and until the control ceases. Intercompany transactions, balances, revenues and expenses are eliminated in consolidation. This also applies for unrealized internal gains and losses.
The group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.
Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the fair value of non-controlling interest over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If this consideration is lower than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognised in profit or loss.
There is a reassessment of the allocation of the acquisition price within 12 months after the acquisition date when the initial accounting for a business combination can be determined only provisionally.
Associates
The group applies IAS 28 Investment in Associates. Associated companies are companies in which Lindorff directly or indirectly holds at least 20% of the votes through its combined shareholdings or in which it otherwise has a significant influence.
In the consolidated accounts, holdings in associated companies are recognised in accordance with the equity method; hence the holding is recognised at cost at the acquisition date and adjusted in line with the group's share of changes in the associated company's net assets. The value of the holdings includes goodwill from the time of acquisition less accumulated impairment. The group's share of the associated company's profit or loss is recognised as income in the group's income statement. The accumulated share of retained earnings in associated companies is recognised as equity method reserves under reserves in the consolidated balance sheet. Unrealised intercompany gains are eliminated with the share representing the group's share of the company.
F-19

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
2.3 Segment reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the CEO. The operating businesses are organised and managed separately according to the nature of the products and services provided, with each segment representing a strategic business unit that offers different products and serves different markets.
The group is organised in two main operating segments: Debt Purchasing and Debt Collection. The Debt Purchasing segment consists of acquisition and management of mainly unsecured non-performing loans and receivables. The Debt Collection segment consists of collection for various clients and on portfolios of loans and receivables owned by Debt Purchasing.
The Other group segment relates to the remaining head office expenses and amortisation of intangible assets, as well as revenues not related to the operating segments.
The geographical areas specified represent 10% or more of the total revenue from external customers.
2.4 Foreign currency translation
The consolidated financial statements are presented in EUR, which is the group's presentation currency.
Items included in the financial statements of each of the group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (``the functional currency'').
The results and financial position of all group entities that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
a) assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented (i.e. including comparatives) are translated at the closing rate at the date of the financial position;
b) income and expenses for each income statement (i.e. including comparatives) are translated at average exchange rates and
c) all exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency rate at the date of the transaction or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at the year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the income statement. Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents are presented in income statement within ``finance income or costs''. Foreign exchange gains and losses on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities such as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.
2.5 Tangible assets
Tangible assets are recognised at cost, excluding the costs of day-to-day servicing, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment. Such cost includes the cost of replacing part of such tangible assets when that cost is incurred if the recognition criteria are met. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the assets. The useful lives of tangible assets, machinery and fixtures are three to five years.
The carrying value of tangible assets is reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
F-20

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
An item of tangible assets is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the income statement in the year the asset is derecognised.
The asset's residual values, useful lives and methods are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial year-end.
2.6 Intangible assets
(a) Goodwill
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the group's interest in net fair value of the net identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquiree and the fair value of the non-controlling interest in the acquiree.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the group's cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. The operating segment level is Debt Purchasing and Debt Collection. However, when acquiring a company a PPA is prepared and the fair value of assets and liabilities are allocated to the different assets. Loans and receivables are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. It has therefore been concluded that the goodwill is allocated in full to the Debt Collection segment.
Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.
(b) Other Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. The group's intangible assets are assessed to be finite except goodwill. Intangible assets with finite lives are mainly amortised on a straight-line basis over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year-end. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in the income statement as an expense and included in ``Amortisation of intangible fixed assets''.
(c) Internally developed software
Costs associated with maintaining computer software programs are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs that are directly attributable to the design and testing of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the group are recognised as intangible assets when the following criteria are met:
­ it is technically feasible to complete the software product so that it will be available for use;
­ management intends to complete the software product and use it:
­ there is an ability to use or sell the software product;
F-21

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
­ it can be demonstrated how the software product will generate probable future economic benefits:
­ adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the software product are available; and the expenditure attributable to the software product during its development can be reliably measured.
Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the software product include employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads.
Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.
Computer software development costs recognised as assets are amortised over their estimated useful lives, which does not exceed five years unless strong indication of a longer useful life is demonstrated (for instance by an underlying contract).
2.7 Impairment of non financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or intangible assets not ready to use are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are largely independent cash inflows (cash-generating units).
Prior impairments of non-financial assets other than goodwill are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date. An assessment is made as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. After such a reversal the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to allocate the asset's revised carrying amount, less any residual value, on a systematic basis over its remaining useful life.
2.8 Financial assets
2.8.1 Classification
Financial assets in the scope of IAS 39 are classified as either financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables, held-to-maturity investments, or available-for-sale financial assets, as appropriate. The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.
(a) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets held for trading. A financial asset is classified in this category if acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the short term. Derivatives are also categorised as held for trading. Assets in this category are classified as current assets if expected to be settled within 12 months, otherwise they are classified as noncurrent. The group's financial assets at fair value through profit and loss comprise only minor investments in shares.
(b) Loans and receivables
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities greater than
F-22

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
12 months after the end of the reporting period. These are classified as non-current assets. The group's loans and receivables comprise mainly portfolios of purchased non-performing loans, ``trade and other receivables'' and ``cash and cash equivalents'' (see note 14). Client funds are recognised on a separate line in the Statement of financial position and therefore not included in the group's reported liquid assets.
2.8.2 Recognition and measurement
Regular purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade-date which is the date on which the group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Investments are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs for all financial assets not carried at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognised at fair value, and transaction costs are expensed in the income statement.
Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been transferred and the group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.
Loans and receivables are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of the ``financial assets at fair value through profit or loss'' category are presented in the income statement within ``Other (losses)/gains-net'' in the period in which they arise.
Purchased loans and receivables
Purchased loans and receivables are portfolios of non performing claims. A portfolio is defined to be the lowest reliable level for pool of accounts with similar attributes. Typically, each portfolio consists of an individual acquisition of accounts. Each portfolio is classified in the loans and receivable category and is initially recorded at fair value including external cost of acquiring the portfolio. The portfolio is accounted for as a single unit for the recognition of income, principal payments and adjustments from recalculation of the estimated future cash flows.
The accounting policy is also applied when one or more portfolios are acquired in a business combination.
Significant estimates are made by the management with respect to the collectability of future cash flows from portfolios. The cash flow estimates are prepared by management on a rolling 15 year basis. If the cash flow estimates are revised, the carrying amount is recalculated to reflect actual and revised estimated cash flows by computing the present value of estimated future cash flows using the initial effective interest rate. An adjustment in the carrying amount is recognised in net revenue. See 2.21 Revenue recognition for further information.
Management's interpretations of historical cash flows, type of receivable, age, face value of the individual account and experience from other portfolios form the basis for the cash flow estimates. As these estimates are prepared on a rolling 15 year basis, an additional year is included in the 15 year cash flow forecast each year. The effect of including an additional year is recorded as a revaluation in the income statement. Actual results may differ from the estimates, making it reasonably possible that a change in estimates could occur within one year and impact the carrying value of the related loans and receivables. On a quarterly basis, management reviews the estimates of future cash flows, and whether it is reasonably possible that its assessment of collectability may change based on actual results and other factors that may have an impact on the estimates.
From time to time, the group acquires portfolios on a forward flow basis. This means that a contract is established for purchases of debts at an agreed price, but where the volumes of debts are not fully known at the time of agreement. The acquisition (delivery) of forward flow debts can be done on weekly, monthly or quarterly basis. The effective interest rate is calculated by contract and used for each batch. If experience indicates a change in the attributes of the claims management may decide to apply a new effective interest rate for new batches.
F-23

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
Other financial assets
Long-term loans and receivables and other receivables are those that arise when the company provides money without the intent to trade its claim. If the anticipated maturity is longer than one year they constitute long-term receivables, and if it is shorter they are short-term receivables. Loans and receivables assessed at their discounted current value if their expected maturity exceeds 12 months. If their maturities are shorter, they are assessed at cost.
2.9 Impairment of financial assets
The group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the asset (a `loss event'') and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or group of financial assets that can be reliably estimated.
Evidence of impairment may include indications that the debtors or a group of debtors is experiencing significant financial difficulty, default of delinquency in interest or principal payments, the probability that they will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization, and where observable data indicate that there is a measurable decreases in the estimated future cash flows, such as changes in arrears or economic conditions that correlate with defaults.
For loans and receivables category, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset's initial effective interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset is reduced and the amount of the loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement. If a loan has a variable interest rate, the discount rate for measuring any impairment loss is the current effective interest rate determined under the contract.
If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the reversal of the previously recognised impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement.
2.10 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
The group uses derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps to hedge its risks associated with interest rate. Such derivative financial instruments are initially and subsequently measured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative. Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value on derivatives during the year are taken directly to the income statement.
2.11 Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers in the ordinary course of business. If collection is expected in one year or less, they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets. Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.
Legal fees/bailiff costs: The group incurs outlays for bailiff/court costs, legal representation, enforcement authorities, etc. which can be charged to and collected from debtors. In certain cases Lindorff has agreements with its clients where any expenses that cannot be collected from the debtor are instead refunded by the client. The amount that is expected to be recovered from the client is recognised as an asset in Other short term receivables.
Client funds: Client funds are reported as assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position and comprise cash received on collection of a specific debt on behalf of a client and which are to be passed on to the clients within a specified period.
F-24

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) 2.12 Cash and cash equivalents Cash and short-term deposits in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and in hand and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less.
2.13 Equity Share capital is determined using the nominal value of shares that have been issued. Additional paid-in capital includes any premiums received on the initial issuing of the share capital. Any transaction costs associated with the issuing of shares are deducted from additional paid-in capital, net of any related income tax benefits. Retained earnings include all current and prior period results as disclosed in the income statement.
2.14 Trade payables Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities. Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
2.15 Borrowings All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received less directly attributable transaction costs. After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The upfront fees are a part of the borrowing cost and are recognised as an expense in accordance with the effective interest method.
2.16 Borrowing costs Borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
2.17 Compound financial instruments Compound financial instruments issued by the group comprise convertible notes that can be converted to share capital at the option of the holder, and the number of shares to be issued does not vary with changes in their fair value. The liability component of a compound financial instrument is recognised initially at the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an equity conversion option. The equity component is recognised initially at the difference between the fair value of the compound financial instrument as a whole and the fair value of the liability component. Any directly attributable transaction costs are allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to their initial carrying amounts. Subsequent to initial recognition, the liability component of a compound financial instrument is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The equity component of a compound financial instrument is not re-measured subsequent to initial recognition except on conversion or expiry.
F-25

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
2.18 Current and deferred income tax
The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
(a) Current tax
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities.
(b) Deferred tax
Deferred income tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the balance sheet date between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
­ where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
­ in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized except:
­ where the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
­ in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.
The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognised deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
F-26

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
2.19 Employee benefits
(a) Pension benefits
The group has various post-employment schemes, including both defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans.
Pension obligations
A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the group pays fixed contributions into a separate entity. The group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contribution if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods. A defined benefit plan is a pension plan that is not a defined contribution plan.
Typically defined benefit plans define an amount of pension benefit than an employee will receive on retirement, usually depended on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation.
The liability recognised in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension obligation. In countries where there is no deep market in such bonds, the market rates on governments bonds are used.
Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.
Past-service costs are recognised immediately in income.
For defined contribution plans, the group pays contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.
b) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the group before the normal retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: a) when the group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and b) when the entity recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of IAS 37 and involves the payment or termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to their present value.
c) Profit sharing and bonus plans
The group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonus based on a formula that takes into consideration the agreed terms.
2.20 Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Where the group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example under an insurance contract, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.
F-27

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
The expense relating to any provision is presented in the income statement net of any reimbursement. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a borrowing cost.
2.21 Revenue recognition
Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received and represents interest and amounts receivable for services supplied, stated net of discounts and value added taxes. The group recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured; when it is probably that future economic benefits will flow to the entity; and when specific criteria have been met for each of the group's activities, as described below.
a) Commission and debt collection fees in Collection are recognised on collection of the debt
b) income from subscription services is recognised proportionally over the duration of the agreement, usually one year
c) Income from other services are recognised when the service is provided
d) Revenue on portfolios of purchased loans and receivables are recognised using the effective interest method
Purchased loans and receivables consists mainly of portfolios of delinquent consumer debts purchased at prices significantly below the nominal face value and are recognised according to IAS 39 for loans and receivables, i.e. at amortised cost using the effective interest method. According to the effective interest method, the carrying value of each portfolio corresponds to the present value of gross projected future cash flows discounted by an initial effective interest rate determined on the date the portfolio was acquired, and the method also allocates the interest revenue over the relevant period. The initial effective interest rate is based on the relation between acquisition cost and the projected future cash flows on the acquisition date.
With the projection of future gross cash flows and the purchase price including transaction costs as a basis, each portfolio is assigned an initial effective interest rate that is then used to discount cash flows through the life of the portfolio. If appropriate, the EIR is reassessed and adjusted up to 12 months after the purchase of the portfolio of overdue receivables to reflect refinements made to our estimates of future cash flows based on enhanced data and analysis considered during that time period. This adjustment has historically not resulted in any material impact on our income from purchased portfolios.
Current cash flow projections are monitored over the course of the year and updated based on, among other things, achieved collection results, agreements reached with debtors on instalment plans and macroeconomic information. Cash flow projections are made at portfolio level, since each portfolio of receivables consists of homogeneous accounts. On the basis of the updated cash flow projections and the initial effective interest rate, a new carrying value for the portfolio is calculated at the reporting date.
Changes over time in the book value can be divided into a time and interest rate component and a component related to changes in estimates of future cash flows. Changes in cash flow forecasts are treated symmetrically, i.e., both increases and decreases in forecast flows affect the portfolios' book value and, as a result net revenue.
Income on portfolios is accrued monthly based on each portfolios effective interest rate. Monthly cash flows greater than the cash flow forecast for the same period is recorded as revenue in the period. Likewise, monthly cash flows that are less than the monthly cash flow forecast for the same period is recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period. Compensation received due to price adjustments for portfolios acquired are recorded as an adjustment to the book value.
F-28

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) 2.22 Leases Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases are charged to the income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease. As of 31 December 2013 group has not recognised any finance leases.
2.23 Dividend distribution Dividends proposed by the Board of Directors are not recorded in the financial statements until they have been approved by the shareholders at the Shareholder's General Meeting.
2.24 Earnings per share Basic earnings per share (EPS) are computed by dividing net profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (after reversal of interest on the convertible preference shares) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued on the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.
2.25 Related parties Parties are related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. All transactions between the related parties are based on the principle of `arm's length' (estimated market value).
2.26 Classification in the statement of financial position Current assets and short-term liabilities include items due less than one year from the balance sheet date, and items tied to the operating cycle, if longer. The current portion of long-term debt is included as current liabilities. Other assets are classified as non-current assets.
2.27 Cash flow statement The indirect method is used for the cash flow statement. For the purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined in 2.12. Cash related to acquisition of portfolios of loans and receivables is included in investing activities while payments and amortisation on these portfolios are included in operating activities.
2.28 First time adoption of IFRS These financial statements, for the year ended 31 December 2013, are the first the group has prepared in accordance with IFRS. For periods up to and including the year ended 31 December 2012, the group prepared its financial statements in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the general recommendations of the Swedish Accounting Standards Board (Swedish GAAP). Accordingly, the group has prepared financial statements which comply with IFRS applicable for periods ending on or after 31 December 2013, together with the comparative period data as at and for the year ended 31 December 2011 and 2012, as described in the summary of significant accounting policies. In preparing these financial statements, the group's opening statement of financial position was prepared as at 1 January 2011, the group's date of transition to IFRS. This note explains the principal adjustments made by the group in restating Swedish GAAP financial statements, including the
F-29

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
statement of financial position as at 1 January 2011 and the financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2011 and 2012.

Group reconciliation of equity as at 1 January 2011 (date of transition to IFRS)

EURm
ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fixtures and furnitures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . Deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Long-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . Client funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EQUITY Share Capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Share Premium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Equity attributable to owners of the
Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Non-controlling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . . Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . Financial derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes
A,D B F I
A,B,C,D,E,I
C E F

SGAAP
9 13 776 470 19
9 1 295
17 4
36 35 93 184 1 479
2 212 215
1 0
1
563 472 170
3 6 17 14 1 244 36 67 35 7 91 236 1 481
1 479

Remeasurements
27 27 1
1 26
64 64 64
67 10 19
38
0 38
26

IFRS as at 1 January 2011
9 13 776 497 19
9 1 323
16 4
36 35 93 184 1 506
2 212 150
63 0
64
563 472 103
3 15 36 14 1 206 36 67 35
7 91 236 1 443
1 506

F-30

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) Group reconciliation of equity as at 31 December 2011

EURm
ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fixtures and furnitures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . Deferred income tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . Long-term assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . Client funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes

IFRS as at SGAAP Remeasurements 31 December 2011

8

16

A,D 724

B 479

F

22

6

1 256

I

19

2

29

22

49

121

1 377

1 60 46 16
0 91 1
1 90

8 17 784 525
6 6
1 347
19 2
29 22 49
120
1 467

EQUITY

Share Capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

Share Premium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

212

Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . A,B,C,D,E 309

134

2 212 175

Equity attributable to owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-controlling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

95

134

39

0

0

95

134

39

Liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . Financial derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

514

540

C 184

1

E

6

F

7

9

1 261

29 116
22 2
42

211

1 472

63 13 6
44
0 44

514 540 121
1 19 13
9
1 218
29 116
22 2
42
211
1 428

Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . .

1 377

90

1 467

F-31

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
Group reconciliation of income and comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2011

EURm
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income/(loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Payroll expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortisation . . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . .
Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit (loss) for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit attributable to: Owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit (loss) for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes
B,G,H H E G D
A,B
H C
F

SGAAP
437 0
437 157
0 18 66 176
20
16 144 128 108
11 97
97 97

Remeasurements
51 15
36 1
35 0
1 167
96 15
4 19
77
4 73
73 73

IFRS for the year ended 31 December 2011
386 15
401 158
35 18 67
9
115
1 148
146
31
7
24
24
24

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

EURm
Profit (loss) for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other comprehensive income:

97

73

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or

loss

Remeasurements of post employment benefit

obligations gain(+)/loss () . . . . . . . . . . . .

E

0

3

Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
Currency translation differences . . . . . . . . . . .

0

2

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

1

Total comprehensive Income for the year . . .

97

72

Attributable to: Owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total comprehensive income for the year . . .

97

72

97

72

24
3
2 1 25 25 25

F-32

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) Group reconciliation of equity as at 31 December 2012

EURm
ASSETS Fixtures and furnitures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . Deferred income tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . Long-term assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . Client funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EQUITY Share Capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Share Premium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Equity attributable to owners of the
Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . Subordinated loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred income tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . Financial derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Client liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Current tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity and liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes
A,D B F I
A,B,C,D,E
C E F

SGAAP
6 22 701 608 21
3 1 362
18 13 34 28 60 153 1 515
2 212 391
177 177
587 619 199
7 5 7 6 1 430 33 125 28 6 70 262 1 692
1 515

Remeasurements
1 124
50 4 171 1 3
4 167
214 214 214
59 4 7 7
41
6 6 47 167

IFRS as at 31 December 2012
6 23 825 658 17
3 1 532
17 13 31 28 60 150 1 682
2 212 177
37 37
587 619 140
11 12 14
6 1 390
33 125
28 6
64 256 1 645
1 682

F-33

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
Group reconciliation of income and comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2012

EURm
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other income/(loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Payroll expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Legal fee cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone, postage and packaging . . . . . . . . . . . Other operating costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortisation . . . . . . . . . . . .
Results from operating activities (EBIT) . . . .
Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit (loss) for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit (loss) for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit attributable to: Owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Non-controlling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit (loss) for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes
B,G,H H E G D
A,B
H C
F

SGAAP
499 0
499 167
0 19 78 182
53
4 151
147
94 2
92
92
92 0
92

Remeasurements
74
74
34
1 173
64 2 2 4 60 13 73 73
73 0
73

IFRS for the year ended 31 December 2012
425 0
425 167
34 19 79
9
117
2 153
151
34 15
19
19
19 0
19

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

EURm

Profit (loss) for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

92

73

Other comprehensive income:

Items that will not be reclassified to profit

or loss

Remeasurements of post employment benefit

obligations gain(+)/loss () . . . . . . . . . . . .

E

0

5

Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
Currency translation differences . . . . . . . . . . .

0

12

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total comprehensive income for the year . . .

0

17

92

90

Attributable to: Owners of the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Non-controliing interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total comprehensive income for the year . . .

92

90

0

0

92

90

19
5
12 17 2 2
0 2

First time adoption of IFRS--Notes
A IFRS 3 Business Combinations--Goodwill
Under Swedish GAAP (SGAAP), goodwill was amortised using the straight line method over the projected useful life.

F-34

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued) Under IFRS 3 goodwill shall not be amortised. Instead, goodwill shall be tested for impairment annually.
B IAS 39 Financial instruments--Purchased loans and receivables Under Swedish GAAP, the group recognised purchased portfolios of non-performing loans as fixed assets. The portfolios were amortised based on the relation between the payments in the period and the forecasted total cash flows (Production unit method). Cash collected from the non-performing loans was recognised in net revenues in the income statement. Under IFRS is Purchased loans and receivables recognised at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
C lAS 32 Financial instruments--Compound instruments Under Swedish GAAP compound instruments were presented as long-term liabilities. Some financial instruments--sometimes called compound instruments--have both a liability and an equity component from the issuer's perspective, In that case, IAS 32 requires that the component parts be accounted for and presented separately according to their substance based on the definitions of liability and equity. The split is made at issuance and not revised for subsequent changes in market interest rates, share prices, or other event that changes the likelihood that the conversion option will be exercised.
D IFRS 3 Business Combinations Under Swedish GAAP expenses arised on business acquisitions were capitalised. Costs of issuing debt or equity instruments are accounted for under IAS 32 and lAS 39 and are deducted in equity or included in amortised cost. All other costs associated with the acquisition must be expensed.
E IAS 19 Employee benefits (2011) Under Swedish GAAP actuarial gains and losses were recognised in income statement, if the gain or loss exceeded 10% (corridor) of the greater of the Pension Benefit Obligation or the fair value of plan assets. Under IAS 19 remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability or asset, comprising actuarial gains and losses, return on plan assets and past service costs are recognised in other comprehensive income. The pension liability, including the corridor has been recognised in full in the restated opening balance.
F Deferred tax The various transitional adjustments lead to different temporary differences. According to the accounting policies in Note 2.3, the group has to account for such differences. Deferred tax effects of the IFRS adjustments have affected both equity and net profit.
G Legal fees Under Swedish GAAP legal fees were netted against revenue. Under IFRS legal fees are presented as expenses.
H Gain and loss on sale of subsidiaries Under Swedish GAAP gain or loss on sale of subsidiaries was classified as financial income or loss. Under IFRS gain or loss on sale of subsidiaries is classified as operating income or loss.
I Revenue recognition In Denmark recognition of payments has been changed to reflect that payments are recognised when the cash is actually received.
F-35

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)
3 Critical accounting estimates
Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.
Estimates and assumptions
Revenue recognition Purchased loans and receivables
The group uses the effective interest rate method to account for portfolios and loans. The use of the effective interest rate method requires the group to estimate future cash flows from loans and receivables at each balance sheet date. The underlying estimates that form the basis for revenue recognition depends on variables such as the ability to contact the debtor and reach an agreement, timing of cash flows, general economic environment and statutory regulations. If the estimations are revised, the group adjusts the carrying amount of the portfolios and loans to reflect actual and revised estimated cash flows in accordance with lAS 39 paragraph AG8. Events or changes in assumptions and managements judgment will affect the recognition of revenue in the period.
Book value of Purchased loans and receivables
Loans and receivables (portfolios) consist mainly of acquired non-performing unsecured loans and non-derivative financial assets without fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. Such assets are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Events or changes in assumptions and managements judgment will affect the cash flow for the portfolios and therefore also the net present value of future cash flows and the book value of the portfolios.
Impairment of goodwill
The group determines whether goodwill is impaired when circumstances indicate that there may he a potential impairment. Estimating recoverable amounts of assets and companies are partly based on management's evaluation, including estimates of future performance, revenue generating capacity of the assets, and assumptions of the future market conditions. Changes in circumstances and in management's estimation of future events may give rise to impairment losses.
Impairment of goodwill is evaluated on an annual basis and determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units), to which the goodwill relates. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the group to make assumptions regarding the expected future cash flow and the discount rate used to calculate the net present value of those cash flows.
Deferred Income Tax Assets
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.
The group is subject to income taxes in some jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.
There are currently outstanding tax issues in Finland. See note 9 for further information.
F-36

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

4 Financial risk management
4.1 Financial risk factors
Lindorffs financial risk is limited, with strong cash flow from the Debt Purchasing business combined with limited investments needed in the Third Party Collection business. Lindorff's funding and financial risk are managed within the group in accordance with the Treasury policy approved by the Board of Directors. The Treasury policy contains rules for managing financial activities, measuring and identifying financial risk and limiting these risks. Internal and external financial operations are concentrated in Group Treasury, which ensures economies of scale when pricing financial transactions.

a) Market risk
The group's activities are exposed to financial risk, market risk, currency risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and cash flow risk. The risk management guidelines set out in the Treasury policy aim to reduce the effect of volatility in financial markets and the potential adverse effects that can have on the group's financial performance.
The services and products offered in the respective local geographical markets are subject to strict local laws and regulations including requirements for debt collection licenses.

i) Market and regulatory environment
The main market risk is related to general macroeconomic conditions and local rules and statutory regulations in each of the geographical markets the group is present in and which affect the debtors' ability to pay and the vendors' ability and willingness to sell portfolios of loans and receivables and potential commission from third party collection.

ii) Foreign exchange risk
The group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to NOK (Norwegian kroner) and SEK (Swedish kroner) compared to the group's reporting currency EUR. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations.
The group's strategy is to manage and limit currency risk. The following exchange rates have been used to translate NOK and SEK in the financial accounts:

NOK

2013 2012 2011

Average . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,80 7,48 7,80 Closing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,45 7,38 7,77

SEK

2013 2012 2011

Average . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,65 8,71 9,03 Closing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,94 8,62 8,94

Exchange rate risk can be divided into transaction exposure and translation exposure.

The group has investments in foreign operations, whose net assets are exposed to foreign currency translation risk. Currency exposure arising from the net assets of the group's foreign operations is managed primarily through borrowings denominated in the relevant foreign currencies.

Transaction exposure
In each country, revenues and operating expenses are mainly denominated in local currencies, and thus currency fluctuations have only a limited impact on the company's operating earnings in local currency. National operations seldom have receivables and liabilities in foreign currency. Revenues and expenses in national currency are thus hedged in a natural way, which limits transaction exposure. The currency exposure that arises within the operating activities is limited to the extent it pertains to international collection operations. The subsidiaries' projected cash flow exposure is not hedged at present.

F-37

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

4 Financial risk management (Continued)
At group level financing both the third party collection business and the capital business are funded in the relevant currencies reflecting the underlying expected cash flow.

Translation exposure
Lindorff operates in 11 countries. The results and financial position of subsidiaries are reported in the relevant foreign currencies and later translated into EUR for inclusion in the consolidated financial statements. Approximately 50% of the group's revenue is in foreign currency. Consequently, fluctuations in EUR exchange rates against these currencies affect the group's revenues and earnings, as well as equity and other items in its financial statements.
The group's revenues are distributed by currency as follows:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

EUR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 221 181 135 DKK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 20 21 NOK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 150 154 173 SEK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56 65 69 Other currencies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 5 4

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 447 425 401

In Norway in 2011 is included a gain from sale of subsidiaries of EUR 15m.
If the currency had weakened/strengthened by 10% in average against the EUR with all other variable held constant, net revenues would have increased/decreased by approximately EUR 23m (24m).

b) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risks relate primarily to the group's interest-bearing net debt. The external bank facilities amounted to EUR 709m at 31 December 2013 (2012:733m) including non-amortised arrangement fees. The loan rate is tied to the market rate, with quarterly interest fixing. The group manages its interest rate risk by using floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps. Such interest rate swaps have the economic effect of converting borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. Generally, the group raises long-term borrowings at floating rates and swaps them into fixed rates. Under the interest rate swaps, the group agrees with other parties to exchange, at specified intervals (quarterly), the difference between fixed contracts rates and floating-rate interest amounts calculated by reference to the agreed notional amounts. The hedge ratio was 39% at 31 December 2013.
A one-percent increase in market interest rates would have adversely affected net financial items by approximately EUR 7m. A five-percent increase would have adversely affected net financial items by EUR 35m.

c) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that Lindorff's counterparties are unable to fulfil their obligations to the group. Each local entity is responsible for managing and analysing the credit risk for each of their new clients before standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. Credit risk arises from assets such as cash and cash equivalents, guarantees and derivative financial instruments and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as outstanding receivables; Purchased loans and receivables and outlays on behalf of clients. For financial assets owned by Lindorff, no collateral (very limited) or other credit reinforcements have been received.
The maximum credit exposure for each class of financial assets therefore corresponds to the carrying amount.
There is also a limited risk of loss linked to the group's Third Party Debt Collection, however the risk is primarily carried by the client.

F-38

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

4 Financial risk management (Continued)
Portfolios of purchased loans and receivables
To minimize the risks related to purchase of non-performing claims, caution is exercised in purchase decisions. Purchases are usually made from clients with whom the group has maintained long-term relationships and therefore has a thorough understanding of the receivables in question. Purchased loans and receivables are usually purchased at prices significantly below the nominal value of the receivables, and are not collateralised. Lindorff retains the entire amount collected, including interest and fees.
Lindorff has high yield requirements on purchased loans and receivables. Before every acquisition, a careful assessment is made based on a projection of future cash flows (estimated gross collection less expected costs of collection) from the portfolio. In its calculations, Lindorff is aided by its long experience in collection management and its valuation models.
Scoring entails the consumer's payment capacity being assessed with the aid of statistical analysis. Lindorff therefore believes that it has the expertise required to evaluate these types of receivables.
To facilitate the purchase of larger portfolios at attractive risk levels, Lindorff works in cooperation with other companies, primarily in Spain. Risks are further diversified by acquiring receivables from clients in different sectors and different countries
A share of the investments in purchased loans and receivables has been made as forward flow agreements (see note 30), meaning that the group has committed to buy non-performing debt portfolios for delivery in future periods. The duration of the contracts are usually not more than 12 months and for the majority of contracts Lindorff has the possibility to decline to acquire the portfolios if the credit quality of the claims are significant weaker than assumed in the agreement.
The group's purchased loans and receivables include debtors in 11 countries and the carrying value is distributed as follows:

Purchased loans and receivables Carrying value per country

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53 57 61 ECE* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76 68 64 Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 188 170 61 The Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42 53 54 Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63 73 55 Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82 55 48 Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 171 182 183

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 675 658 525

* Eastern and Central Europe includes Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania

F-39

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

4 Financial risk management (Continued) Purchased loans and receivables per country/in percent of total carrying value

Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ECE* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013 2012 2011
8% 9% 12% 11% 10% 12% 28% 26% 12%
6% 8% 10% 9% 11% 10% 12% 8% 9% 25% 28% 35%
100% 100% 100%

* Eastern and Central Europe include Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
Purchased loans and receivables are overdue at acquisition date and therefore usually purchased at prices significantly below the nominal value. The average claim size at the end of 2013 was approximately EUR 3,300. Even though it is obvious that the full face value will not be recovered, the group has the right to collect the full face value including principal, interest and fees on its own behalf.
The carrying value of EUR 675m as at 31 December 2013, representing approximately 5% of face value, is the maximum theoretical risk if the whole portfolio become worthless/non collectable.

Purchased loans and receivables by sector

In percent of total
Bank . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finance/Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Retail . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Telecom . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013 2012 2011
70% 71% 65% 17% 15% 17%
4% 4% 6% 7% 8% 10% 2% 2% 2%
100% 100% 100%

The group has established long term relationship with large financial institutions in Europe. As a result the distribution of carrying value of the portfolios of purchased loans and receivables by sector, shows that 87% are claims acquired from Banks and other financial institutions at the end of 2013 (2012: 86% and 2011: 82%).
The group has had only minor impairment losses and positive revaluations during the last three years.
FinansService A/S in Denmark was acquired 30 November 2010. The Danish portfolios had a carrying value under Swedish GAAP of EUR 67.7m as at 31 December 2010. When restating the historical numbers to IFRS at transition date 1. January 2011 the effective interest rate (EIR) per portfolio was calculated based on actual collection and adjusted forecasts. A floor of 15% EIR on gross forecasts was applied and resulted in a reduction of the carrying value of the Danish portfolios of EUR 4.9m to EUR 62.8m at the transition date.
See also note 15 re fair value of the portfolios of acquired loans and receivables.
In order to continue minimising the credit risk exposure, Lindorff continues to invest in staff with a broad experience in credit management, and focus on increased analytical approach to portfolio assessments. Monitoring processes are implemented to follow up actual collection compared to forecasts. In addition, the group's investment in effective IT systems and a more uniform cross-border business model will result in better control of the group's business, which in turn will also help reduce the risk of credit loss.

F-40

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

4 Financial risk management (Continued)
d) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the group does not have the ability to fulfil its short and long-term payment obligations to outside parties. The group's long-term financing risk is minimized through long term financing in the form of committed lines of credit. Since 2011 the group has a syndicated rnulticurrency loan facility of EUR 840m from DNB, Nordea, SEB and Swedbank.
The loan was carried partly in foreign currency to hedge the group against translation exposure in relation to net assets in countries with other currencies than euro. The group's loan facility has a number of operational and financial covenants, including limits on certain key financial indicators such as Net debt divided by the operating result after depreciation and amortisation. If the limits are exceeded part of the loans fall due. Group Management carefully monitors the key financial indicators, so that it can quickly take measures if there is a risk that to exceed a covenant.
The group's loan facilities ensure funding to meet future payment obligations. As of 31 December the group held unused facilities totalling EUR 102m (102).
Cash flow forecasting is performed in the operating entities of the group and aggregated by Group Treasury. Group Treasury monitors rolling forecasts of the group's liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet operations needs while maintaining sufficient headroom on its undrawn committed borrowing facilities (note 24) at all times so that the group does not breach borrowing limits or covenants (where applicable) on any of its borrowing facilities. Such forecasting takes into consideration the group's debt financial plans, covenant compliance, compliance with internal balance sheet ratio targets and, if applicable external regulatory or legal requirement.
Surplus cash held by the operating entities over and above balance required for working capital management is transferred to the Group Treasury (cash-pool). Group Treasury invests surplus cash in interest bearing current accounts.
The table below shows the group's non-derivative financial liabilities and net settled derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining periods at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. Derivative financial liabilities are included in the analysis if their contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

EURm

Between Less than 3 month Between 1 Between 2 Over 3 month and 1 year and 2 years and 5 years 5 years

At 31. December 2013

Borrowings (Bank) (ex finance lease liabilities) . . . --

117

189

438

--

Shareholder Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . --

--

--

562

--

Trading and net settled derivative financial

instruments (interest rate swaps) . . . . . . . . . . . 1

3

5

2

--

Trade and other payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22

0

0

0

(0)

At 31. December 2012

Borrowings (Bank) (ex finance lease liabilities) . . . --

143

218

Shareholder Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . --

--

--

Trading and net settled derivative financial

instruments (interest rate swaps) . . . . . . . . . . . 2

5

10

Trade and other payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29

3

0

304

--

42 1 596

3

--

(0)

0

At 31. December 2011

Borrowings (Bank) (ex finance lease liabilities) . . . --

108

179

Shareholder Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . --

--

--

Trading and net settled derivative financial

instruments (interest rate swaps) . . . . . . . . . . . 2

6

13

Trade and other payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26

3

0

354

--

-- 1 637

4

--

(0)

0

F-41

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

4 Financial risk management (Continued)
4.2 Capital management
The group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the group's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.
The gearing ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current borrowings as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position) less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as ``equity'' as shown in the consolidated financial position plus net debt.
With effect from 1 July 2013 the shareholders converted the major part of the shareholder loans to equity. The gearing is therefore considerable reduced compared to previous years and was 1.35 at 31 December 2013.
The group has not been subject to rating by external rating agencies.

5 Segment information
Management has determined the operating segments based on information reviewed by management for the purpose of allocating resources and assessing performance. Management considers the performance from a product perspective and separately considers the Debt Purchasing and Debt Collection.
Both segments meet the quantitative thresholds required by IFRS 8 for reportable segments. Management assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of Contribution Margin 1 which is gross revenues minus direct operating expenses.

Revenue
Sales between segments are carried out at arm's length. The revenue from external parties reported to management is measured in a manner consistent with that in the income statement. The following table presents a reconciliation of the reportable segments' main captions from profit and loss to the entity's profit and loss before tax:

2013 EURm
Revenue from external customers . . . . . . . . . Inter-segment revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables . . . . . . .
Total operating revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Direct operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contribution margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SG&A . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . IT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other not allocated expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortisation of assets . . . . .
Operating profit (Ioss)/EBIT . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit and loss before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Debt Purchasing
199
1 200 91 109

Debt Collection
228 84
313 185
128

Other
19
19 15
3

Eliminations & unallocated items
84
84 84 --
49 38 12 10 109 127 236

Total
446 -- 1
447
207
240
49 38 12 10
130
127
3

F-42

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

5 Segment information (Continued)

2012 EURm
Revenue from external customers . . . . . . . . . Inter-segment revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables . . . . . . . Other income Total operating revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Direct operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contribution margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SG&A . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . IT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other not allocated expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortisation of assets . . . . .
Operating profit (loss)/EBIT . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit and loss before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Debt Purchasing
178
1
179 83
97

Debt Collection
216 75
291 172
119

Other
29
29 28
2

Eliminations & unallocated items
75
75 75 --
43,7 33,0
15 9
101 151 252

Total
424 -- 1
425 207
218 44 33 15
9 117 151 34

2011 EURm
Revenue from external customers . . . . . . . . . inter-segment revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation of loans and receivables . . . . . . . Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenue and other income . . . . . . . . .
Direct operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contribution margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SG&A . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . IT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other not allocated expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . Depreciation and amortisation of assets . . . . .
Operating profit (loss)/EBIT . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit and loss before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Debt Purchasing
144
2
146 53
93

Debt Collection
204 53
257 156
101

Other
36
15 51 35 16

Eliminations & unallocated items
-- 53
-- --
53
53
--
41 31 14
9
95
146
241

Total
384 -- 2 15
401
191
210
41 31 14
9
115
146
31

Other income is gain from sale of subsidiaries in Norway.

Revenue and other income by service:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Collection fees, commissions and debtors fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 219 204 193

Revenue from purchased loans and receivables, excl revaluations . . . . . . . . . . . 199 179 144

Revaluation of purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 1 2

Loan administration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 7 6

Invoice administration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 5 3

Other revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 29 38

Gain from sale of subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 447 425 401

F-43

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

5 Segment information (Continued)
The decrease in other revenue compared to previous years is due to sale of companies (Mirror Accounting Group, January 2012 Match AS and Lindorff Decision in May and Sept 2011 respectively, Lindorff Customer Services AB, 2011),

Revenue and other income from external customers by country

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 20 21 ECE* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84 81 79 Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58 50 28 The Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38 18 19 Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 150 154 173 Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45 36 13 Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56 65 69

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 447 425 401

* Eastern and Central Europe includes Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania whereof the share of the regions total revenue in Russia was 1% in 2013 (2012: 2%, 2011: 1%)
No individual customer is generating more than 10 per cent of the group's total revenue.

Non-current assets exclusive financial assets, deferred tax assets and pensions per country representing more than 10% of the Group's total of such assets

EURm

2013 2012 2011

ECE* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 156 154

The Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

155 137

Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

276 261

Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 172 165

Other (not representing more than 10% of non current financial assets) . . . . . . . 11 95 92

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75 854 809

* Eastern and Central Europe includes Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
From the year-ended 2013 goodwill has been re-allocated due to the reorganization to two operating segments: Debt Purchasing and Collection which coincides on which level Goodwill is monitored by management on group level. Goodwill is therefore not included in the table for 2013, see note 13 for further information in regard to Goodwill.
Purchased loans and receivables are the most significant non-current asset for the group and are specified in note 4 and 15.

F-44

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

6 Employees, salaries and other remuneration

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Board members, CEO and Group Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 4 3 of which bonuses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 1 0 Other employees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 136 134 125

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 140 138 128

Social insurance contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15 14 14 Pension costs--defined contribution plan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 8 7 Pension costs--defined benefit plan (note 27) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 3 4

Total remuneration and other staff costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 165 163 153

Other staff related casts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 4 4

Total personnel costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 170 167 156

Average number of employees in proportion of males and females

Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Estonia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finland . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Latvia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lithuania . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Russia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
151 23
518 285
43 38 254 685 57 744 242
3 040

2012
162 24
527 230
39 93 273 734 71 746 254
3 153

2011
197 36
477 209
37 92 151 760 69 391 386
2 805

of which females . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . of which females, % . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . of which males . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . of which males, % . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1 940 2 068 1 839 64% 64% 66%
1 100 1 151 966 36% 36% 34%

Board of Directors and Group Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . of which males, % . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14

14

14

64% 86% 71%

F-45

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

6 Employees, salaries and other remuneration (Continued) Gender by geographical area for the year ended 2013

Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Estonia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finland . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Latvia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lithuania . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Russia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Share of females
65% 91% 68% 68% 79% 92% 50% 59% 65% 67% 59%
64%

Share of males
35% 9%
32% 32% 21%
8% 50% 41% 35% 33% 41%
36%

Females
98 21 353 193 34 35 126 402 37 498 143
1 940

Males
53 2
165 92 9 3
128 283
20 246
99
1 100

Terms and conditions of employment for Group Management
Board of Directors:
In accordance with the Annual General Meeting's resolution, total fees paid to Board members for the year, amounted to EUR 64k, EUR 32k to each of the board members Arne Liljedahl and Malin Erikson. The fees were the same for 2012 and 2011. The other board members are representatives for the shareholders who have not received remuneration for this work from Lindorff.
CEO
In accordance with the currently applicable employment agreement with CEO Endre Rangnes, he receives a fixed annual salary of NOK 4.8m. In addition, he has the opportunity to receive variable compensation up to 50 percent of his annual base salary. In addition the CEO is part of the long-term incentive scheme with 1m shares acquired at market price. In addition to his fixed and variable salary, the CEO receives a company car in accordance with Group's policy. The company pays pension insurance premiums corresponding to 42.22 percent of his fixed annual salary.
The severance payment of the CEO corresponds to 18 months base salary after the termination period, subject to certain conditions.
Senior Executives
All senior executives receive a fixed annual salary and variable compensation. The variable compensation is, with a few exceptions, up to 30% of the annual base salary and is based on the results achieved by Group operating earnings, results in their area of responsibility and individual performance objectives. Lindorff has agreements with certain members of the management on severance payment equal to six to twelve months of base salary.
Management Incentive plan
Certain members of management have acquired B-shares at Fair Market Value (FMV) in a SPV (Lindorff Co Invest AB) which is a Swedish limited company. The SPV holds a convertible in Lindorff First Holding AB. Alter and Investor have joint majority control over the SPV through A-shares in the company. There are drag- and--tag along rights. The shares in the SPV are transferrable, although not to a Lindorff competitor. Altor and Investor have a right to first refusal. The value of the shares in MPP will be realized when there is an exit made through an IPO or a sale of shares or assets in Lindorff Group.

F-46

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

6 Employees, salaries and other remuneration (Continued)
Compensation committee
The CEO has appointed a Committee to handle compensation issues. The committee is comprised of the CEO, COO, CFO and SVP HR.

Remuneration and benefits during the year
In order to assist the CEO in performing his over-all responsibilities and to make sure that businessoriented, geographical and functional areas are managed in a professional way, the CEO has established a management team. This management team consists of central business and/or staff and support functions and Country managers. Combined, these responsibilities make the Executive Team of the Lindorff Group. Remuneration for the CEO and other senior executives in the Executive team consist of a base salary, variable salary, other benefits and pensions. The group of Senior Executives in the table below refers to the Executive team which for 2013 included Oddgeir Hansen (COO), Scott Danielsen (CFO), Geir Inge Ska°levik (Group Legal), Siv Farstad (Group HR), lngeborg Dybvig (Group Communication), Knut Eirik Storsul (Group IT), Turkka Kuusisto (ECE), Anette Willumsen (Norway), Erika Ro¨nnquist Hoh, (Sweden), Lisbeth Jensen (Denmark), David Perez (Spain), Hendrik Kroeze (NL) and Michael Scha¨fer (Germany). For 2012 and 2011 are the actual person holding the same position included.

CEO

EURk
Endre Rangnes, CEO Base salary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Variable compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Endre Rangnes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
612 207
72 264 1 155

2012
620 204
73 267 1 164

2011
588 126
62 249 1 025

Other senior executives

EURk
Other senior executives Base salary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Variable compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pension costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Other Senior Executives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
2 944 525 248 237
3 955

2012
3 009 477 220 248
3 954

2011
2 850 256 206 180
3 493

7 Audit fees
The table below summarizes audit fees, fees for audit related services, tax services and other services incurred by the group to PWC, the auditor for all companies in the Lindorff Group.

EURk
Auditor's fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Auditor's fee for tax advice services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Auditor's fees for other services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
897 498 463
1 858

2012
645 360 646
1 651

2011
656 67
380
1 103

* EUR 162k recognised in 2013 is related to 2012

F-47

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

8 Financial income and costs

EURm
Other interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other financial income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest on loans from financial institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fair value gains on financial derivatives (interest swaps) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest cost on financial derivatives (interest swaps) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest expense on subordinated loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Net foreign exchange gains/losses on financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . Write down of investment in associated companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other financial expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net finance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
1 0
1
36 3
4 77
7 0 6
128
127

2012
1 1
2
41 2
8 99
2 2 6
153
151

2011
1 0
1
20 6
8 106
1 4 15
148
146

9 Income tax a) Income tax expense

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Current tax Current tax on profit for the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 Adjustments in respect of prior years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

4 1 1

Total current tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 4 2

Origination and reversal of temporary differences/deferred tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 12

9

Total income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21 15

7

F-48

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

9 Income tax (Continued)
The tax on the group's profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate of Sweden as follows:

Profit/ (loss) before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3 34 31

Tax calculated at a tax rate of 22% (26.3%) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

9

8

Tax effects of

--Income not subject to tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

0

3

--Other expenses not deductible for tax purposes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5

2

1

--Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3

8

0

--Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognized . . . Re-measurement of deferred tax--change in tax rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Effect of different tax rates in other countries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Adjustment in respect of prior years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2 2 1 13
21

0

2

0

0

0

0

0

1

15

7

Average nominal tax rate (not weighted): . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23,7% 24,1% 24,2%

Income tax rate per country: Denmark (FY2014: 24.5%, FY2015: 23.5% and FY 2016; 22%) . . . . . . . . Estonia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Finland (FY 2014: 20%) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany (approximately) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Latvia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lithuania . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norway (FY 2014: 27%) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Russia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

25,0% 21,0% 24,5% 30,0% 15,0% 20,0% 25,0% 28,0% 20,0% 30,0% 22,0%

25,0% 21,0% 24,5% 30,0% 15,0% 20,0% 25,0% 28,0% 20,0% 30,0% 26,3%

25,0% 21,0% 26,0% 30,0% 15,0% 20,0% 25,0% 28,0% 20,0% 30,0% 26,3%

Income tax expense for the year was EUR 21m (+15) and includes EUR 13m related to the financial years 2008-2012 due to a settlement with Norwegian tax authorities on tax deduction of interest on group internal loans.

F-49

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

9 Income tax (Continued) b) Deferred tax The deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

EURm
Deferred tax assets Loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Retirement benefit obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Tax losses carry-forward . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Offset against deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax liabilities Fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred tax on loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred tax on convertibles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Offset against deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reconciliation of deferred tax Deferred tax at beginning of the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acquisitions of subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sale of subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred tax in income statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Reclassified from other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Remeasurements of post employment benefit liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net deferred tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net deferred tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
2 3 68 0 63 9
0 59 12
1 63
9
3 0 1 1
1 1
0 9 9 0

2012
-- 2 4 57 6 51 17
0 52 13
0 51
14
7 0 0
12 0
2 0 3
17 14
3

2011
13 2 5
41 2
57 6
1 51 14
4 57
13
17 0 0 9
1 1 7
6 13 7

Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset within the same tax jurisdiction.
The group has substantial tax losses brought forward in the end of 2013. These have to a large extent been generated by the shareholder loans in to the group, which were capitalised with effect from 1 July 2013. The main losses carried forward are in Sweden and Germany. The group has not recognised a deferred tax asset for accumulated tax losses in several jurisdictions whereof approximately EUR 31m in Sweden and EUR 6m in Denmark.
The group has been subject to several tax audits and litigation procedures. Two major audits regarding interest deductions have either been settled (Norway) or won (Sweden) recently.
Tax audits in Finland have resulted in litigation regarding the deductibility of Lindorff Group Finnish branch's interest expense on group internal loans for the FYs 2009-2011. In addition has Lindorff Finland responded to a tax audit report related to whether the interest level on another group internal loan is at arm's length. Lindorff has not received the final reassessment decision. The total exposure for both cases (tax expense and punitive tax) is estimated at EUR 37m including exposure for FY 2012 and 2013 if negative ruling for 2009-2011. Lindorff has consulted tax specialists and, as such, no provisions have been made.

F-50

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

10 Earnings per share (a) Basic

EURm
Profit from operations attributable to owners of the parent . . . . . . . . . . . Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (millions) . . . . . . . Earning /(loss) per share, EUR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
18 18 352 0,05

2012
19 19 214 0,09

2011
24 24 214 0,11

(b) Diluted

EURm
Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Profit from operations attributable to owners of the parent Interest expense on convertible debt (net of tax) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (millions) . . . . . . . . Adjustment for: --Assumed conversion of convertible debt (millions) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per share (millions) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
18
16 2 352
93
445

2012
19
14 4 214
98
312

2011
24
13 11 214
103
317

Diluted earning /(loss) per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0,00 0,01 0,03

a) Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year excluding ordinary shares purchased by the company and held as treasury shares.

b) Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The company has one category of dilutive potential ordinary shares: convertible debt. The convertible debt is assumed to have been converted into ordinary shares, and the net profit is adjusted to eliminate the interest expense less the tax effect. The number of share calculated as above is compared with the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options. As the effect of the potential conversion of the convertibles into shares is antidilutive they will not be considered in EPS after dilution.

11 Fixtures and furniture
Carrying value of fixtures and furniture were EUR 6m as at 31 December 2013 (2012: 6 million; 2011: 8 million). Acquisitions were EUR 3m and depreciation EUR 3m.
The assets are depreciated over the economic useful lives which are usually considered to be 3-5 years.

F-51

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

12 Intangible assets Intangible assets in the table below consist of internally developed software and client relationships:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Balance at 1 January . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23 17 13 Acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49 9 7 Acquistion of subsidiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0 2 0 Disposal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 0 0 Reclassification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 2 2 Amortisation and impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 6 4 Translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 0 0

Balance at 31 December . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69 23 17

Intangible assets by type of asset:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Ongoing software development projects . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 6 4 Capitalised development expenditure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 12 9 Patents, trademarks, licenses and similar rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 4 3 Client relations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42 1 1

Balance at 31 December . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69 23 17

Capitalised expenditure for IT development is mainly generated internally using our own employees and/or contracted consultants.
Client relations and goodwill (see note 13) are acquired in connection with business acquisitions. Client relations include the rights related to a collection contract with a third party, and are amortised straight line over their useful economic lives.
Other intangible fixed assets are mainly acquired externally. Disbursements during the year regarding investments in intangible fixed assets amounted to EUR49m which is mainly related to an acquisition in Spain.
Amortisation is included in ``depreciation, amortisation and impairment'' costs for the year in income statement.

13 Goodwill

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Balance at 1 January . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 825 784 776

Acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1 21 14

Divestments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 6 6

Reclassification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 0 1

Translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37 26 2

Balance at 31 December . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 782 825 784

Impairment test goodwill
For the years ended 2012 and 2011 management reviewed the business performance based on geography. Denmark, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden were the main cash-generating units. The impairment tests for goodwill have been performed within the fiscal year. The impairment test is performed by comparing recoverable amount with carrying value. The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.

F-52

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

13 Goodwill (Continued)
The recoverable amount per business area has been determined based on fair value less costs of disposal using a market approach. The valuation technique, significant assumptions and sensitivities applied in the goodwill impairment test are described below.
The market approach assumes that companies operating in the same industry will share similar characteristics and that company values will correlate to those characteristics. Therefore, a comparison of a CGU to similar companies whose financial information is publicly available provides a reasonable basis to estimate fair value. Under the market approach, fair value is calculated based on EBIT multiples of benchmark companies comparable to the businesses in each CGU. Data for the benchmark companies was obtained from publicly available information.
The significant assumptions are EBIT and the multiple used. For 2011 and 2012 a multiple of 11 was used for each of the CGUs. The recoverable amount for Netherlands in 2012 has been determined on the basis of value in use, applying discounted cash flow calculations. In the value in use calculations, management uses assumptions that it believes are reasonable based on the best information available as of the date of the financial statements.
The key assumptions were EBITDA margin development, the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), and the terminal growth rate of free cash flow. The calculations are based on forecasts approved by management, which management believes reflect past experience but also includes external information regarding developments and forecasts in the industry, and other externally available information. The forecast period was 5 years. The post-tax WACC rate was 7% and the terminal growth rate of free cash flow used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the forecast period was 3%.
For the Netherlands in 2012 there was small headroom and a reduction in of long term growth rate to a rise in discount rate would remove the remaining headroom. The amount of goodwill allocated to each country in 2012 and 2011 was as follows:

EURm

2012 2011

Denmark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32 32 Finland . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 148 147 Germany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37 37 Netherlands . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 153 135 Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 271 260 Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 15 Sweden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 164 158

Balance at 31 December . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 825 784

The result of the impairment tests shows that there is no need for write-down of the goodwill in either cash generating unit.
From the year-ended 2013 goodwill has been re-allocated due to the reorganization to two operating segments: Debt Purchasing and Debt Collection which coincides on which level Goodwill is monitored by management on group level.
When acquiring a company a PPA is prepared and the fair value of assets and liabilities are allocated to the different assets. Loans and receivables are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. It has therefore been concluded that the goodwill of EUR 782m is allocated in full to the Debt Collection segment.
The recoverable amounts have been determined on the basis of value in use, applying discounted cash flow calculations in the value in use calculations; management uses assumptions that it believes are reasonable based on the best information available as of the date of the financial statements.
The key assumptions were EBITDA margin development, the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), and the terminal growth rate of free cash flow. The calculations are based on forecasts approved by management, which management believes reflect past experience but also includes external information regarding developments and forecasts in the industry, and other externally available

F-53

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

13 Goodwill (Continued)
information. The forecast period was 5 years. The post-tax WACC rates and the terminal growth rates of free cash flow used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the forecast period are as follows.
Growth rate: 0 and 3%
WACC: 7%
To support the impairment tests performed on goodwill in the Group, a comprehensive analysis was performed of the sensitivity in the variables used in the model. A weakening of any of the significant assumptions i.e. EBITDA margin, Growth rate and WACC by one 1% point which is reasonably probable shows that there is a good margin between the recoverable amount and carrying amount.

14 (a) Financial instruments by category

EURm
Assets as per statement of financial position Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade and other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Equities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

31 December 2013

Loans and receivables

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

675 17 19 1 52

762

1

EURm
Liabilities as per statement of financial position Borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest rate swaps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan, tranches . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
700 147
130 23 41
1 041

Financial liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss
14 3
17

EURm
Assets as per statement of financial position Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Long-term loans to associated companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade and other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

31 December 2012

Loans and receivables

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

658 1 1
17 25 60

761

0

F-54

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

14 (a) Financial instruments by category (Continued)

EURm
Liabilities as per statement of financial position Borrowings . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest rate swaps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan, tranches . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
1 206 128
125 33 44
1 536

Financial liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss
12 6
18

EURm
Assets as per statement of financial position Purchased loans and receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Long-term loans to associated companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other long-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade and other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Equities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

31 December 2011

Loans and receivables

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

525 1 2
19 19
1 49

614

1

EURm
Liabilities as per statement of financial position Borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Interest rate swaps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Short-term loan, trenches . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
1 054 111
116 29 19
1 329

Financial liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss
10 9
19

14 (b) Credit quality of financial assets
The credit quality of financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired can be assessed by reference to external credit ratings (if available) or to historical information about counterparty default rates:
Purchased loans and receivables--See note 4 and15.
Trade receivables
The group's trade receivables are related to clients in various industries and regions. The group's largest client accounts for less than 5% of revenues in 2013 and 2012 and 5.2% in 2011. Most accounts receivable outstanding are with customers known to the group and whose creditworthiness is good and Lindorff has historically had very limited losses on such receivables.

F-55

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

14 (b) Credit quality of financial assets (Continued)
Other short-term receivables
Other short-term receivables consist mainly of fee outlay, where customer bearing the risk. It also includes capital purchases of fresh receivables and other receivables, where credit risk is considered to below.

Cash at bank and short-term bank deposits

EURm

2013 2012 2011

AAA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 5 5 A+ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27 30 36 A . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 19 3 BBB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 6 6

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52 60 49

15 Purchased loans and receivables
Purchased loans and receivables are classified as loans and receivables and recognised at amortised cost according to the effective interest method.
The group determines the carrying value by calculating the present value of estimated future cash flows at the receivables' initial effective interest rate. Adjustments are recognised in the income statement. In the company's opinion, the market's yield requirements in the form of effective interest rates on new portfolios have remained fairly constant despite turbulence in global financial markets in recent years. The valuation method used results in the best estimate of the fair value of debt portfolios.
The carrying value of purchased loans and receivables:

EURm
Balance 1 January . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Divestments and disposals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amortisation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revaluation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Translation differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at 31 December . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
658 154 5 116
1 16
675

2012
525 235
0 113
1 10
658

2011
497 117
0 93
2 2
525

The carrying value of Purchased loans and receivables does not equal the fair value which is determined by discounting the net cash flow i.e. the gross cash receipts reduced by the cost to collect discounted with a market based discount rate. The method and result of the fair value estimation as at 31 December are described below. The method falls within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

Fair value estimation of portfolios of purchased debt and receivables
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (e.g. loans and receivables) is determined by using valuation techniques such as net present value of estimated cash flows. For loans and receivables, the discount rate used is the weighted average cost of capital, which is weighted value of the Group's cost of debt and the cost of equity. The cost of equity is estimated by applying the capital asset pricing model.
The preparation of cash flow estimates requires significant estimates to be made by management regarding future cash flows from portfolios. The estimated future portfolio cash flows are reviewed by management each quarter. The fair value is estimated to be approximately EUR 820m and is based on net future estimated cash flows after tax, discounted with the estimated WACC for the Group. The corresponding carrying amount is EUR 675m which is based on IAS 39 using the estimated gross future cash flows, where the discount factor is the individual IRR for the each portfolio. The future cash flow

F-56

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

15 Purchased loans and receivables (Continued)
forecasts used to estimate the fair market value are the same as the cash flow forecast used in the accounting for loans and receivables at 31 December 2013.
The fair value estimation is based on estimated annual net cash flows from portfolios. The estimated annual net cash flows from portfolios is the assumed annual future collection on portfolios per country, less assumed annual collection costs per portfolio before tax. Collection costs consist of operational costs in the portfolio segment, i.e. commission to Debt Collection, payroll expenses, premises, communication costs, depreciation and other costs directly attributable to the Debt Purchasing segment. The collection costs as a percentage of the portfolio collection differ from portfolio to portfolio, ranging from 5.0% to over 50.0%.
In addition, the country specific marginal tax rate is applied. This individual collection cost and tax rate is applied to each portfolio's estimated future cash flow, adding up to an estimated total net cash flow for the Group.
The weighted average cost of capital after tax is estimated to 7.88% (details of the calculation is shown below). Based on this rate, the discounted value of the estimated net cash flows indicates that the fair value of portfolios is approximately EUR 820m.
To evaluate this calculation, a sensitivity analysis of the cash flow estimates is presented in the table below in order to see the effect of deviations to the cash flow estimates and variations in the cost of capital.

Fair Value (NPV) Eur million

WACC variations
6.5% 7.5% 7.878% 8.0% 8.5%

90%
789.2 758.5 747.4 744.0 729.9

%of forecast performance

95%

100%

105%

827.7 795.4 783.8 780.1 765.4

865.9 832.1 820.0 816.1 800.7

904.0 868.7 856.0 852.0 835.9

110%
942.0 905.1 891.9 887.7 870.9

The cost of capital after tax is calculated using the capital asset pricing model (CAPM) in combination with the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Based on the variables from the table below, the estimated cost of capital after tax is approximately 7.88%.

Risk free rate
The risk free rate used in the calculation of the WACC is based on the 10 year Norwegian government bond, which on 31st December was priced at 3.10%. However, the Group has a significant part of the cash flows in other different currencies, the largest being EUR and SEK. The respective 10 year government bond for these currencies range from 1.94% for EUR, 3.10% for NOK and 2.53% for SEK. Given the fluctuations in the yield for these bonds we deem it reasonable and conservative to use the Norwegian 10 year government bond as basis for the risk free rate for the Group. Calculating a currency specific WACC for each currency, the risk free rate element would have reduced the WACC slightly compared to the WACC estimated for the Group.

Risk premium
Based on empirical research done the long-term risk premium is about 4.4%. It is reasonable to assume that the risk of investing in nonperforming loan portfolios is higher than observed average market risk premium. Therefore an additional risk premium of 2% is added to the calculation--resulting in a total risk premium of 6.4%. Compared to research published early 2014 analysing credit spreads across world markets, a risk premium of 6.4% may be conservative as this suggests market risk premiums in the Group's markets ranging from 4.75% in Norway to 7.63% in Russia.

F-57

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

15 Purchased loans and receivables (Continued)
Equity Beta
The equity beta is based on 5 years of weekly observations against the MSI world index for Intrum Justitia. The calculations are based on data from Bloomberg. We have then used this as a basis for our Beta re-levered.

Future cash flow estimates
The future cash flow estimates are based on the current 15 year IFRS forecast for the current asset base with no value after this 15 year period. Therefore there are no adding cash flows from future investments included in the fair value estimation.

Cost of Capital calculation--WACC

Factor
10-year risk-free rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Equity Beta (Observed) Raw . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Beta Relevered . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Market risk premium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Unsystematic risk/additional risk component . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Risk Premium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax rate group . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of equity/required return on Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cost of debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Equity weight . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Debt weight . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
WACC (after tax) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

31 December 2013
3.10% 0.77 1.13 4.40% 2.00%
6.40%
25.00%
10.35% 7.46%
48.04% 51.96%
7.88%

16 Other long-term assets

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Investment in associated company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -- 2 4 Long-term receivables associated companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -- 1 1 Other financial assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0 1 2 Restricted deposits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 -- --

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 3 6

The 50% share of M.G De Jong Bailiff Service in the Netherlands was sold in December 2013, Other financial assets' fair value is equal to its book value and is within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

17 Trade receivables Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing and are generally on 30-90 days' terms.

Age analysis

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Trade receivables < 30 days . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 15 17 Trade receivables 30-60 days . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 0 0 Trade receivables 61-90 days . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 0 0 Trade receivables >90 days . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 1 2

Total trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17 17 19

Provision for impairment of trade receivables for 2013 amounted to EUR 361k (2012: 18; 2011:425).

F-58

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

18 Other short-term receivables

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Financed receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0 1 1 Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 6 6 Accrued income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 10 7 Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 14 10 Account receivable--VAT related . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 1 3 Short term investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 0 1

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35 31 29

Financed receivables, accrued income and other short-term receivables fair values are based on unobservable inputs not corroborated by market data and are equal to book value and within level 3 of fair value hierarchy.

19 Cash and short-term deposits
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates which is based on daily bank deposit rates.
At 31 December 2013, the group had available EUR 40m (2012: EUR 40m; 2011: EUR 40m) of undrawn committed overdraft facilities.

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Cash at hand and in banks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52 60 49

Cash and cash equivalents (excluding bank overdrafts) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52 60 49

20 Share capital and premium

EURm

Number of shares

Par value Book value Par value Book value

ordinary ordinary

share

share

shares

shares

premium premium Total

A1-shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 237 685 415 0,01

2

1,54

365

367

A2-shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 239 018 748 0,01

2

1,52

363

366

B-shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 333 330 0,01

0

0,99

13

13

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 490 037 493

5

742 747

In July 2013, the company's share capital was increased by means of converting EUR 3m of shareholder loans into ordinary shares and EUR 530m of shareholder loans into share premium. All shares have the same economic rights. Al and A2 shares have 10 votes per share: B shares have 1 vote per share.

21 Group companies
Lindorff First Holding AB is the ultimate parent company of the group. The company was established in 2006 and was dormant until medio 2008 when it was capitalised by new owners and subsequently purchased 100% of Lindorff Second Holding AB, which purchased Lindorff Group AB. The registered domicile of Lindorff First Holding AB is Stockholm, Sweden, with office address at Kungsgatan 57A, P.O. Box 47292, SE-100 74 Stockholm, Sweden. The group is organised in a legal structure with Lindorff First Holding AB as the ultimate parent company, which owns Lindorff Second Holding AB, which in turn owns Lindorff Group AB. Lindorff Group AB holds 100% of the parent/holding companies per country or region.

The holding companies are: · Norway and Denmark: Lindorff Holding Norway AS · Sweden: Lindorff Sverige Holding AB, which also holds a Norwegian subsidiary · Finland and Baltic countries, Russia and Ukraine: Lindorff Group AB with branch in Finland

F-59

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

21 Group companies (Continued) · Germany: Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH · The Netherlands: Lindorff Netherlands Holding B.V. · Spain: Lindorff Holding Spain S.L.U

Lindorff First Holding AB

Subsidiary

Corp.lD no

No of % of Book value

Domicile shares capital

2013

Lindorff Second Holding AB . . . . . . . . . . SE 556714-9355 Sweden 1 100 100% 701 750

Group 31 December 2013 Company

Corporate identity number

Domicile

Share of % of capital votes

Lindorff Second Holding AB . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Group AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Holding Norway AS . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Norge AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Obligations AS . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff A/S . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Danmark A/S . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Sverige Holding AB . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Capital AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Sverige AB . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Group AB, filial i Finland . . . . . . Lindorff Finland Oy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . OOO Lindorff . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Ukraine LLC . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Oy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Invest OY . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Eesti AS . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Oy, fillalas . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Oy Latvijas filiale . . . . . . . Lindorif Netherlands Holding B.V. . . . . . . . Lindorff Netherlands B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Credit Management B.V. . . . . Lindorff B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Finanzholding GmbH . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Holding GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lindorff Deutschland GmbH . . . . . . . . Lindorff Holding Spain SLU . . . . . . . . . . .

SE 556714-9355 SE 556723-5956 NO 992 984 899 NO 986 058 818 NO 835 302 202 NO 945 153 547 DK CVR 17 47 31 82 DK CVR 18 45 79 70 SE 556664-5460 NO 958 422 830 SE 556209-5363 Fl 2200090-9 Fl 1858518-2 5077746802568 36219617 Fl 0140351-4 Fl 0425475-3 EE 10123 1048 LT 111 882 842 LV 403 514 990 NL 08178741 NL 05082522 NL 30110641 NL 05025428 HRB 175161 HRB 63483 HRB 26141 B 86128147

Sweden Sweden Norway Norway Norway Norway Denmark Denmark Sweden Norway Sweden Finland Finland Russia Ukraine Finland Finland Estonia Lithuania Latvia Netherlands Netherlands Netherlands Netherlands Germany Germany Germany Spain

100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%

100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%

Changes in legal structure during 2013:
Mirror Accounting Group was sold in January and M.G De Jong Bailiff Services in the Netherlands and Burgel Ko¨ln GmbH in Germany were both sold in December. Lindorff Frej AB, Lindorff Outsourcing AB and Content Sverige AB have been merged with Lindorff Sverige Holding AB (Sweden). Lindorff Purchase BV has been merged with Lindorff BV (NL). Lindorff Contact Centre SL, Lindorff Legal Centre SL and Lindorff Collections Espana SL have been merged with Lindorff Espana SLU as the absorbing company (Spain) Lindorff Content OY (Finland) has been liquidated.

22 Trade payables

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Trade payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23 33 29

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23 33 29

Trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 30-day terms.

F-60

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

23 Other short-term liabilities

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Public duties payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 6 6 Deferred revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 0 0 Accrued costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 13 13 Accounts Payable--Payroll related . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 18 17 Deferred payments portfolio capex short-term . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 19 2 Other short-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21 7 3

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69 64 42

Accrued expenses are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of 30 days.
Accrued costs, deferred payments and other short-term liabilities' fair values equal their carrying amounts. The fair value measurements are based on unobservable inputs not corroborated by market data and are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

24 Borrowings

EURm
Non-current liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Prepaid fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Carrying value of liabilities to credit institutions* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subordinated loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Vendor notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mezzanine loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other shareholder loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Convertible loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total non-current liabilities* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2013
580 17 563 298 101
35 1
161
861

2012
608 21 587 759
87 33 498 140
1 346

2011
539 24 514 661
76 31 433 121
1 175

* Liabilities to credit institutions net of prepaid bankfees which are amortised over the maturity of the loans

Current liabilities

Liabilities to credit institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 130 125 116 Total borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 991 1 471 1 291 The carrying amounts of the Group borrowings are denominated in the following currencies:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

EUR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 722 1 137 932

NOK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 109 141 136

SEK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 127 152 174

DKK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34

40

49

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 991 1 471 1 291

The group has the following undrawn borrowing facilities:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Revolver . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40 40 40 Acquisition facility . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 29 50 Borrowing base . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53 33 100

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 102 102 190

F-61

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

24 Borrowings (Continued)
Liabilities to credit institutions
Bank borrowings mature partly in end of June 2017 and end of June 2018. Average interest rate is 5.6% for 2013, 6.4% for 2012 and 7.1% for 2011. Borrowings are bank debt secured by share pledge in all material companies. The group has limited exposure to interest change, with quarterly interest fixing on all facilities. The fair value of current borrowings equals the carrying amount, with interest fixing end of each quarter on all facilities and is within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The impact of discounting is not significant.
The bank facilities have covenant conditions related to EBITDA/Net Debt relation and several other requirements. There has been no breach of the covenants.

Subordinated loans
The subordinated loans are ranked pari passu to each other, but subordinated to the other debt financing instruments in place. Shareholder loans amounting to EUR 533m were converted to equity with effect from 1 July 2013. These loans had a yearly payment of kind interest of 15%.
The vendor notes are issued by various lenders and charges a payment in kind interest that increases by 2% after each full year since origination. This started at 10% from 18 July 2008 and is now at the maximal level of 16% per anno.
Lindorff Second Holding AB has raised a mezzanine loan from its shareholder Indif AB. The mezzanine loan has a payment in kind interest of 6%, and additionally a payable interest portion consisting of a variable component which is linked to the 12 month EURIBOR + 6%.
The fair value of the subordinated loans is equal to book value and is within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
The convertible loans consist of one loan towards Indif AB amounting to EUR 135m which has an annual payment in kind interest of 8% and three interest free convertibles towards Coinvest AB with a face value of EUR 7.5m.
The convertible loan towards Indif AB was issued on the 10th of June 2008 and is due for repayment on the 30th of June 2019, unless conversion occurs prior to this or by demand of the holder. Indif AB may call for conversion of its receivable within the period starting 31 December 2013 and ending 31 December 2015 or at an earlier or later date should a change of control take place. Conversion premiums are increasing and scaled upwards in a detailed schedule in the loan documentation. The group has deemed the conversion right to be an equity instrument as the adjustments are fixed and only affected by the passage of time.
The fair value of the liability component of the convertible loan towards Indif at 31 December 2013 amounted to EUR 147m. The fair value is calculated using cash flows discounted at a rate based on the borrowing rate of 15% and is within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
Coinvest AB is controlled and governed by Altor 2003 Lindorff Holdings Limited, Altor II Lindorff Holdings Limited, Indif AB and more than 30 key employees from the group's management. The convertible debentures to Coinvest AB are due for repayment at the latest on 31 January 2019.
The convertibles can be settled by the company by issuing a variable number of shares which means that there is no equity component and that the instrument is recognised as a liability in full. The fair value of convertibles towards Coinvest AB is estimated to EUR14m for the year-ending 2013 (2012: 12; 2011: 10). The fair value is based on comparable to trading multiples and is within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
The convertible loans towards Indif AB and Coinvest AB are recognised in the statement of financial position as follows:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Convertible towards Indif AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 147 128 111 Convertible towards Coinvest AB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 12 10

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 161 140 121

F-62

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

25 Other long-term liabilities

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Deferred income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0 Provisions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0

60 11 40

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 11 1

The fair value of other long-term liabilities equals their carrying amount, as the impact of discounting is not significant. The fair value is based on unobservable inputs not corroborated by market data and is within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

26 Derivative financial instruments

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Interest rate swaps Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 6 9

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 6 9

The fair value of interest rate swaps is equal its' carrying value. The fair value is based on market data and is within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
The full fair value of the derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability if the remaining maturity is more than 12 months and, as a current asset or liability, if the maturity is less than 12 months.
The notional principal amounts of the outstanding interest rate swap contracts at 31 December 2013 were EUR 3.4m (2012:6.2; 2011:8.6).
At 31 December 2013, the fixed interest rates were 0.293%, 1.68% and 0.927% (2012: 0.19%, 1.83% to 1.3%), and the main floating rates are EURIBOR 3months, NIBOR 3month and STIBOR 3 months.

27 Post-employment benefits
The group has pension liabilities from defined benefit plans in Norway. The major plans are covered by assets in funds administrated by insurance companies. The plans are final salary pension plans, which provide benefits to members in the form of a guaranteed level of pension payable for a specific number of years. The level of benefits provided depends on members' length of service and their salary in the final years leading up to retirement. The plans have been closed to new employees since 2006. Pensions for new employees are instead based on defined contribution arrangements.
The pension costs and pension liabilities for the defined plans are presented below.

The amounts recognised in the Statement of financial position are determined as follows:

EURm
Present value of funded obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fair value of plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deficit of funded plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Present value of unfunded obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deficit of defined benefit pension plans . . . . . . . . . . . . Impact of minimum funding requirement/asset ceiling . . . . . .
Net liability in the statement of financial position . . . . . . .

2013
34 25
9 0
9 0
9

2012 Restated
46 34
11 1
12 0
12

2011 Restated
53 34
18 1
19 0
19

1 Jan 2011 Restated
48 33
14 1
15 0
16

F-63

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

27 Post-employment benefits (Continued) The movement in the defined benefit obligations over the year is as follows:

EURm

Present value of Fair value of plan

obligation

assets

Total

At 1 January 2011 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

48

33

15

Current service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

Interest expensel(-income) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

Administration and other costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

0

2

1

1

1

Total pension cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5

1

4

Remeasurements:

Remeasurement of defined benefit plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

2

4

Total remeasurements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

2

4

Exchange differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

Contributions from employers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

Benefit payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

Settlement and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

0

0

2

2

1

1

0

1

At 31 December 2011 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

53

34

19

Present value of Fair value of plan

obligation

assets

Total

At 1 January 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

53

34

19

Current service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3

Interest expense/(-income) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

0

3

1

0

4

1

3

Remeasurements: Remeasurement of defined benefit plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11

4

7

11

4

7

Exchange differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3

Contributions from employers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

Benefit payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

2

1

2

2

1

1

At 31 December 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

46

34

12

Present value of Fair value of plan

obligation

assets

Total

At 1 January 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

46

34

12

Current service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

Interest expensel(-income) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

0

2

1

0

3

1

2

Remeasurements:

Remeasurement on defined benefit plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

1

2

1

1

2

Exchange differences . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6

Contributions from employers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

Benefit payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

Sale of subsidiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

4

2

2

2

1

1

6

2

At 31 December 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

34

25

9

The plan assets consist primarily of investments in listed bonds. Due to the low net exposure there would not be a significant impact on the financial position of the company due to reasonable changes in the actuarial assumptions.

F-64

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

27 Post-employment benefits (Continued) The significant actuarial assumptions were as follows:

Major plans in Norway; Discount rate (OMF) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Salary increase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Increase of social security base (Norway) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Expected lifetime based on table . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

31 Dec 2013

31 Dec 31 Dec 31 Dec

2012

2011

2010

4,00% 3,80% 2,60% 4,00% 3,75% 3,50% 3,50% 4,00% 3,50% 3,25% 3,25% 3,75% K2013BE K2005 K2005 K2005

Pension insurance with Alecta, Sweden
Retirement pension and family pension obligations for salaried employees in Sweden are secured through pension insurance with Alecta. According to a statement issued by the Swedish Financial reporting Board (UFR 3), this constitutes a multi-employer plan. For the 2013 fiscal year, the company did not have access to such information that would enable the company to record this plan as a defined benefit plan. Consequently, the ITP pension plan secured through insurance with Alecta is recorded as a defined contribution plan. The contribution to the plan is determined based on the age, salary and previously earned pension benefits of the plan participants. The expected contributions for pension insurance taken out with Alecta for the next annual reporting period is expected to be in line with current year which was EUR 0.4m (2012: 0.4m, 2011: 0.3m). The group's level of participation in the plan is insignificant.
The collective consolidation ratio reflects the market value of Alecta's assets as a percentage of insurance obligations, calculated in accordance with Alecta's actuarial assumptions, which do not correspond with lAS 19. The collective solvency is normally allowed to vary between 125 and 155 percent. If the level of collective solvency is less than 125 percent or exceeds 155 percent, measures are to be taken in order to create conditions for restoring the level of collective solvency to the normal interval. Alecta's surplus can be distributed to the policyholders and/or the insured if the collective consolidation ratio exceeds 155 percent. However Alecta aim to avoid surplus by using reduced contributions. At December 31, 2013, Alecta's surplus corresponded to a collective consolidation ratio of 148 percent (2012; 129, 2011: 113).

Germany
In addition there is a defined benefit plan for one employee in Germany. The net value of the plan is positive and EUR 25k is recognised as a defined benefit asset (2012: 24; 2011: 17).

28 Provisions for other liabilities and charges The group had provisions for other liabilities of EUR 1m at the end of 2013 (2012: 1, 2011: 1).

29 Pledged assets, contingent assets and liabilities
The external funding of the group is secured through Lindorff First Holding AB, Lindorff Second Holding AB and Lindorff Group AB.
All material group companies, besides Lindorff First Holding AB, are jointly guaranteeing to the external debt lenders for the performance and obligations of the group.
When conducting their business, the group companies are from time to time obliged to provide bank guarantees to various government bodies or business parties. Such guarantees are backed by a guarantee facility which is part of the group's funding through Lindorff Group AB. The guarantee facility amounts to NOK 200m, where upon NOK 176m is currently utilized.
In order to finance Lindorff's operations Lindorff Group AB has put in place senior credit facilities from a consortium of banks. In order to secure this financing Lindorff Second Holding AB, being the parent company of Lindorff Group AB and the pledger in the financing arrangement, has pledged all of its shares in Lindorff Group AB as a security.

F-65

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

29 Pledged assets, contingent assets and liabilities (Continued) The book value of the share pledge amounts to:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Net assets (Share pledge) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 524 37 39 Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52 60 49

As of 31 December 2013 there were no contingent assets.

Contingent liabilities at the end of the reporting period consist of tax disputes and are described in tax note 9.

During the normal business operations, the group faces from time to time claims in civil lawsuits and disputes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts. None of these disputes is considered likely to have any significant effect on the group or its financial position.

30 Commitments (a) Capital commitments Capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not yet incurred is as follows:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Forward flow agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66 28 17

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66 28 17

The group has committed to buy non-performing debt portfolios for delivery in future periods (forward flow'' contracts) from financial institutions and other vendors (where if significant in certain countries) with an estimated purchase price of EUR 66m. The estimated face value and purchase price of the majority of the contracts is based on previous acquisitions under the same contracts (20-60% of face value) and are therefore reflecting the estimated business volumes for sale from the vendors under the forward flow commitments,

(b) Operating lease commitments--group company as lessee
The group leases various offices under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. The lease terms are between 5 and 10 years, and the majority of lease agreements are renewable at the end of the lease period at market rate.
The group also leases various plant, cars and machinery under cancellable operating lease agreements. The group is required to give a six-month notice for the termination of these agreements. The lease expenditure charged to the income statement during the year is disclosed under Other operating costs.
The future aggregated minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

EURm

2013 2012 2011

No later than 1 year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 14 11 Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26 33 23 Later than 5 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 21 2

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50 68 36

Classification

EURm

2013 2012 2011

Lease agreements, premises . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46 63 31 Other lease agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 4 5

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50 68 36

Lease expense during the period e amounts to EUR 15m (2012: 14; 2011: 15).

F-66

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

31 Business combinations
To strengthen its position in Spain and the Netherlands Lindorff has acquired three companies during 2011 and 2012:
a) Lindorff Holding Spain SLU acquired 100% of the shares in the debt collection company Reintegra Comercial SL in March 2012. The company changed name to Lindorff Legal Centre SL in August 2012.
b) Lindorff Netherlands BV acquired 100% of the shares in the debt collection company Solveon Incasso BV in December 2012. The company changed name to Lindorff Credit Management in January 2013.
c) Lindorff Holding Spain SLU acquired 100% of the shares in the debt collection company Reintegra Contact Centre SL in January 2011. The company changed name to Lindorff Contact Centre SL in March 2011.
As a result of the acquisitions, the group is expected to increase its presence in these markets. It also expects to reduce costs through economies of scale. The goodwill of EUR 5m, EUR 18m and EUR 15m arising from the acquisitions is attributable to economies of scale expected from combining the operations of the group and acquisitions. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.
The following table summarises the consideration paid for Lindorff Legal Centre SL, Lindorff Credit Management BV and Lindorff Contact Centre SL.
Transaction costs related to the acquisitions have been expensed (2012: EUR 1.8m and 2011: EUR 0.8m).

EURrn
Purchase price: --Cash paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total consideration transferred: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fair value of equity interest in Lindorff Legal Centre SL . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Lindorff Legal
Centre SL

2012
Lindorff Credit Management BV

8

18

8

18

8

1

0

17

2011 Lindorff Contact Centre SL
16 16
2 14

EURm

Fair value

Tangible fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

1

1

Customer relationship . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4

0

0

Long term receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0

0

1

Accounts receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

0

0

Other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

0

2

Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4

10

1

Accounts payables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

0

0

Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

10

1

Net assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

1

2

In December 2013 Lindorff acquired a collection unit of Banco Mare Nostrum, S.A in Spain with 20 FTEs and including a long term service agreement with the seller. The consideration of EUR 40m is for the exception of minor tangible assets and liabilities recognised as an intangible asset and is amortised over the life time of the contract which is 10 years.

32 Divested companies
The subsidiaries Lindorff Customer Services AB (Sweden), Decision AS and Match AS (both in Norway) were sold in 2011 and Mirror Accounting Group (Norway and Sweden) in January 2013

F-67

Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

32 Divested companies (Continued)
The table below shows revenue and EBITDA reported and revenues and EBITDA adjusted for the sold companies and the gain from the sales in 2011.

EURm
Total income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revenue sold companies* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Gain from sale of subsidiaries** . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Revenue continuing business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . EBITDA sold companies* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Gain from sale of subsidiaries* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . EBITDA continuing business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Year ended 31 December
2013 2012 2011
447 425 401 15 24 15
447 410 362
141 126 125 1 2 15
141 127 108

YoY 2013/2012
5%
9% 11%
10%

YoY 2012/2011
6%
13% 1%
18%

* Mirror Accounting Group (Mainly Norway and Sweden) sold in January 2013, Match AS (Norway) in May 2011, Lindorff Decision AS (Norway) and Lindorff Customber Services AB (Sweden) in September 2011.
** Gain from the sale of the subsidiaries in 2011
In December 2013 were the 50% share of M.G De Jong Bailiff Service in the Netherlands and Bu¨rgel Group in Germany sold. The group has recognised a net loss of EUR 0.5m from the sales in 2013.

33 Related party disclosures
The group is organised in a legal structure with Lindorff First Holding AB as the ultimate parent company, which owns 100% of Lindorff Second Holding AB, which in turn owns 100% of Lindorff Group AB. Lindorff Group AB owns 100% of the parent/holding companies per country or region.
The group's related parties include Group Management, members of the Board of Directors and shareholders.
All transactions with related parties are performed at normal market prices at arm's length.
Intra-group related party transactions and outstanding balances are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the group.
Except for subordinated loans (see note 8 and 24) and remuneration of two members of the Board of Directors (see note 6) no transactions with related parties have been carried out.
There have been no guarantees provided or received for any related party receivables or payables. For the year ended 31 December 2013, the group has not made any provisions relating to amounts owed by related parties (2012:0, 2011: 0). This assessment is undertaken each financial year by examining the financial position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates.

34 Events after the reporting date No significant events have happened after the reporting date.

F-68

Lock AS
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS Ruseløkkveien 26 P.O. Box 1400 Vika Oslo Norway

THE ISSUERS

Lock Lower Holding AS
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS Ruseløkkveien 26 P.O. Box 1400 Vika Oslo Norway

LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUER

As to United States and English Law

As to Norwegian Law

Latham & Watkins (London) LLP 99 Bishopsgate
London EC2M 3XF United Kingdom

Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS Ruseløkkveien 26 P.O. Box 1400 Vika Oslo Norway

LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE INITIAL PURCHASERS

As to United States and English Law

As to Norwegian Law

Ropes & Gray International LLP 5 New Street Square London EC4A 3BF United Kingdom

Arntzen de Besche Advokatfirma AS Bygdøy alle´ 2 P.O. Box 2734 Solli, 0204 Oslo Norway

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB Torsgatan 21
SE-113 97 Stockholm Sweden

TRUSTEE
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street London EC2N 2DB United Kingdom

EURO SENIOR SECURED NOTES REGISTRAR AND SENIOR NOTES
REGISTRAR
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer S.A.
L-115, Luxembourg Luxembourg

SECURITY AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street London EC2N 2DB United Kingdom

NORWEGIAN PAYING AGENT AND NOK REGISTRAR
Nordea Bank Norge SAS Christianbro, Strandgade 3
DK-1401 Copenhagen K Denmark

LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE TRUSTEE AND SECURITY AGENT
White & Case LLP 5 Old Broad Street London EC2N 1DW
United Kingdom

No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this offering memorandum. This offering memorandum does not offer to sell or solicit offers to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful, where the person making the offer is not qualified to do so, or to any person who cannot legally be offered the Notes.
LOCK AS e252,500,000 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020 NOK 1,680,000,000 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020
e550,000,000 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2021
LOCK LOWER HOLDING AS e250,000,000 9.500% Senior Notes due 2022 SEK 1,850,000,000 Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2022

12AUG201407190498

Goldman Sachs International Global Coordinator and Physical Bookrunner

Offering of the Euro Notes
Deutsche Bank Joint Bookrunners

Nordea

Goldman Sachs International Global Coordinator and Joint
Physical Bookrunner

Offering of the NOK Notes
Nordea Joint Physical Bookrunner

Deutsche Bank Joint Bookrunner

OFFERING MEMORANDUM

