NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA p å telefon +47 22 87 94 00 eller e-post veras@trustee.no.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 0584683 - 15.00 per cent Interoil Exploration & Production ASA Senior Callable Bond Issue 2010/2014

Oslo, 20 November, 2013

Proposed changes to loan agreement - Summons to repeated Bondholders' Meetings

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") is appointed as trustee for the abovementioned bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0584683 (the "Bond Loan") issued by Interoil Exploration & Production ASA (the "Issuer", the "Company" or "Interoil").

All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein (including any attachment hereto) shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement for the Bond Loan dated 8 September 2010 (as amended) (the "Bond Agreement").

The information in this summons regarding the Issuer is provided solely by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1.

BACKGROUND

1.1 Introduction

A Bondholder's Meeting for the Bond Issue was held on 18 November 2013 pursuant to a summons of 1 November 2013. The purpose of the Bondholder's Meeting was to vote on certain proposed amendments to the Bond Loan (as further described in the summons of 1 November 2013).

A total of 45.48 % of the Bondholders where represented at the Bondholder's Meeting. Thus, the Bondholder's Meeting did not form a quorum, and no valid resolution was made. All of the Bondholders (100%) represented at the Bondholder's Meeting voted in favour of the proposal. The notice from the Bondholder's Meeting is attached hereto as Exhibit 1.

In accordance with clause 16.4 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has decided to summon a repeated Bondholder's Meeting to vote on the Proposal (as this term is defined below and in the summons to Bondholder's Meeting dated 1 November 2013).

1

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9 4 10 | www.tm stee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
1.2 Initial Restructuring; separate holding of Peruvian and Colombian activities
Interoil has, as described in the summons to Bondholder's Meeting dated 1 July 2013, initiated a process with a view to optimising the Interoil group holding structure. To this end, Interoil has commenced an intra-group restructuring in order to implement a more flexible holding structure for the Company's activities in Columbia and Peru (the "Initial Restructuring").
Prior to the Initial Restructuring, Interoil Exploration & Production Latin America AS ("LATAM") was the holding company for the activities in both Columbia and Peru. The purpose of the Initial Restructuring was to separate the holding of the activities in Peru and Colombia to two separate, wholly owned subsidiaries.
Interoil intended to implement the Initial Restructuring - in accordance with an approval given hy the Bondholders in a Bondholder's Meeting held on 17 July 2013 - by transferring the shares in Interoil Peru S.A. (Peru) ("IOP") and North Oil Services S.A.C. (Peru) ("NOSP") (IOP and NOSP together, the "Peruvian Companies") from LATAM to a new subsidiary of Interoil, Interoil Peru Holding AS ("IPH").
The transfer of the Peruvian Companies from LATAM to IPH was intended to be carried out by way of a sale. The transaction has not been settled and completed.
1.3 Amended Restructuring; reversal of Initial Restructuring and implementation of new group structure
After the Initial Restructuring was approved, Interoil has become aware of certain regulatory issues in Peru which will have as its effect that the Initial Restructuring cannot, as previously anticipated, be consummated.
As a consequence of these regulatory issues, the Initial Restructuring will not be completed, and Interoil will as a consequence hold both its Peruvian and Colombian activities through LATAM. IPH - which was included as a Subsidiary in the Bond Agreement solely for the purpose of implementing the Initial Restructuring - will thus not hold any assets, and will therefore not be relevant with respect to the Security Interests created pursuant to the terms of the Bond Agreement. The Issuer will therefore propose that IPH is taken out from the Bond Agreement.
Interoil remains committed to implementing a flexible and robust company group structure by separating the holding of the Peruvian and Colombian activities. The Company has therefore resolved to transfer Interoil Columbia Exploration & Production Inc. (British Virgin Island) ("IOCO"), which holds and operates Interoil's Colombian assets, from LATAM to UP Colombia Holding AS ("UPCH") which is incorporated as a new wholly owned (100%) subsidiaiy of Interoil (the "Amended Restructuring").
UPHC is a Norwegian limited liability company with company registry number 9123 84 551 and its registered address Klingenberggata 7 B, 0161 Oslo.
2
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9 410 | ww w .trastee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

As Interoil considered the implementation of the Amended Restructuring as a time critical issue, the Amended Restructuring has already been consummated by transferring IOCO to UPCH. Interoil hence asks the Bondholder's Meeting to approve the necessary amendments to the Bond Agreement and give the necessary consents to the Amended Restructuring after the restructuring (as a matter of fact) has been implemented.

Prior to the implementation of the Amended Restructuring, Interoil established identical Security Interests in relation to UPCH as those established in relation to LATAM. This includes establishment of the Share Charge, the General Pledges and the Guarantee, all on the terms and conditions set out in the Security Documents already entered into in relation to LATAM.

1.4 Summary of the proposal

The Bondholder's Meeting is requested to approve the following changes to the Bond Agreement:

i. Change the definition of "Subsidiaries" by including UPCH ii. Change the definition of "Subsidiaries" by deleting IPH

The Bondholder's meeting is also requested to approve of the following:

iii. Approve of the Amended Restructuring iv. Approve that the Initial Restructuring is not carried out and the implementation
o f the necessary reversal steps.

2.

PROPOSED AMDENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT

2.1 Introduction

The Issuer will propose that the Bondholders agree to the necessary amendments of the Bond Agreement in order to implement the proposals set out in section 1 above. Approving these proposals will require the Bondholders to give certain waivers as well as adopting the specific, interdependent amendments to the Bond Agreement (such proposed changes together referred to as the "Proposal") described in this section 2.

2.2 Amendments to the Bond Agreement

The Issuer proposes the following change in the Bond Agreement in order to align the Bond Agreement with the group structure after the Amended Restructuring and the reversal of the Initial Restructuring:

(1) The definition of "Subsidiaries" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to include UPCH and exclude IPH, and shall read as follows:

"Subsidiaries "means, fo r the purpose o f this Bond Agreement, thefollowing directly and indirectly 100% owned subsidiaries o f the Issuer:
3

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www .tm stee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

(i) InterOil Exploration & Production Latin America A S (Norway) (registration no. 988 672 653) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f the Issuer;
(ii) North Oil Services S.A. C. (Peru) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f InterOil Exploration & Production Latin America AS;
(Hi) InterOil Peru S.A. (Peru) being a 100% owned subsidiary o fInterOil Exploration & Production Latin America AS.
(iv) UP Colombia Holding A S (Norway) (registration no. 912 384 551) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f the Issuer;
(v) InterOil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (British Virgin Island) (which fo r the avoidance o f doubt shall include the branch InterOil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (Colombia)), being a 100% owned subsidiary o f UP Colombia Holding AS."

2.3 Approval of the Amended Restructuring

The Issuer proposes that the Bondholders approve of the Amended Restructuring, including the sale and transfer of IOCO from LATAM to UPCH; by giving all necessary waivers and approvals.

This includes a waiver of Clause 13.3 (h), cf. 13.7 (a), with respect to the sale, and waiver of any other applicable provision (including releasing any pledges).

2.4 Approval of new Security Interest in UPCH

The Issuer proposes that the Bondholders approve of the establishment of Security Interests in relation to UPCH in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders); including the establishment of a Share Charge, a General Pledge and a Guarantee.

2.5 Approval of non-implementation of the Initial Restructuring

The Issuer proposes that the Bondholders consent to the non-implementation of the Initial Restructuring (including any reversal steps) by giving all necessary waivers and approvals.

3.

COMPANY UPDATE

For access to the latest quarterly reports and other recent presentations, please visit the Company's web site www.interoil.no, or www.newsweb.no for stock exchange announcements.

4

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

4.

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

4.1 The Issuer's evaluation

The Issuer is of the opinion that the Proposal is in the best interest o f the Bondholders.

Bondholders may for further information also contact Thomas J. Fjell (tel.: +47 67518850).

4.2 The Bond Trustee's evaluation

The Proposal described herein is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable and vote accordingly.

5.

SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS

Based on the above information, the Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting (the "Bondholders' Meeting"):

Time: Place:

6 December 2013 13:00 hours (Oslo time) The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VII's gate 1 - 5th floor, Oslo, Norway

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Request for consent to waiver and amendments to certain Clauses in the Bond
Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting under agenda item 4 resolve the following:

"The Bondholders' Meeting approve the Proposal as described in item 2 o f the summons, and, consequently, the Bond Agreement shall be deemed amended as required to complete the amendments and all waivers necessary shall be deemed to have been given.
The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised to complete the negotiation o f form, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal, without any obligation to notify the Bondholders as providedfo r in Clause 16.2 o f the Bond Agreement. Further, the Bond Trustee is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders 'Meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including making amendments to the Bond Agreement and enter into an addendum agreement to the Bond Agreement."

5

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour o f the resolution. As this Bondholder's Meeting is summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 of the Bond Agreement, there is no minimum attendance requirement for the Bondholder's Meeting to form a quorum. Attached hereto is a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), as Exhibit 2, indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof o f ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page o f this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours Sincerely,
Enclosure: Exhibit 1: Notice from Bondholder's Meeting held 1 November 2013 Exhibit 2: VPS Statement / Power of attorney form
6
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Pax: +47 22 87 9 410 | www .trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Effli&iT 'i

Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0584683 -15.00 per cent Interoil Exploration & Production ASA Senior Callable Bond Issue 2010/2014
Oslo, 18 November 2013
Notice from Bondholders' Meeting
Today a Bondholders' meeting was held pursuant to summons o f 1 November 2013. There were not sufficient Bondholders present at the meeting to form a quorum, and no valid resolution was made, however the proposed resolution obtained 100 % of the votes.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
fe t/l
Linn Verås

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 94 to | www.trustee.no

