FINAL TERMS

Final Terms dated 25 November 2016

SP MORTGAGE BANK PLC Issue of EUR 500,000,000 0.100 per Cent. Covered Bonds due 2021
Covered Bond Programme

PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 November 2016 which constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at the offices of BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L1855 Luxembourg and on the Issuer's website www.saastovankki.fi/debtinvestors and www.ise.ie/ and copies may be obtained from the registered office of Sp Mortgage Bank Plc at c/o Savings Bank's Union Coop, Linnoitustie 9, 02600 Espoo, Finland.

The expression "Prospectus Directive" means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive and the expression "2010 PD Amending Directive" means Directive 2010/73/EU provided, however, that all references in this document to the "Prospectus Directive" in relation to any Member State of the European Economic Area refer to Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the relevant Member State), and include any relevant implementing measure in the relevant Member State.

1. Issuer:

Sp Mortgage Bank Plc

2. (i) Series Number:

2016-1

(ii) Tranche Number:

1

(iii) Date on which the Covered Bonds become fungible:

Not Applicable

3. Specified Currency or Currencies:

Euro ("EUR")

4. Aggregate NominalAmount:

EUR 500,000,000

(i) Series:

EUR 500,000,000

(ii) Tranche:

EUR 500,000,000

5. Issue Price:

99.910 per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6. (i) Specified Denominations:

EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including EUR 199,000. No Definitive Covered Bonds will be issued with a denomination above EUR 199,000.

(ii) Calculation Amount:

EUR 1,000

7. (i) Issue Date:

29 November 2016

(ii) Interest Commencement Date:

Issue Date

8. (i) Maturity Date:

29 November 2021

1 -

-

(ii) Extended Maturity Date: 9. Interest Basis:

29 November 2022 (a) Period to (but excluding) the Maturity Date: 0.100 per cent. Fixed Rate per annum

(b) Period from (and including) the Maturity Date up to (but excluding) (i) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Series of Covered Bonds are redeemed and (ii) the Extended Maturity Date:

1-month EURIBOR + 0.02 per cent. Floating Rate

(see paragraphs 14 and 18 below)

10. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.

11. Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment Applicable (see paragraph 9 above) Basis:

12. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

13. (i) Status of the Covered Bonds:

Senior

(ii) Date Board approval for issuance of 24 October 2016 Covered Bonds obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

14. Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions

Applicable from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date:

(i) Rate(s) of Interest:

0.100 per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date

(ii) First Interest Payment Date:

29 November 2017

(iii) Interest Payment Date(s):

29 November in each year (up to and including the Maturity Date)

(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount (s):

EUR 1.0 per Calculation Amount

(v) Broken Amount(s):

Not Applicable

(vi) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/Actual (ICMA)

15. Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions

Not Applicable

16. Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE FROM THE MATURITY DATE TO THE EXTENDED MATURITY DATE

17. Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions

Not Applicable

2 -

-

18. Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions

Applicable

(i) Specified Period:

Period from (and including) the Maturity Date up to (but excluding) (i) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Series o f Covered Bonds are redeemed and (ii) the Extended Maturity Date

(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates:

The 29th calendar day o f each calendar month commencing on (but excluding) the Maturity Date up to (and including) the earlier of (i) the date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or (ii) the Extended Maturity Date subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in paragraph 18(iv) below

(iii) First Interest Payment Date:

29 December 2021

(iv) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention (adjusted)

(v) Additional Business Centre(s):

TARGET2 (in accordance with the Conditions), London and Helsinki

(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined:

Screen Rate Determination

(vii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) o f Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent):

Not Applicable

(viii) Screen Rate Determination:

 Reference Rate:

1 month EURIBOR

 Interest Determination Date(s):

Two (2) TARGET Business Days prior each Interest Period

 Relevant Screen Page:

Reuters Screen Page EURIBOR01

 Relevant Time:

11.00 a.m. (Brussels time)

 Relevant Financial Centre:

Brussels

(ix) ISDA Determination:

Not Applicable

(x) Linear interpolation

Not Applicable

(xi) Margin(s):

+0.02 per cent. per annum

(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(xiii) Maximum Rate o f Interest:

Not Applicable

(xiv) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

19. Call Option

Not Applicable

20. Put Option

Not Applicable

3 -

-

21. Final Redemption Amount of each Covered EUR 1,000 per Calculation Amount Bond

22. Early Redemption Amount

Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation Amount payable on redemption for taxation reasons or other early redemption:

Not Applicable

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS

23. Form of Covered Bonds:

Bearer Covered Bonds:

Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond which is exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Covered Bond

24. New Global Covered Bond/New Safekeeping Structure:

Yes (New Global Covered Bond)

25. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other

TARGET2, London, Helsinki

special provisions relating to payment dates:

26. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to No Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on which such Talons mature):

Signed on behalf of Sp Mortgage Bank Pic:

By: Duly authorised

........

4 -

-

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1.

LISTING AND ADMISSION TO

TRADING

(i)

Admission to Trading:

Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange with effect from 29 November 2016.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related EUR 600 to admission to trading:

2.

RATINGS

The Covered Bonds to be issued are expected to be rated:

Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited: AAA

3.

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE

ISSUE/OFFER

Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business save as discussed in "Subscription and sale" in the Base Prospectus.

4.

Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only --YIELD

Indication of yield:

0.118 per cent. per annum

5.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

ISIN Code:

XS1526515892

Common Code:

152651589

Delivery:

Delivery against payment

Names and addresses of additional Paying Not Applicable Agent(s) (if any):

Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

6.

DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS

Derivative Transaction applicable to Yes

5 -

-

issuance of Covered Bonds:

(i) Type of Derivative Transaction:

Interest Rate Swap Transaction

(ii) Description

of

Derivative Interest Rate Swap Transaction for hedging risks

Transaction:

relating to the Covered Bonds

(iii) Derivative Transaction as specific Yes collateral for this issuance:

(iv) Swap counterparty:

BNP Paribas and Nordea Bank Finland Plc

(v) Collateral posting requirements:

Yes (following downgrade of the Swap counterparty)

7.

DISTRIBUTION

(i) Method of Distribution:

Syndicated

(ii) If syndicated:

(A) Names of Dealers

BNP Paribas, London Branch

Nordea Bank Danmark A/S

Landesbank Baden-Wurttemberg

(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if any: Not Applicable

(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: Not Applicable

(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions:

Reg S Compliance Category 2;

TEFRA D

6 -

-

