IMPORTANT NOTICE THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NON-U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED BELOW) LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Prospectus following this page and you are therefore advised to read this page carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Prospectus. In accessing the Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers (as defined below) as a result of such access.
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.
THE ATTACHED PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR U.S. ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT.
Confirmation of your representation: In order to be eligible to view the attached Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to the securities being offered, prospective investors must be non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) located outside the United States. This Prospectus is being sent to you at your request, and by accessing this Prospectus you shall be deemed to have represented to Fastighets AB Balder (the "Issuer"), Barclays Bank PLC, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Nordea Bank AB (publ) (together the "Joint Lead Managers"), that (1) you are purchasing the securities being offered in an offshore transaction (within the meaning of Regulation S) and the electronic mail address that you gave us and to which this email has been delivered is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States or the District of Columbia, and (2) you consent to delivery of such Prospectus by electronic transmission.
You are reminded that this Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession this Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Prospectus to any other person. This Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer, and the Joint Lead Managers or any affiliate of the Joint Lead Managers is a licensed broker or dealer in the relevant jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Joint Lead Managers or such affiliate on behalfofthe Issuer in suchjurisdiction.
The attached Prospectus may only be distributed to, and is directed at, (a) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within article 19(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order"), or (b) high-net-worth entities falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order, and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated, falling within article 49(1) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.
The attached Prospectus has been sent to you in electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none ofthe Joint Lead Managers or any person who controls them or any director, officer, employee or agent of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Joint Lead Managers.
Please ensure that your copy is complete. You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this email is at your own risk, and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature.

PROSPECTUS DATED 9 March 2017
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws o fKingdom o fSweden)
EUR 500,000,000 1.125 per cent. Notes due 2022
EUR 500,000,000 1.875 per cent. Notes due 2025
The issue price of the EUR 500,000,000 1.125 per cent. Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes") of Fastighets AB Balder (the "Issuer") is 99.441 per cent. of their principal amount. The issue price of the EUR 500,000,000 1.875 per cent. Notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes" and together with the 2022 Notes, the "Notes") of the Issuer is 99.033 per cent. of their principal amount.
Unless previously redeemed or cancelled, the 2022 Notes will be redeemed at their principal amount, together with accrued interest, on 14 March 2022 (the "2022 Maturity Date") and the 2025 Notes will be redeemed at their principal amount, together with accrued interest, on 14 March 2025 (the "2025 Maturity Date"). The Notes are subject to redemption in whole at their principal amount, together with accrued interest, at the option of the Issuer at any time in the event of certain changes affecting taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden. The Notes may also be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part: (i) in the case of an Optional Redemption Notice (as defined below) which is dated before the date falling three (3) months prior to the 2022 Maturity Date of the 2022 Notes or the 2025 Maturity Date of the 2025 Notes, as applicable, at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below) or; (ii) in the case of an Optional Redemption Notice which is dated on or after the date falling three (3) months prior to the 2022 Maturity Date or the 2025 Maturity Date, as applicable, at 100 per cent. of their principal amount. In addition, the holder of a Note may, by the exercise of the relevant option, require the Issuer to redeem such Note at a price equal to 101 per cent. of its principal amount, together with accrued interest, on the relevant Put Option Redemption Date upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event. See "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes--Redemption and Purchase".
The 2022 Notes will bear interest from 14 March 2017 at the rate of 1.125 per cent. per annum payable annually in arrear on 14 March in each year commencing on 14 March 2018. The 2025 Notes will bear interest from 14 March 2017 at the rate of 1.875 per cent. per annum payable annually in arrear on 14 March in each year commencing on 14 March 2018. Payments on the Notes will be made in euro without deduction for or on account of taxes imposed or levied by the Kingdom of Sweden to the extent described under "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes--Taxation".
This Prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as the competent authority under Directive 2003/71/EC (the "Prospectus Directive") as amended (which includes the amendments made by Directive 2010/73/EU). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Directive. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Main Securities Market"). References in this Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) will mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the Main Securities Market. The Main Securities Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC.
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and are subject to United States tax law requirements. The Notes are being offered outside the United States by the Joint Lead Managers (as defined in "Subscription and Sale") in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), and may not be offered, sold or

delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

The Notes will be in bearer form and in the denomination of EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof. Each series of the Notes will initially be in the form of a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, which will be deposited on or around 14 March 2017 (the "Closing Date") with a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Eurodear") and Clearstream Banking, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the Closing Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Temporary Global Note cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in certain limited circumstances in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form in the denomination of EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof and with interest coupons attached. See "Summary o f Provisions Relating to the Notes in Global Form".

The Notes will be rated BBB by Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited ("S&P") and Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's").

Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited and Moody's Investors Service Ltd are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on their website.

A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

BARCLAYS DEUTSCHE BANK

JOINT LEAD MANAGERS

DANSKEBANK NORDEA

9 March 2017

IMPORTANT NOTICES
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus to the best of its knowledge is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.
The Issuer has confirmed to the Joint Lead Managers named under "Subscription and Sale" below (the "Joint Lead Managers") that this Prospectus contains all information regarding the Issuer and the Notes which is (in the context of the issue of the Notes) material; such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in this Prospectus on the part of the Issuer are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; this Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in such context) not misleading in any material respect; and all proper enquiries have been made to ascertain and to verify the foregoing.
The Issuer has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the Issuer or the Notes other than as contained in this Prospectus or as approved for such purpose by the Issuer. Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers.
Neither the Joint Lead Managers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall in any circumstances create any implication that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date of this Prospectus.
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Joint Lead Managers or any of them that any recipient of this Prospectus should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".
In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to United States tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to "SEK" or "Swedish krona" are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden. References to "billions" are to thousands of millions.
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown fo r the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation o f the figures which precede them.
- 1-

NON-IFRS MEASURES
In this Prospectus, the Issuer presents certain financial data and measures which are not calculated in accordance with IFRS, such as Return on equity, ordinary share, net debt to total assets, and return on total assets. As used in the Prospectus, the following terms (together, the "Non-IFRS M easures") have the following meanings:
 "R eturn on equity, ordinary share" refers to profit after tax reduced by the preference share dividend for the period in relation to average equity after deduction of the preference capital. The values were converted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value.
 "R eturn on total assets" refers to profit before tax with addition of net financial items in relation to the average balance sheet total. The values were converted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value.
 "Profit from property management before tax" refers to profit before tax with reversal of changes in value and other income/costs. Reversal of changes in value and tax as regards participation in profits of associated companies also takes place.
 "Net debt to total assets" refers to interest-bearing liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and financial investments in relation to total assets and cash equivalents and financial investments.
 "Interest coverage ratio (times)" refers to profit before tax with reversal of net financial items, changes in value and changes in value and tax as regards participation in profits of associated companies, in relation to net financial items.
 "Debt/equity ratio (times)" refers to interest-bearing liabilities in relation to shareholders' equity.
 "Equity/assets ratio (times)" refers to shareholders' equity including minority in relation to the balance sheet total assets at the end of the period.
The Non-IFRS Measures are supplemental measures of the Issuer's performance and liquidity that are not required by or presented in accordance with IFRS. Furthermore, the Non-IFRS Measures should not be considered as an alternative to income after taxes, income before taxes or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles, as an alternative to cash flow from operating, investing or financing activities or as a measure of liquidity.
The Issuer presents these Non-IFRS Measures mainly because it believes that, when considered in conjunction with related IFRS financial measures, these measures provide investors with important additional information to evaluate operating performance. The Issuer believes that the Non-IFRS Measures are useful to investors because these measures (i) provide investors with financial measures on which management bases financial, operational, compensation and planning decisions; and (ii) present measurements that investors and other interested parties in the industry have indicated to management are useful to them in assessing a company and its results of operations.
The Non-IFRS Measures presented in this Prospectus may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Non-IFRS Measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of the Issuer's results as reported under IFRS or pursuant to an IAS Limited Review as set out in the financial statements of the Issuer and no undue reliance should be placed on these Non-IFRS Measures. Some of these limitations related to Non-IFRS Measures are:
- 2-

they do not reflect the Issuer's cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;  they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, the Issuer's working capital needs;  they do not reflect the interest expense or cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on the Issuer's debt;  they do not reflect gains or losses in hedging or foreign exchange contracts;  they do not reflect any cash income taxes that the Issuer may be required to pay;  they are not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in the Issuer's statements of cash flows;  they do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from certain matters that the Issuer considers not to be indicative of its ongoing operations;  assets are depreciated or amortised over differing estimated useful lives and often have to be replaced in the future, and these measures do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and  other companies in the Issuer's industry may calculate these measures differently than it does, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. Because of these limitations, the Issuer's Non-IFRS Measures should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to the Issuer to invest in the growth of its business or as measures of cash that will be available to the Issuer to meet its obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on the Issuer's IFRS and IAS Limited Review results and using these Non-IFRS Measures only as supplemental means for evaluating its performance. Please see "Financial Statements and Auditors 'Reports''".
- 3-

CONTENTS Page
IMPORTANT NOTICES...................................................................................................................................... 1 NON-IFRS M EASURES......................................................................................................................................2 OVERVIEW........................................................................................................................................................... 5 RISK FACTORS....................................................................................................................................................8 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES............................................................................................. 21 SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM..............................39 USE OF PROCEEDS.......................................................................................................................................... 41 DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER.....................................................................................................................42 TAXATION......................................................................................................................................................... 71 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE........................................................................................................................... 73 GENERAL INFORMATION............................................................................................................................. 75 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITORS' REPORTS...................................................................... 78 INDEX OF DEFINED TERM S.........................................................................................................................77
- 4-

OVERVIEW

This overview must be read as an introduction to this Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration o f the Prospectus as a whole.

Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview.

The Issuer:

Fastighets AB Balder

Joint Lead Managers:

Barclays Bank PLC Danske Bank A/S Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch Nordea Bank AB (publ)

Trustee:

Citicorp Trustee Company Limited

Principal Paying Agent

Citibank, N.A., London Branch

The Notes:

EUR 500,000,000 1.125 per cent. Notes due 2022.

EUR 500,000,000 1.875 per cent. Notes due 2025.

Issue Price:

2022 Notes: 99.441 per cent. of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes

2025 Notes: 99.033 per cent. of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes.

Issue Date:

14 March 2017.

Maturity Date

2022 Notes: 14 March 2022

2025 Notes:14 March 2025

Use of Proceeds:

The net proceeds of the Notes shall be used for general corporate purposes, including debt refinancing. Some of the proceeds will be used to repay loans to various financial institutions including certain of the Joint Lead Managers.

Interest:

The 2022 Notes will bear interest from 14 March 2017 at a rate of 1.125 per cent. per annum payable annually in arrear on 14 March in each year commencing 14 March 2018.

The 2025 Notes will bear interest from 14 March 2017 at a rate of 1.875 per cent. per annum payable annually in arrear on 14 March in each year commencing 14 March 2018.

Withholding Taxes

All payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction has been required, in accordance with the Conditions.

- 5-

Status: Form and Denomination:
Cross Default: Covenants: Optional Redemption by Noteholders: Issuer Call:
Tax Redemption: Rating: Governing Law: Listing and Trading: Clearing Systems: Selling Restrictions Selling Restrictions:

The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer.
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in the denomination of EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will initially be represented by beneficial interests in the Temporary Global Note exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note which is exchanged for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note.
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note are to be issued in new global note form.
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default clause. See Condition 9(e) (Cross default).
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge and certain other covenants. See Condition 3 (Covenants).
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of Noteholders if a Change of Control Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs. See Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o f Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control)).
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part: (i) in the case of an Optional Redemption Notice (as defined below) which is dated before the date falling three (3) months prior to the 2022 Maturity Date of the 2022 Notes or the 2025 Maturity Date of the 2025 Notes, as applicable, at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below), or (ii) in the case of an Optional Redemption Notice which is dated on or after the date falling three (3) months prior to the 2022 Maturity Date of the 2022 Notes or the 2025 Maturity Date of the 2025 Notes, as applicable, at 100 per cent. of their principal amount. See Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option o f the Issuer (Issuer Call)).
The Issuer may at its option redeem the Notes, in whole, but not in part, at their principal amount plus accrued interest in the event of certain changes affecting taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden.
The Notes are expected to be rated BBB by S&P and Baa3 by M o o d y 's.
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Subscription Agreement will be governed by English law.
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading on the Main Securities Market.
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
The offering and sale of Notes is subject to applicable laws and regulations involving, without limitation, those of the United States, the United Kingdom and the Kingdom of Sweden. See "Subscription and Sale".
See "Subscription and Sale".

- 6-

Risk Factors: Financial Information:

Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors".
See "Description o f the Issuer--Selected Financial Information" and "Financial Statements and Auditor's Reports".

- 7-

RISK FACTORS
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number o f risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business o f Fastighets AB Balder (publ) (the "Issuer " or the "Company ", and, together with its subsidiaries, "Balder" or the "Group") and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation o f all risks which investors may face when making an investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results o f operations and/orfinancial position o f the Issuer and, i f any such risk should occur, the price o f the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part o f their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable fo r them in light o f the information in this Prospectus and their personal circumstances.
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions
The on-going uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets and the state o f the global economic recovery may adversely affect Balder's operations
Global financial markets continue to experience disruptions, including increased volatility and diminished liquidity and credit availability. Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereigns) and the Eurozone crisis have increased recently, especially with the presence of significant sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits in a number of European countries and the United States. This has raised concerns regarding the financial condition of financial institutions and other corporates located in these countries, having direct or indirect exposure to these countries, and/or whose banks, customers, service providers, sources of funding and/or suppliers have direct or indirect exposure to these countries. The default, or a significant decline in the credit rating, of one or more sovereigns or financial institutions could cause severe stress in the financial system generally and could adversely affect the markets in which Balder operates and the businesses and economic condition and prospects of Balder's counterparties or customers, directly or indirectly, in ways which it is difficult to predict. The impact of these conditions could be detrimental to Balder and could adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects; its solvency and the solvency of its counterparties and customers; the value and liquidity of its assets and liabilities; the value and liquidity of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and under its debt obligations more generally.
The results o f the United Kingdom's referendum on withdrawalfrom the European Union may have a negative effect on European and global economic conditions, financial markets and our business
On 23 June 2016, a majority of voters in the United Kingdom elected to withdraw from the European Union in a national referendum. The referendum was advisory, and the terms of any withdrawal are subject to a negotiation period that could last up to two years after the United Kingdom government formally initiates a withdrawal process. The timing of this process has not yet been determined. The effects of the referendum will depend in part on any agreements the United Kingdom makes to retain access to European Union markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. The referendum has created significant uncertainty about the political and economic circumstances of the United Kingdom and the European Union. These developments have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on European and global economic or market conditions and the stability of European, foreign exchange and global financial markets, including the European markets served by Balder. Any of these factors, and others that cannot be anticipated, could depress economic activity and restrict Balder's access to capital, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations, and reduce the price of its securities.
Negative economic developments and conditions in Scandinavia may affect Balder's operations and customers, as well as the prices o f Balder's real property and tenant-owned apartments
- 8-

The Swedish, Danish, Norwegian and Finnish economies have been adversely affected by the uncertain global economic and financial market conditions. An economic slowdown or a recession, regardless of its depth, or any other negative economic developments in these principal countries of operation and involvement may affect Balder's business in a number of ways, including, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of Balder, its customers and other business partners. Balder may not be able to utilise the opportunities created by the economic fluctuations, the value of the real property owned by Balder may decrease, and Balder may not be able to adapt to a long term economic recession or stagnation. In particular, negative economic development may adversely affect the sales prices of Balder's tenant-owned apartments. Further, although historically economic slowdowns and recessions have increased the demand for rental apartments in these countries, there can be no assurance that Balder will not experience declines in the demand for rental apartments during periods of economic slowdown or recession. Balder may also experience increased defaults on rent payments as a result of negative economic developments in Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Risks Relating to Balder's Business Operations
Property valuation is subjective and uncertain to a certain extent
Although Balder's properties are internally revalued each calendar quarter based on methods that Balder's management believes to be generally accepted and used throughout the housing industry in Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland, and although Balder regularly allows parts of the portfolio to be externally valued, the appropriateness of sources of information used and the credibility of the valuations are, to a certain extent, subjective and, thus, subject to uncertainty. The three possible valuation methods that can be used are the sales comparison method, the acquisition cost method and the yield method. For valuations in Finland, all three methods are used, whereas in Denmark, Norway and Sweden, the yield method is used. Rental prices in the property portfolio are expected to follow inflation over time. Commercial leases include indexation, which means that rent increases at the same rate as the Consumer Price Index (the "CPI") during the leasing period. Residential properties have historically developed slightly above the CPI, but in its valuations, Balder has assumed that the rent develops in line with inflation.
Assumptions have also been made regarding future operating and maintenance payments. These assumptions are based on historic outcomes and future projections as well as estimated standardised costs. Operating and maintenance costs are adjusted upwards each year by inflation. Yield requirements and the cost of capital used in the valuation model have been derived from comparable transactions in the property market. Important factors in choosing a yield requirement are location, rental rate, vacancy rate and the condition of the property. Housing valuations are based on historical Swedish, Danish and Finnish housing purchase price data and certain assumptions at a specified date. In the event of significant and rapid market changes, such historical data may not accurately reflect the current market value of Balder's properties. Furthermore, the assumptions may prove to be inaccurate, and adverse market changes since the date when such assumptions were made may cause significant declines in the value of Balder's properties. In addition, the use of different assumptions or valuation models would likely produce different valuation results.
As a result of the factors above, there can be no assurance that the valuations accurately reflect the current market value of Balder's properties and property-related assets as at the date of valuation or any other date. Incorrect assumptions or flawed assessments underlying the valuations, or materialisation of any of the above risks, could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Decreases in the occupancy rate and increases in the tenant turnover may weaken Balder's results
Balder's occupancy rate and tenant turnover depend on general economic factors and the level of newbuild construction activity. The occupancy rate of Balder's properties has a significant impact on Balder's business. Balder aims to secure a high occupancy rate by, among other things, actively developing its property portfolio to meet the demand for residential and commercial premises. If the vacancy rate increases, Balder will lose rental income while having to cover the maintenance costs.
- 9-

Tenant turnover is an integral part of the housing investment business, and results in costs to Balder, for example, related to the signing of rental agreements and minor renovations typically made in connection with a tenant moving out of the apartment. In recent years, Balder has tried to reduce tenant turnover in Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland through, for example, repairs enhancing the attractiveness of the apartments that it owns.
The risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss of rental income increases in line with the number of large individual tenants a property company has. Balder's ten largest leases represent 5.6 per cent. of total rental income and their average lease term amounts to 11.8 years. No individual lease accounts for more than 0.8 per cent. of Balder's total rental income and no individual customer accounts for more than 4.0 per cent. of total rental income. However, there are no guarantees that Balder's major tenants will renew or extend their leases when they expire, which in the longer term can lead to altered rental income and vacancies. If Balder fails to maintain the occupancy rate at a satisfactory level or the tenant turnover of its apartments increases significantly, it could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Increasing refurbishment and maintenance costs may result in a decreased profit margin or increased rents and thus decreased demandfor properties
Balder continuously carries out refurbishment and maintenance repairs in its properties, which mainly result from their condition and regulatory requirements for energy-efficiency. The costs related to the refurbishment and maintenance of properties are significant and relate mainly to plumbing, external walls and roofs, window and balcony renovations. Residential buildings must typically have their plumbing refurbished within certain time intervals, which usually covers renewal of both water and sewage pipes. External walls, roofs and balconies must also be renovated periodically.
Balder expects the cost for refurbishment and maintenance repairs in the future to remain at the present level in proportion to the size of Balder's property portfolio. However, increasing refurbishment and maintenance repair costs may arise, for example, from increasing legal requirements for energyefficiency, and there can, therefore, be no assurance that the amount spent on refurbishment and maintenance repair by Balder could not significantly increase from the level currently expected by Balder.
If such risk materialises, the profit margin of Balder's properties may decrease or Balder may be required to increase rents, which may, in turn, result in a decreased demand for Balder's properties. As a result, Balder may not be able to fully pass on the costs of refurbishment and maintenance to its customers and Balder's investments in refurbishment and maintenance may not generate the expected return. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Balder's property development and sales o f tenant-owned apartments may give rise to liabilities that can have significant effects,
Balder's property development and sales of tenant-owned apartments may expose it to potential liabilities based on defects in the buildings, materials, design or the quality of the work. Standard form contracts that are used by construction designers limit the designer's liability to the value of the properties constructed, so Balder is liable for defects that exceed this amount. As a rule, standard terms are used also in the building agreements with construction companies, so Balder is liable to homebuyers for the defects caused by the construction companies if the construction companies are incapable of meeting their obligations, for example, due to insolvency. Materialisation of Balder's liabilities for construction defects, based on its own actions or based on the actions of the external designers or construction companies, could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Balder couldfail in the management o f its brand
Balder's success is partially dependent on the value of the Balder brand. Balder's brand holds a great significance for both its business operations and implementation of its strategies. The integrity of the Balder brand is important in all parts of the business (both for residential and commercial properties) and to Balder's business partners, such as municipalities, construction companies and lenders. In addition, corporate social responsibility is part of Balder's customary long-term activities. Negative publicity or negative customer experience could have an adverse effect on Balder's brand and its development. Should the Balder brand lose value, regaining any lost brand value might prove impossible or require
- 10-

incurrence of significant costs. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
The Issuer is a holding company; it is reliant on dividend upstreaming
The Issuer is a holding company. As is common with property groups, its material assets are its shareholdings in its subsidiaries and its associated companies. The Issuer will use some of the proceeds of the sale of the Notes to repay certain of its own debts, and may on-lend proceeds under intercompany loans to its subsidiaries for them to repay or refinance certain of their indebtedness. Other than the receivables under intercompany loans and any other intra-group loans of proceeds made in connection with other financing transactions, the Issuer depends on distribution of dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries. In meeting its payment obligations under the Notes, the Issuer is dependent on the profitability and cash flow of its subsidiaries, whose ability to make dividend distributions may be subject to restrictions as a result of factors such as low profitability, restrictive covenants contained in loan agreements, foreign exchange limitations, regulatory, fiscal or other restrictions.
Loss o f key personnel orfailure in recruiting new key personnel may undermine Balder's operations
As at 31 December 2016, Balder employed 546 people. Balder's financial performance is dependent on the contribution of its key personnel. Key personnel include Balder's senior management and a number of other employees in key positions. Balder's success is, to a large extent, dependent on its ability to recruit, motivate and retain highly skilled staff at every level of its organisation. Balder may fail in retaining key personnel and recruiting skilled staff. Any loss of senior management or other employees with special expertise could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Erik Selin
The principal shareholder of Fastighets AB Balder is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which owns 35.3 per cent of the capital and 48.2 per cent. of votes. Erik Selin is the founder and CEO of Balder and controls 100 per cent. of Erik Selin Fastigheter AB. Erik Selin Fastigheter AB may, therefore, be able to prevent or delay a change of control, or take other actions that may be contrary to the interests of Balder's other shareholders. Further, the personal connections and business relationships of Erik Selin are important to the conduct of Balder's business. While Balder has an employment contract with Erik Selin, no assurance can be given that he will continue to make his services available to Balder indefinitely. The Issuer does not maintain any `key-man' insurance on Erik Selin.
Variations in supply and demand on the housing market and the marketfo r commercial premises may affect the value o fproperties and rental levels
Balder's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the possibility of charging marketrelated rents as well as customers' ability to pay. The occupancy rate and rental levels are largely determined by general and regional economic trends. The risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss of rental income increases when there are more large individual customers in the property portfolio.
The housing market is sensitive to fluctuations in supply and demand. Housing prices in Scandinavia have historically followed macroeconomic development in a cyclical manner, while the demand for rental apartments has historically been countercyclical. The value of properties and rental levels are affected by a number of factors, including events related to domestic and international politics, interest rates, economic growth, the availability of credit and taxation. Changes in supply and demand on the property market of specific areas in Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland, resulting from new construction, investor supply and demand and other factors, may also materially affect the values of properties regardless of the overall development in the Swedish, Danish, Norwegian and Finnish housing markets.
In addition, an oversupply of rental apartments or commercial premises could lead to rent decreases, which could have an adverse effect on Balder's rental income. A decrease in the prices of apartments and commercial properties is likely to have a direct impact on the fair value of Balder's property portfolio. The required return may increase in the future, which could lead to a reduction in the value of Balder's property portfolio.
- 11-

Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Decrease infair value o f Balder's properties may result in revaluation losses
Any change in the fair value of Balder's properties is recorded in the income statement for the period during which the revaluation of Balder's properties occurs. Fair value of investment properties represents the price in local primary market taking into account the condition and location of the property. Decreases in the fair value of Balder's properties could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. In addition, decreases in the fair value of Balder's properties would have negative effects on Balder's performance indicators, particularly the net asset value, which could have a negative influence on the rating of the Issuer.
Changes in legislation may adversely affect the value o f Balder's properties or results, increase its expenses and/or slow or halt the development o f investments
Balder must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and provisions, including urban planning regulations, construction and operating permits, health, safety, environmental, competition and labour laws, laws relating to rent levels and the rights of tenants as well as corporate, accounting and tax laws. Changes in such laws, regulations and provisions or their interpretations could require Balder to adapt its business operations, assets or strategy, potentially leading to a negative impact on the value of its properties or its results, an increase in its expenses and/or slowing or even halting of the development of certain investments. In particular, requirements for energy efficiency have become more stringent in recent years, which results, among other things, in increased construction prices.
Further, in the case of properties in Finland, if the Finnish housing allowance paid by the Social Insurance Institute of Finland (KELA) was decreased or removed entirely, this would adversely affect, among other things, the liquidity of approximately one-third of Balder's tenants and, as a result, may decrease Balder's rental income.
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Balder is subject to possiblefuture changes in tax laws and regulations
Tax laws and regulations or their interpretation and application practices may be subject to change in the countries in which Balder operates, namely, Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland. Historically, Balder has used tax optimisation arrangements, such as utilising tax losses from companies it purchases for this purpose, to reduce its tax burden; however there can be no assurance that Balder will continue to rely on tax losses carried forward as there can be changes in tax laws and regulation. This would mean that Balder would be liable to pay tax which could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition and cash flow.
It can be noted that the current Swedish rules on deductibility of interest expenses are under review and future deductibility is uncertain due to a proposal presented by the Corporate Taxation Committee (Sw: Foretagsskattekommitten) in 2014. The proposal contains two alternatives concerning limitation of interest deductions on both internal and external debt. Due to heavy criticism, the Swedish Government has announced that the proposals require further analysis. It is currently envisaged that any new rules would be enacted no earlier than 1 January 2018. If new rules are introduced, they may limit Balder's ability to obtain tax deductions in this respect. There is also potential new legislation under consideration limiting the number of tax-exempt disposals of shares in real estate companies and extending the number of transactions which may attract stamp duty. There can be no assurance that tax rates will not be increased in the future or that other changes in tax laws/regulations occur which affect the ownership of real estate properties or real estate transactions. If any of the above described risks materialise, it could have a material adverse impact on Balder's operations, earnings and financial position.
Legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could have a material adverse effect on Balder
Balder may become involved in, or a subject of, legal or regulatory proceedings or claims relating to its operations. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of legal, regulatory and other adversarial proceedings or claims, and there can be no assurance as to the outcome of such proceedings or claims, whether existing or arising in the future. In the normal course of its business operations, Balder could be involved in legal proceedings relating, for example, to alleged breaches of contract by Balder and
- 12-

employers' liabilities and be subject to tax and administrative audits. Any unfavourable judgment against Balder in relation to any legal or regulatory proceedings or claims, or the settlement thereof, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. For information on Balder's ongoing legal proceedings, see "Litigation".
State subsidies in Finland result in extensive regulation and supervision, and new or stricter restrictions may be imposed
Approximately 9.4 per cent. (measured by value) of Balder's property portfolio is held by Balder's indirect subsidiaries in Finland (via SATO Corporation) in so-called Generally Non-profit Companies or Financially Non-profit Companies and, therefore, subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Finnish housing authorities. Due to numerous amendments, the Finnish legislation regarding statesubsidised properties has become very complex and, therefore, difficult to manage, and it often allows for various interpretations. Balder is subject to the risk that new laws or regulations will be adopted, which could, for example, increase or tighten the restrictions on the appropriation of profits and/or ownership applicable to such properties. Furthermore, amendments to the legislation governing state-subsidised loans may be enacted retro-actively and may affect such loans that have already been granted and affect the operations of the owner-entity. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Apartment renting and construction are highly competitive businesses
Renting apartments and constructing tenant-owned apartments is a highly competitive business in Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland. Balder's main competitors in the rental apartments business are private households, municipalities, parishes, foundations and corporate investors. In the construction of tenant-owned apartments, Balder's main competitors are construction firms and other property development companies. The competition for attractive plots has led to a steep increase in plot prices. Furthermore, an upward trend in construction usually increases construction prices, which, in turn, decreases the profitability of construction projects and delays the commencement of new projects. There can be no assurance that Balder can meet the intensifying competition on the apartment renting and the tenant-owned apartment markets. Increasing competition could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Balder's operations may contaminate the environment
Balder must comply with all local regulations in relation to the environment and health and safety in respect of its properties. The main environmental impacts caused by Balder's operations relate to contaminated soil. Soil contamination can cause substantial delays and increase the cost of construction projects (including new construction as well as conversions and extensions).
As the owner of the properties and land, Balder can be held liable for deterioration, damage, encumbrance or other hazardous causes originating from the operation of the properties. Any such event or material decrease in the value of the properties not known or not recognisable at the time of the purchase or occurring at a later date, could have a material adverse effect on Balder.
Balder has established an environmental policy and works actively to address environmental issues. Under Swedish, Danish, Norwegian and Finnish legislation, the party conducting an activity which has contributed to pollution is also responsible for treating it. If the party conducting the activity cannot carry out or pay for the treatment of a property, and the party acquiring the property was aware of, or should have discovered the pollution, then the acquirer is responsible. The costs of any removal or clean up that may be necessary of any deterioration, contamination, damage, encumbrance or hazardous materials may be higher than anticipated by Balder. Failure to comply with environmental regulations, or the need to comply with stricter new environmental regulations that may be introduced, could lead to higher costs or hinder the development of Balder's operations. There can be no assurance that Balder could not become liable for material environmental damage or other environmental liabilities in the future. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Potential illiquidity o f the property market could make it difficultfo r Balder to dispose ofproperties
In accordance with its strategy, Balder makes selective divestments of properties. Such divestments may be affected by many factors beyond Balder's control, such as the availability of bank financing to
- 13-

potential buyers, interest rates and the supply of and demand for properties. A possible lack of liquidity in the property market may limit Balder's ability to sell its properties or modify its property portfolio in a timely manner in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Should Balder be required to divest part of its properties due to, for example, its inability to obtain financing, there can be no assurance that such divestments will be profitable or that such divestments will be possible at all, if the market functions inadequately or is illiquid. Unsuccessful divestments of properties could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
System malfunctions in Balder's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability o f Balder's operations
Balder's operations are dependent on information systems and on its ability to operate such information systems efficiently and to introduce new technologies, systems and safety and back-up systems. Such information systems include telecommunication systems as well as software applications that Balder uses to control business operations, manage its property portfolio and risks, prepare operating and financial reports and to execute treasury operations. The operation of Balder's information systems may be interrupted due to, among other things, power cuts, computer or telecommunication malfunctions, computer viruses, defaults by IT suppliers, crime targeted at information systems, such as security breaches and cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons outside and inside Balder, or major disasters, such as fires or natural disasters, as well as human error by Balder's own staff. Material interruptions or serious malfunctions in the operation of the information systems may impair and weaken Balder's business, financial condition and the profitability of its operations. Balder may also face difficulties when developing new systems and maintaining or updating current systems in order to maintain its competitiveness. In particular, malfunctions in its IT systems could delay Balder in issuing rental invoices to its customers and/or prevent Balder from renting available apartments. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Balder could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance
Actual losses suffered by Balder could exceed its insurance coverage and could be material. The realisation of one or more damaging events for which Balder has no insurance coverage or for which Balder's insurance coverage is insufficient could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Interests o f the Issuer's shareholders may conflict with those o f the holders o f the Notes
The interests of the Issuer's shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with those of the holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders"), particularly if the Issuer encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. In addition, the Issuer's shareholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions might involve risks to the Noteholders. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Financial Risks
Balder may not receivefinancing at competitive terms or at all and mayfa il in repaying/refinancing its existing debt
Uncertainty in the financial markets or tightening regulation of banks could mean that the price of financing needed to carry out Balder's business, in particular it's growth strategy, will increase and that such financing will be less readily available. As a result of Balder's intentions to raise additional debt from the capital markets, Balder is exposed to future adverse changes in those markets. The level of Balder's leverage may also affect its ability to refinance its existing debt, which, in turn, could also affect its competitiveness and limit its ability to react to market conditions and economic downturns.
Balder's target equity/assets ratio is at least 35 per cent. calculated on the basis of the fair value of its properties. As at 31 December 2016, Balder's equity ratio was approximately 38.3 per cent. based on the fair value of the properties. Balder conducts continual discussions with banks and credit institutions aimed at securing its long-term financing. Balder cooperates closely with a handful of lenders in order to secure the company's long-term capital requirements. However, no assurance can be given that Balder
- 14-

may not have difficulty in raising new debt, repaying its existing debt or fulfilling its equity ratio target in the future. Any failure to repay the principal or pay interest in respect of Balder's existing debt, the inability to refinance existing debt, or to raise new debt at corresponding or more favourable financial and other terms than currently in force, could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Balder is dependent on its current long-term credit rating to pursue itsfinancing strategy
Balder intends to raise additional debt from the capital markets in the future. To facilitate the issuance of unsecured bonds and notes, the Issuer sought and obtained a long-term issuer credit rating of "Baa3" from Moody's. If the Issuer's long-term credit rating were to be downgraded, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become significantly more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts. Moody's could downgrade the Issuer's long-term issuer credit rating if, for example, the value of the Issuer's unencumbered assets were not to reach certain levels, or the Issuer's effective leverage (adjusted total debt divided by total assets) or fixed charge cover ratios were to exceed certain levels, both on a sustainable basis, or the Issuer was unable to maintain an adequate liquidity profile at all times. If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it would be more difficult for Balder to pursue its current financing strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Balder'sfinancings/insurance arrangements involve counterparty risk
Nordic financial institutions are counterparties to Balder's long-term bank loans and insurance arrangements. During the financial crisis, many banks and insurance companies in the United States and Europe experienced financial difficulties, resulting in numerous mergers, acquisitions and bankruptcies among financial institutions, including the government takeover of certain financial institutions. Balder's principal counterparties in financing transactions are Nordic financial institutions which have avoided serious financial problems. However, there is no assurance that Balder's financing or insurance counterparties will not experience any financial difficulties in the future. If Balder's counterparties were to experience financial difficulties it could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect Balder's business
Interest rate fluctuations affect Balder's profit through changes in interest expenses and the market values of interest rate hedging. As at 31 December 2016, approximately 50 per cent. of Balder's loans were fixed interest rate loans or floating rate loans hedged with interest rate derivatives. Despite the relatively high hedging level, the positions are not completely hedged. Further, fluctuations in interest rates may affect the rental apartment business and the valuation of properties. Although a significant increase in interest rates may considerably affect house owners' ability to pay interest on housing loans, it may also affect private consumption and decrease the value of properties. In addition, an increase in the interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the cost of financing and Balder's current financing expenses. There can be no assurance that Balder could not fail in managing its interest rate risk properly. This could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect Balder's profit andproperty value
Balder is exposed to indirect foreign exchange translation risk due to its investment in Denmark, Norway and Finland through SATO (and more indirectly through the valuation of SATO's Russian properties). Balder's most significant exchange rate risk relates currently to euro-denominated rental income, maintenance costs and property valuation. Balder's reporting currency is Swedish Krona, and all balance sheet items for foreign properties as well as all income and expenses generated by them are converted to Swedish Krona. Materialisation of the translation risk could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
Balder's historical earnings and other historical financial data are not necessarily predictive o f earnings or other keyfinancialfigures o f Balder goingforward
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Prospectus and the financial statements of Balder included in this Prospectus relate to its past performance of the Issuer and the Group. The future development of Balder could deviate significantly from past results due to a large number of internal and
- 15-

external factors. The historical earnings, historical dividends and other historical financial data of the Group are, therefore, not necessarily predictive of earnings or other key financial figures for Balder going forward.

Risks Related to the Notes

Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall in any circumstances create any implication that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date of this Prospectus.

The Notes may not be a suitable investmentfo r all investors

Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:

(i)

have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the

merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Prospectus;

(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;

(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes;

(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes; and

(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

The claims o f holders o f the Notes are structurally subordinated

As is usual for property companies, Balder's operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries. Accordingly, Balder is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its payment obligations in respect of the Notes. The Notes are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, including trade creditors, of Balder's subsidiaries (for example, holders of SATO's EUR 300,000,000 2.375 per cent. guaranteed Notes due 2021), and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all Balder's and its subsidiaries' secured creditors. The Notes are not guaranteed by any of Balder's subsidiaries or any other company or person. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of the Issuer's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application generally will have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to Balder. As at 31 December 2016, the book value of interest-bearing debt of the Group was SEK 49,580 million of which SEK 36,410 million represents interest-bearing liabilities of the Issuer's subsidiaries which corresponds to 73 per cent. of the Group's total interest-bearing liabilities.

The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any o f the Issuer's existing secured and future secured indebtedness

The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. As at 31 December 2016, the Issuer had approximately SEK 37,988 million of secured external interest-bearing indebtedness outstanding at book value, representing 77 per cent. of their total external interest-bearing liabilities The Notes are, therefore, effectively subordinated to the Issuer's existing secured indebtedness and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of the Issuer's secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent of the value of the assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of the Issuer would be available to satisfy the obligations under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes. Other than as set out in Condition 3(a) (Negative Pledge) and Condition 3(b)(i) (Limitations on the Incurrence o f Financial Indebtedness), the Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer from incurring and securing future indebtedness.

- 16-

To the extent that the Issuer were to secure any of its or their future indebtedness, to the extent not required to secure the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed governing the Notes, the Issuer's obligations, in respect of the Notes, would be effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the security securing such indebtedness.
Modification, waivers, substitution o f Issuer
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed or determine, without the consent of the Noteholders, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (each as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such in the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Meetings o f Noteholders; Modification, Waiver; Substitution o f the Issuer) of the Notes.
The Conditions provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders agree to the substitution of any Subsidiary of the Issuer as the principal debtor in relation to the Trust Deed and the Notes, all in the circumstances described in the Trust Deed and the Conditions of the Notes.
An active trading marketfo r the Notes may not develop
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Application has been made for the listing of the Notes on the Official List and for their admission to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange. There can be no assurance that either such listing or admission to trading will be obtained or, if such listing or admission to trading is obtained, that an active trading market will develop or be sustained. In addition, the liquidity of any market for the Notes will depend on the number of Noteholders, the interest of securities dealers in making a market in the Notes and other factors. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any market for the Notes.
Redemption prior to maturity
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of the Notes as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 9 March 2017 (as more fully set out in Condition 6(b) (Redemption fo r Taxation Reasons)), the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions.
The Notes are also redeemable at the Issuer's option (as more fully set out in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the option o f the Issuer (Issuer Call))), and the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at a time when the prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes.
In addition, the Notes are redeemable in certain other circumstances by Noteholders, such as on the occurrence of a Change of Control Event as more fully set out in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o f the Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control)). Exercise of such an applicable put option may affect the liquidity of such Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which the put option is exercised, any trading market for the Notes in respect of which such put option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes.
Investors will have to rely on the procedures o f Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes except in certain limited circumstances described in the Global Notes. The Global Notes will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and
- 17-

Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Global Notes, investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the Notes, but will have to rely upon their rights under the Trust Deed.
Minimum Denomination
As the Notes have a denomination consisting of the minimum denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent). In such case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to the minimum denomination.
Changes in laws or administrative practices could entail risks
The Notes are governed by the laws of England in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer and the Group operate in a heavily regulated environment and have to comply with regulations in a number of jurisdictions including Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to laws or administrative practices of Sweden, Denmark, Norway or Finland after the date of this Prospectus.
Compliance with sanctions may prevent the Issuerfrom performing its obligations under the Notes
The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce, the EU, Her Majesty's Treasury and/or other governmental, regulatory or law enforcement agency have imposed or may impose economic sanctions against governments, governmental authorities, other legal entities or private individuals. Any sanctioned persons, including holders of the Notes (if any), may not have the benefit of legal protections that would be available to nonsanctioned persons.
The Notes bear afixed interest rate
The Notes bear interest on their outstanding principal amount at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a security with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the price of such security could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security or during a certain period of time, current interest rates on capital markets (market interest rates) typically change continuously. In case market interest rates increase, the market price of such a security typically falls until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the market interest rates. If market interest rates fall, the price of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases until the yield of such a security is approximately equal to market interest rates. Consequently, the Noteholders should be aware that movements of market interest rates may result in a material decline in the market price of the Notes and may lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell the Notes.
- 18-

The marketprice o f the Notes may be volatile
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated variations in the Issuer's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which the Issuer operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of the Notes, as well as other factors. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard to the Issuer's results of operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased competition or the Issuer's operating results, the regulatory environment, general market conditions, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.
Risks Related to the Market Generally
Established trading marketfo r the Notes may not develop
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls exist to the extent payments in respect o f the Notes are made in a currency other than the currency in which an investor's activities are denominated.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in euros. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than in euros. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the euros or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to euros would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes, since the Notes have a fixed rate of interest and prevailing interest rates in the future may be higher than that fixed rate of interest.
Interest rate risks
Investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
The Issuer's credit ratings are an assessment by the relevant rating agencies of its ability to pay its debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure and marketing of the Notes and additional factors discussed in this Prospectus or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be reduced, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. See also "--Financial Risks-- The Issuer is dependent on its current long-term credit rating to pursue itsfinancing strategy" above.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by
- 19-

non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
- 20-

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES

The following is the text o f the terms and conditions o f the Notes which, subject to amendment and completion and exceptfo r the text in italics, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form (if issued):

The EUR 500,000,000 1.125 per cent. Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes") and the EUR 500,000,000 1.875 per cent. Notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes" and together with the 2022 Notes, the "Notes", which expression includes any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further issues) and forming a single series therewith) of Fastighets AB Balder (the "Issuer") are subject to, and have the benefit of, a trust deed dated 14 March 2017 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Trust Deed") between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the "Trustee", which expression includes all persons for the time being trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust Deed) and are the subject of a paying agency agreement dated 14 March 2017 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Paying Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression includes any successor principal paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the Trustee. Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed and the Paying Agency Agreement and subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Paying Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee, being at the date hereof Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and at the Specified Office (as defined in the Paying Agency Agreement) of the Principal Paying Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. Any capitalised terms not defined herein shall be given the meaning attributed in the Trust Deed.

1.

Form, Denomination and Title

The Notes are serially numbered and in bearer form in denominations of EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof with Coupons attached at the time of issue. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes or the Trust Deed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

2.

Status

The Notes constitute direct, general, unsecured (subject to Condition 3(a) (Negative Pledge)), unsubordinated and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.

3.

Covenants

(a) Negative Pledge

So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto (i) securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (ii) providing such other security for the Notes as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion consider to be not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of Noteholders.

- 21-

(b) Financial Covenants

(i)

Limitations on the Incurrence o f Financial Indebtedness: So long as any Note

remains outstanding the Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to

incur directly or indirectly, any Financial Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any

Financial Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(i)

(Limitations on the Incurrence o f Financial Indebtedness) Permitted

Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro

forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds) the

Consolidated Solvency Ratio would exceed 65 per cent.;

(ii) Maintenance o f the Consolidated Coverage Ratio: So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer undertakes that on each Testing Date the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is not less than 1.8:1; and

(iii) Limitations on the Incurrence o f Secured Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly, any Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 3(b) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness relating to the same previously secured assets) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds) the total value of assets of the Group secured in relation to such Secured Indebtedness would exceed 45 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets.

The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event that any of the covenants in this Condition 3(b) are breached at any time.

(c) Certificates:

So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer will deliver a certificate to the Trustee within three days of each Reporting Date signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that as at the most recent Testing Date the Issuer was in compliance with the undertakings set out in Condition 3(b) (Financial Covenants).

Any certificate addressed to the Trustee by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer as to any of the amounts of any defined term or figure referred to in Condition 3(b) (Financial Covenants) (unless expressly stated otherwise) may, in the absence of manifest error, be relied upon by the Trustee, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and Noteholders.

(d) Insurance: So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer shall, and shall procure that each member of the Group shall, maintain insurance with insurers of good standing on and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is prudent for companies located in the same or similar locations carrying on the same or substantially the same business carried on by it.

(e) Notification o f Default: So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer shall notify the Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it) forthwith upon becoming aware of its occurrence.

4.

Definitions

For the purposes of these Conditions:

"Authorised Signatory" means any director or any other person or persons notified to the Trustee by any director as being an Authorised Signatory pursuant to Clause 6.16 of the Trust Deed;

"Change of Control" occurs when a person or persons, acting together, acquire (i) the beneficial ownership (directly or indirectly) of more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights represented

- 22-

by shares of the Issuer, or (ii) the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer;

"Change of Control Event" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o fNoteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control));

"Change of Control Notice" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o fNoteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control));

"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (A) the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (B) the date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below), if any, and (ii) ending on the date which is the 120th day after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control (such 120th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Issuer, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Issuer under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 90 days after the date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency;

"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means, in respect of any Testing Date, the number set out under the heading "Profit before Tax" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group, from which should be deducted items (a) to (e) below:

(a) the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of properties, realised" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group;

(b) the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of properties, unrealised" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group;

(c) the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of derivatives" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group;

(d) the number set out under the heading "Participations in the profits of associated companies" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group;

(e) the number set out under the heading " Net financial items" (or equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group;

and the following item (f) should be added:

(f)

the amount for "including profitfrom property management from Balder's participation

in associated companies'' (or any equivalent item) as referred to in the Consolidated

Financial Statements of the Group (if any);

"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means, in respect of any Testing Date, the ratio of (i) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (ii) the aggregate amount of Net Interest Charges;

"Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group" means the consolidated financial statements and notes to those financial statements of the Group prepared in accordance with IFRS and adjusted for Listed Associated Companies to market value as reflected under "consolidated statement o f financial position including listed associated companies at market value" in the annual or relevant interim reports of the Group;

"Consolidated Solvency Ratio" means (i) the Financial Indebtedness (less cash and cash equivalents; divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets, in each case as set out in the most recent Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group;

- 23-

"Consolidated Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as reflected in the most recent annual or relevant interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group;

"continuing" for the purposes of Condition 9 (Events o f Default) is an Event of Default that has not been waived or remedied;

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without limitation) for or in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent;

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(e) the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases;

(f)

the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the

payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and

(g) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares (including but not limited to redeemable preference shares), which are classified as borrowings under IFRS;

"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ltd;

"Group" means the Issuer and its respective Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to pay such Financial Indebtedness including (without limitation):

(a) any obligation to purchase such Financial Indebtedness;

(b) any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Financial Indebtedness;

(c) any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Financial Indebtedness; and

(d) any other agreement to be responsible for such Financial Indebtedness;

"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time);

"Investment Grade Rating Change" means if any rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency is changed from an investment grade rating (being at least Baa3 by Moody's, BBB- by Fitch or BBB- by S&P) to a non-investment grade rating (being Ba1 or lower by Moody's, or BB+ or lower by Fitch or BB+ or lower by S&P);

"Listed Associated Companies" means the companies in which the Issuer has a minority (less than 50 per cent.) holding that are listed, quoted or traded on a stock exchange, that are identified as "listed associated companies'"in the annual or relevant interim reports of the Group (if any);

- 24-

"Maturity Date" means 14 March 2022 in relation to the 2022 Notes and 14 March 2025 in relation to the 2025 Notes;
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Services Ltd;
"Net Interest Charges" means the number set out under the heading "Net financial items" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group;
"Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any member of the Group (other than intergroup/intercompany Financial Indebtedness (other than the Notes)); provided that:
(a) the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Financial Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged (plus all accrued interest on the Financial Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith);
(b) such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, either (i) no earlier than the final maturity date of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity date of the Notes;
(c) if the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and
(d) if the Issuer was the obligor on the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Financial Indebtedness is incurred by the Issuer;
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government (or any agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity;
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating to any specific and near-term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual or potential bidder or any such designated advisor to be intended to occur, within 120 days of the date of such announcement of statement);
"Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements" means the financial statements published by the Issuer for the periods ended 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year;
"Rating Agency" means each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P;
"Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within the Change of Control Period (i) the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency is withdrawn and not subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control Period or (ii) the non-investment grade rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency is lowered one rating category (for example, from Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB or such similar lower or equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded within the Change of Control Period or (iii) an Investment Grade Rating Change occurs and is not subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control Period, provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the withdrawal or reduction was the result of the applicable Change of Control;
- 25-

"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness (whether being principal, premium or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over the counter market) (and includes for the purposes of these Conditions any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such Financial Indebtedness or any arrangement having a similar effect) but does not include, for the avoidance of doubt, any Security Interests that SATO Oyj provides in respect of its existing Secured Notes in order to meet its obligation to maintain the minimum collaterisation level under the Secured Notes (and including, any replacement of such Security Interests in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Secured Notes);

"Reporting Date" means a date falling no later than 30 days after the publication of each of (i) the Issuer's audited annual consolidated financial statements; and (ii) the Issuer's unaudited Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements;

"S&P" means Standard and Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited;

"Secured Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of such Financial Indebtedness, secured in whole or in part by any assets of any member of the Group;

"Secured Notes" means (i) the EUR 100 million senior secured notes issued by SATO Oyj on 16 April 2012 and (ii) the EUR 100 million, EUR 25 million and EUR 24 million senior secured notes issued by SATO Oyj under its EUR 500,000,000 programme for the issuance of notes under its base prospectus dated 6 March 2013;

"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;

"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person (the "second Person"):

(a) whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control (directly or indirectly), whether by ownership of more than 50 per cent. of the share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove the majority of members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or

(b) whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person;

and includes any Person that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary; and

"Testing Date" means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year from the first of such date following the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

5.

Interest

(a) Interest Accrual: The Notes bear interest from 14 March 2017 (the "Issue Date") at the rate of 1.125 per cent. per annum in respect of 2022 Notes (the "2022 Rate of Interest") and 1.875 per cent. per annum in respect of 2025 Notes (the "2025 Rate of Interest" and together with the 2022 Rate of Interest, the "Rate of Interest") payable annually in arrear on 14 March in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). Each period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called an "Interest Period".

(b) Cessation o f Interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due surrender of the relevant Note, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such case it will continue to bear interest at such rate (after as well as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent

- 26-

or the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment) in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).

(c) Calculation o f Interest fo r an Interest Period: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be calculated by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to the principal amount of such Note and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards).

(d) Calculation o fInterestfo r any other Period: The day count fraction applied to determine the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note will be calculated on the following basis:

(i)

if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during

which it ends, the day count fraction will be the number of days in the Accrual

Period divided by the number of days in such Determination Period; and

(ii) if the Accrual Period is longer than one Determination Period, the day count fraction will be the sum of:

(A) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

(B) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year.

Where:

"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated (from and including the first such day to but excluding the last); and

"Determination Period" means the period from and including 14 March in any year to but excluding the next 14 March.

The determination of the amount of interest payable under Conditions 5(c) (Calculation o fInterestfo r an Interest Period) and 5(d) (Calculation o fInterestfo r any other Period) by the Principal Paying Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on all parties.

6.

Redemption and Purchase

(a) Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Notes will be redeemed at their principal amount on 14 March 2022 in respect of the 2022 Notes and on 14 March 2025 in respect of the 2025 Notes, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments).

(b) Redemption fo r Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice, the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that:

(i)

it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred

to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the

laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or

any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the

- 27-

application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 9 March 2017, and
(ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, (but at no material cost) to mitigate the effects of the occurrence of the relevant events described in (i) above,
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (A) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (B) an opinion in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (i) and (ii) above in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 6(b) (Redemption fo r Taxation Reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(b) (Redemption fo r Taxation Reasons).
(c) Redemption at the option o f Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control): If after the Issue Date (i) a Change of Control occurs; and (ii) within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (a "Change of Control Event") the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, upon the holder of such Note giving notice to the Issuer as provided in this Condition 6(c)) Redemption at the option o f Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control)) at any time during the Put Option Redemption Period, redeem such Note on the Put Option Redemption Date at 101 per cent. of its principal amount together (if applicable) with interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the Put Option Redemption Date.
Immediately upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Event and the procedure for exercising the put option contained in this Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o f Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control)).
To exercise the put option pursuant to this Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o f Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control)), a holder must deposit the certificate representing the Note(s) to be redeemed with the Principal Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent within the Put Option Redemption Period. An Exercise Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable.
If 90 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o f Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control)), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after the Put Option Redemption Date, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes at 101 per cent. of their principal amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of such redemption. Such notice to the Noteholders shall specify the date fixed for redemption, the redemption price and the manner in which redemption will be effected.
- 28-

For the purpose of Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Put Option - Change of Control)):

(i)

"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event;

(ii) "Put Option Notice" means a Change of Control Notice;

(iii) "Put Option Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date which falls 14 days after the date on which the relevant holder exercises its option in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o f Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control));

(iv) "Put Option Redemption Period" means the period from and including the date on which a Put Option Event occurs (whether or not the Issuer has given a Put Option Notice (as applicable) in respect of such event) to and including the date falling 60 days after the date on which such Put Option Notice is given, provided that if no Put Option Notice (as applicable) is given, the Put Option Redemption Period shall not terminate.

(d) Redemption at the option o f the Issuer (Issuer Call): The Issuer may, at any time having given, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (an "Optional Redemption Notice") to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, (if applicable)), redeem all, but not part of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued on the relevant date (the "Optional Redemption Date") specified for redemption in the relevant Optional Redemption Notice at a redemption price equal to:

(i)

in the case of an Optional Redemption Notice served pursuant to this Condition

6(d) which is dated before the date falling three (3) months prior to the 2022

Maturity Date of the 2022 Notes or the 2025 Maturity Date of the 2025 Notes,

as applicable, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount; or

(ii) in the case of an Optional Redemption Notice served pursuant to this Condition 6(e) which is dated on or after the date falling three (3) months prior to the 2022 Maturity Date or the 2025 Maturity Date, as applicable, 100 per cent. of their principal amount;

in each case together with accrued but unpaid interest to such date, if any, up to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.

For the purpose of this Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)):

(i)

the "Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution

of international standing selected by the Issuer;

(ii) the "Make-Whole Redemption Amount" shall be calculated by the Determination Agent and notified to the Issuer and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of each remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin;

(iii) "Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means 0.30 per cent. in respect of the 2022 Notes and 0.35 per cent. in respect of the 2025 Notes;

(iv) "Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to the relevant Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal to the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference

- 29-

Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for the relevant Optional Redemption Date;
(v) "Reference Bond" means, in respect of the 2022 Notes, the 2 per cent. German government bond due January 2022 with ISIN DE0001135465, and in respect of the 2025 Notes, the 0.5 per cent. German government bond due February 2025 with ISIN DE0001102374 (or, where the Determination Agent advises the Issuer and the Trustee that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, such government bond is not appropriate for such purpose, such other German government bond as the Determination Agent may select);
(vi) "Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to the relevant Optional Redemption Date, (A) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;
(vii) "Reference Date" means the date set out in the relevant Optional Redemption Notice;
(viii) "Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; and
(ix) "Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" mean, with respect to each Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at 11.00 a.m. on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer.
(e) No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 6(a) (Scheduled redemption), 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Put Option - Change of Control)) and 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (Issuer Call)) above.
(f) Purchase: The Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase or procure others to purchase for its account Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price. The Notes so purchased may be held or resold (provided that such resale is outside the United States and is otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws) or surrendered for cancellation at the option of the Issuer or otherwise, as the case may be in compliance with Condition 6(g) (Cancellation o f Notes) below. The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any such Subsidiary shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meeting of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 13 (Meetings o f Noteholders; Modification, Waiver; Substitution o f the Issuer.
(g) Cancellation o f Notes: All Notes which are redeemed pursuant to Conditions 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Put Option - Change of Control)) and 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or submitted for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Purchase) will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. For so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange (the "Stock Exchange") and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer shall promptly inform the Stock Exchange of the cancellation of any Notes under this Condition 6(g) (Cancellation of Notes).
- 30-

7.

Payments

(a) Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent outside the United States by Euro cheque drawn on, or by transfer to a Euro account (or other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a bank in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.

(b) Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (e) (Payments other than in respect o f matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) (Principal) above.

(c) Interpretation: In these Conditions:

"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007;

"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro;

and

"TARGET System" means the TARGET2 system.

(d) Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding business day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. In this paragraph, "business day" means, in respect of any place of presentation, any day on which banks are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies in such place of presentation and, in the case of payment by transfer to a Euro account as referred to above, on which the TARGET System is open.

(e) Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.

(f) Deduction fo r unmatured Coupons: If a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto, then:

(i)

if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the

amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of

the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for

payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is

less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that

proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross

amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for

payment;

(ii) if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for payment:

(A) so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub

- 31-

paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and

(B) a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment.

Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 7(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. No payments will be made in respect of void Coupons.

(g) Payments other than in respect o f matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent outside the United States.

(h) Partial payments: If the Principal Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, the Principal Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment.

8.

Taxation

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment:

(a) by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the Kingdom of Sweden other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or

(b) more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days.

In these Conditions, "Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders.

Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of principal or interest (as the case may be) which may be payable under this Condition 8 (Taxation) or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution of this Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed.

- 32-

If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Sweden, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Sweden shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Sweden and/or such other jurisdiction.

9.

Events of Default

The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of not less than one fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction) shall, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are and they shall immediately become due and repayable in each case at their principal amount together with accrued interest if any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing:

(a) Non payment o f principal: The Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal payable in respect of any of the Notes when due and such default continues for a period of seven days; or

(b) Non-payment o f interest: The Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest payable in respect of any of the Notes when due and such default continues for a period of 14 days; or

(c) Breach o f covenants: The Issuer fails to meet the Consolidated Coverage Ratio set out in Condition 3(b)(ii) (Financial Covenants - Maintenance o f the Consolidated Coverage Ratio) for 90 days;

(d) Breach o f other obligations: The Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under the Notes or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where the Trustee considers the failure to be incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as is hereafter mentioned will be required) such default continues unremedied for 30 days or such longer period as the Trustee may agree after the Trustee has given written notice thereof to the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; or

(e) Cross default:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is not paid

when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period

and remains unpaid; or

(ii) any such Financial Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of:

(A) the Issuer;

(B) the Noteholders (pursuant to Conditions 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Put Option - Change of Control)));

(C) the relevant Subsidiary; or

(D) (provided that no event of default, howsoever described has occurred) any Person entitled to such Financial Indebtedness; or

(iii) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any guarantee of Financial Indebtedness (including any indemnity of such Financial Indebtedness or any arrangement having a similar effect) and remains unpaid,

provided that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to in Condition 9(e)(i) and (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any guarantee or indemnity referred to in Condition 9(e)(iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) and provided further that no default shall occur under this Condition 9(e)(ii) where such where such default occurs as a direct

- 33-

result of a change in legislation or regulations in Finland, whereby the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries are prohibited from holding state subsidised loans and the Issuer and/or any Subsidiary (as applicable) therefore is required to redeem such loans prior to their original maturity as a result thereof; or

(f) Judgment default: One or more final judgments or orders or arbitration awards for the payment of an amount in excess of EUR 30,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), whether individually or in aggregate, is rendered or granted against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or

(g) Security Enforced: A secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is appointed, of the whole or a substantial (in the opinion of the Trustee) part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of any member of the Group; or

(h) Insolvency, etc.:

(i)

the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to

pay its debts as they fall due save for any proceedings or actions which are

contested in good faith and discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty-eight

(28) days of its commencement;

(ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for any proceedings or actions which are contested in good faith and discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty-eight (28) days of its commencement; or

(iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee of any Financial Indebtedness given by it.

In this Condition 9(h), "Material Subsidiary" means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose consolidated total assets or consolidated pre-tax profits as shown in the most recent consolidated audited financial statements represent 5 per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets or consolidated pre-tax profits of the Issuer as calculated by reference to the most recent consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer.

(i)

Invalidity or unenforceability:

(i)

any action, condition or thing (including any consent approvals, registration or

filing) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled, obtained or done in order (A)

to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its respective rights and

perform and comply with its respective obligations under and in respect of the

Notes or the Trust Deed or the Paying Agency Agreement, (B) to ensure that

those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (C) to make the

Notes, the Trust Deed and the Paying Agency Agreement admissible as

evidence in the courts of England or Sweden is not taken, fulfilled or done; or

(ii) it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its respective obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Paying Agency Agreement; or

(j)

Substantial Change in Business: The Issuer or any of the members of the Group ceases

or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than,

in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an

amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent by the Group).

- 34-

10. Prescription
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.
11. Replacement of Notes and Coupons
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
12. Trustee and Paying Agents
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and relieved from responsibility in certain circumstances and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity relating to the Issuer without accounting for any profit.
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any consequence for individual holders of Notes or Coupons as a result of such holders being connected in any way with a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction.
In acting under the Paying Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Principal Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.
The initial Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office is listed below. The Issuer reserves the right (with the prior approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and to appoint a successor principal paying agent; provided, however, that the Issuer shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent.
Notice of any change in the Principal Paying Agent or in its Specified Office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders.
13. Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution
(a) Meetings o fNoteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions, the Paying Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or by the Trustee and shall be convened by the Trustee upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing not less than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that certain proposals (including any proposal: to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds, or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed (other than as permitted under Clause 7.3 of the Trust Deed); to change the currency of payments
- 35-

under the Notes; or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (each, a "Reserved Matter")) may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more persons holding or representing not less than threequarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not.
In addition, a resolution in writing and electronic consent signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b) Modification and waiver: The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree to any modification of these Conditions, the Paying Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders and to any modification of the Notes or the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, authorise or waive any proposed breach or breach of any Condition of the Notes, the Paying Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (other than a proposed breach or breach relating to the subject of a Reserved Matter) or determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (each as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby. Any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter unless the Trustee agrees otherwise. With respect to any such waiver, the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution or of a request in writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.
Unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter.
(c) Substitution. The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trust Deed sets out but without the consent of the Noteholders (and subject to prior notification to, and confirmation from, any relevant Rating Agency that there is no adverse change to the credit rating granted by such Rating Agency in respect of the Notes) to the substitution of any Subsidiary of the Issuer in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substitute under Clause 7.3 of the Trust Deed, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. No Noteholder shall, in connection with any such substitution, be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the Trustee any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution upon individual Noteholders, except to the extent provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) (or any undertaking given in addition to or substitution of it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed).
14. Enforcement
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings as it thinks fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes, but it shall not be bound to do so unless:
(a) it has been so requested in writing by the holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution; and
(b) it has been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or provided with security to its satisfaction.
- 36-

No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.
15. Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders and in accordance with the Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, with the consent of the Trustee, create and issue other series of notes having the benefit of the Trust Deed.
16. Notices
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.
So long as any o f the Notes are represented by a Global Note, notices required to be published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) may be given by delivery o f the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg fo r communication by them to the relevant accountholders, provided: (i) that such notice is also delivered to the Irish Stock Exchange; and (ii) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange and the rules o f the Irish Stock Exchange so require, publication will also be made in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in the Republic o f Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times). Any such notice shall be deemed to be given on the date o f delivery to the relevant clearing system.
17. Currency Indemnity
The Trust Deed provides that if any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes or the Issuer, shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer, or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent with its Specified Office in London against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof, on the date of such receipt. This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action.
18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) Governing law: The Trust Deed, the Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.
(b) Jurisdiction: The Issuer has irrevocably agreed for the benefit of the Trustee and the Noteholders, that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and/or the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with them and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The Trustee and the Noteholders may take any suit,
- 37-

action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and the Notes against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions if and to the extent permitted by law. (c) Appointment o fprocess agent: The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of such agent ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.
- 38-

SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM
The Notes will initially be in the form of the Temporary Global Note which will be deposited on or around the Closing Date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
The Notes will be issued in new global note ("NGN") form. On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used.
The Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility - that is, in a manner which would allow the Notes to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in part for interests in the Permanent Global Note not earlier than 40 days after the Closing Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes while they are represented by the Temporary Global Note cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") in the denomination of EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof at the request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against presentation and surrender of the Permanent Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent if either of the following events (each, an "Exchange Event") occurs: (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events o f Default) occurs.
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable only in the minimum authorised denomination of EUR 100,000 and higher integral multiples of EUR 1,000, notwithstanding that no Definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above EUR 199,000.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons attached, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the occurrence of the relevant Exchange Event.
In addition, the Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
Payments: All payments in respect of the Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Temporary Global Note or (as the case may be) the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Temporary Global Note or (as the case may be) the Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
- 39-

Payments on business days: In the case of all payments made in respect of the Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note "business day" means any day on which the TARGET System is open. Exercise o f put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option o f Noteholders (Put Option - Change o f Control)) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Principal Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 16 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by the Permanent Global Note (or by the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
- 40-

USE OF PROCEEDS

The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, expected to amount to EUR 495,805,000 in respect of the 2022 Notes and EUR 493,765,000 in respect of the 2025 Notes after deduction of the combined management and underwriting commission and the other expenses incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes, shall be used for general corporate purposes, including debt refinancing. Some of the proceeds will be used to repay loans to various financial institutions including certain of the Joint Lead Managers.

Debt Capitalisation Table

The following table sets out the expected capitalisation of the Company following the issuance of the Notes.

Year

MSEK

Proportion (%)

within one year

6 614

13%

1-2 years

5 115

10%

2-3 years

8 677

18%

3-4 years

6 199

13%

4-5 years

10 048

20%

> 5 years

12 927

26%

Total

49 580

100%

- 41-

DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
General Fastighets AB Balder (publ) (the "Issuer" or the "Company") is a public limited company incorporated under the Swedish Companies Act of the Kingdom of Sweden ("Sweden") and registered in Sweden with registration number 556525-6905. Its registered address is Box 531 21, 400 15 Goteborg, Sweden, and its telephone number is +46 31 109 570. The Issuer was formed on 15 June 1995 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 7 December 1995. The Issuer has been listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large cap, since 1 January 2015.
The Issuer, along with its subsidiaries (together referred to as "Balder" or the "Group") owns and manages a diversified property portfolio in Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland (in Finland through a 53.8 per cent. equity stake in SATO Oyj ("SATO")). The Group portfolio generated an annual rental income of SEK 5.4 billion for the year ended 31 December 2016, and had an estimated fair value of SEK 86.2 billion and a lettable area of 3,805,512 square metres as of 31 December 2016. As of 31 December 2016, residential properties generated around 66 per cent. of the rental income of the Group, and commercial properties generated 34 per cent. (comprising offices at 14 per cent., retail at 10 per cent. and other properties including hotels at10 per cent.).. Balder's residential portfolio comprises approximately 13,000 apartments in Sweden, 1,000 apartments in Denmark, and 25,500 apartments in Finland. The commercial portfolio is mainly concentrated in Sweden's largest cities in the central business district areas and comprises 68 office properties, 89 retail properties, and 43 other properties, including 28 hotel properties. Apart from Balder's direct real estate holdings it also has minority holdings in several property management companies (the "Real Estate Companies") and certain investment assets, including 44 per cent. of the listed niche bank Collector AB (publ) ("Collector", and together with the Real Estate Companies, the "Associated Companies"). The Associated Companies are not consolidated in Balder's annual financial statements, as Balder's holding in each one is 50 per cent. or less. The Real Estate Companies together own 81 properties and Balder's ownership stake equates to a lettable area of 218,836 square metres and an estimated fair value of SEK 6.0 billion as at 31 December 2016. Balder's equity holdings in the Associated Companies equates to a rental income of SEK 0.3 billion as at 31 December 2016, a profit from property management of 0.4 billion and a profit after tax of SEK 0.6 billion for 2016. The whole Group, including the Issuer and the relevant Associated Companies, generated a gross profit from property management activities of SEK 2.7 billion and a net profit after tax of SEK 6.1 billion for 2016. Balder has its head office in Gothenburg, Sweden and several regional offices in Sweden, Finland and Copenhagen. This decentralised geographic presence enables it to build up relationships with many of its customers.
Group Structure The legal structure of the Group is typical of property companies. Most properties are owned by special purpose vehicle ("SPV") companies, which are in turn owned by the Issuer. The Issuer has over 250 companies that are directly and indirectly 100 per cent. owned by it. The chart below shows the simplified legal structure for the Issuer and its directly owned subsidiaries.
- 42-

History of Balder 2005-2008 Balder was first established and listed on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2005. During this period, the organisation established itself in Gothenburg, Stockholm and Malmo. The Company's focus was to develop a presence in growth regions in Sweden where there was a long-term demand for commercial properties. By the end of 2008, Balder owned 122 properties with a fair value of SEK 7.1 billion. 2009 Balder acquired Din Bostad Sverige AB ("Din Bostad"), a listed residential company. The acquisition of Din Bostad transformed Balder from being solely a commercial property company to having an equal split in its portfolio between residential and commercial properties. By the end of 2009, Balder owned 419 properties with a fair value of SEK 12.7 billion. 2010-2012 Balder made its first acquisition in Denmark in 2010 and also invested in wind power turbines. The Company decided to exit the industrial property market and as a result, sold all of its warehouse properties. In 2011, the Company issued 4,000,000 Preference shares (see "Share Structure and Shareholders'" below). By the end of 2012, Balder owned 432 properties with a fair value of SEK 22.3 billion. 2013-2015 During 2013 and 2014, Balder continued to grow its property portfolio in Denmark and Sweden. By the end of 2015, Balder owned 1,177 properties with a fair value of SEK 68.5 billion in Denmark and Sweden. In 2015 Balder also acquired 53.3 per cent. of SATO, which owned over 24,000 apartments in Finland. 2016 In 2016 Balder acquired its first property in Norway. In December 2016, Balder obtained a credit rating of `Baa3' from Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"). In 2016, Balder also acquired a portfolio of properties for SEK 4.2 billion, the main tenant of which is Hedin Bil (a Swedish automobile company, offering car sales, servicing and other supplementary services and with a group turnover of SEK 11 billion). The average length of the leases contained in this portfolio is over 11 years. Balder completed a directed issue of Ordinary Shares of SEK 1.7 billion to partly finance the deal. See `Share Structure and Shareholders' below.
- 43-

SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS Financial Summary 2007-2016 - Full Financial Years

SEK (in

2007

millions)

Rental

678

Income

Profit from

179

property

management

before tax(1)

Changes in

642

value of

properties

Changes in

7

value of

interest rate

derivatives

Net profit for

785

the year

Carrying amount(2) of properties

6,758

Key Financial Ratios(3)

Return on

41.5

equity

Ordinary

Share (%)

Interest

1.7

coverage ratio

(times)

Equity/ assets

30.1

ratio (%)

Debt/equity

2.2

ratio (times)

Net debt to

66.5

assets (%)

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

633

854 1,333 1,466 1,701 1,884 2,525 2,711 5,373

174

315

417

516

691

854 1,275 1,780 2,653

-201

4 1,047 990 812 854 3,050 3,388 4,932

-333

-23

148 -520

-71

433 -624

227 -114

-388

248 1,338

812 1,162 1,738 3,128 4,916 6,093

7,086 12,669 14,389 17,556 22,278 27,532 37,382 68,456 86,177

-18.7

9.6 33.6 14.3 17.0 21.5 29.7 28.2 20.9

1.6

2.1

2.1

2.1

2.4

2.9

3.4

5.1

3.7

23.3 24.1 30.9 35.2 34.8 37.3 35.5 37.8 38.3

3.0

2.9

2.1

1.6

1.7

1.5

1.6

1.4

1.3

69.4 68.9 62.3 56.0 57.3 53.3 54.6 51.6 50.0

Notes:

(1)

The 2016 numbers are Limited Review pursuant to an IAS Limited Review for the period. The

2007-2015 numbers are audited numbers.

(2)

Market value of properties

(3)

Key ratios from 2015 have been calculated using Collector at market value.

- 44-

SHARE STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDERS

The Company has approximately 22,000 shareholders and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large cap. The Company has three different classes of shares: Ordinary Class A shares, Ordinary Class B shares; and Preference shares.
The Company's overall market capitalisation as of 31 December 2016 amounted to SEK 36,371,000,000. As of 31 December 2016, the share capital of the Company amounted to SEK 190,000,000 comprising 190,000,000 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 1.00, of which 11,229,432 shares are Ordinary Class A shares, 168,770,568 are Ordinary Class B shares and 10,000,000 are Preference shares. Balder has no repurchased Ordinary shares, which means that the total number of outstanding Ordinary shares amounts to 180,000,000. Each Ordinary Class A share carries one vote, and each Ordinary Class B share and Preference share carries one tenth of one vote.
Ordinary Shares
The Ordinary Class A shares are not listed, but the Ordinary Class B shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap. The price of the Ordinary Class B share was SEK 184.10 at 31 December 2016, corresponding to a decrease of 11.8 per cent. during the year. At 31 December 2016, the number of Ordinary shareholders totalled 13,997. The proportion of foreign shareholders decreased by 2 per cent. during the year and, at 31 December 2016, amounted to 20 per cent. of the total number of Ordinary shareholders.
Preference Shares
The price of the Preference share was SEK 323.30 at 31 December 2016, corresponding to a total annual yield, including dividend, of 10.03 per cent. At 31 December 2016, the number of Preference shareholders totalled approximately 9,300. The annual turnover in the Preference share corresponded to 33 per cent. of the total number of Preference shares.
The Preference share carries a preferential right, over the Ordinary share, to an annual dividend of SEK 20 with quarterly dividend of SEK 5. Record days for the dividend are 10 January, 10 April, 10 July and 10 October. If the dividend on the Preference share is not paid in time, or is for a lower amount than expected, the difference is added to the amounts unpaid, together with interest of 14 per cent. on the unpaid amount.
Shareholders
The majority shareholder of the Company is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which holds 34.5 per cent. of the capital and controls 48.2 per cent. of the voting rights. Erik Selin Fastigheter AB is the holding company of the CEO, Erik Selin, who is also the founder of the Company.
Other large shareholders include Arvid Svensson Invest AB and Swedbank Robur fonder, and 46.7 per cent. of the capital is also held by the Board and the Senior Management team.
The following table shows the largest shareholders in the Company as at 31 December 2016:

Owner
Erik Selin Fastigheter AB Arvid Svensson Invest AB Swedbank Robur fonder

Class A Ordinary
shares
8,309,328

Class B Ordinary
shares

Preference shares

Total number of
shares

57,210,900

500 65,520,728

Capital (%)
34.5

Votes (%)
48.2

2,915,892 13,542,540

16,458,432

8.7

14.7

11,707,995

11,707,995

6.2

4.0

- 45-

Owner

Class A Ordinary
shares

Class B Ordinary
shares

Preference shares

Total number of
shares

Lnsfrskringar Fondfrvaltning AB

7,571,909

7,571,909

JPM Chase

- 6,671,346

80,781 6,752,127

Handelsbanken Fonder AB

6,343,346

6,343,346

Anders Hedin Invest AB

5,000,000

5,000,000

SEB Investment management

3,304,313

3,304,313

Lannebo fonder

2,950,000

- 2,950,000

CBNY Norges Bank

2,614,143

2,614,143

Other

4,212 51,854,076 9,918,719 61,777,007

Total

11,229,432 168,770,568 10,000,000 190,000,000

Capital (%) 4.0
3.6 3.3 2.6 1.7 1.6 1.4 32.5 100

Votes (%)
2.6
2.3 2.2 1.7 1.1 1.0 0.9 21.2 100

- 46-

BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY

Balder's business strategy is to acquire, develop and manage residential and commercial properties in growing and developing locations within major cities in the Nordic region. Over the past few years, the Company has achieved diversification of its portfolio to countries including Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. The focus of the Company has also been on concentrating its residential portfolio in large cities in the region, namely Stockholm, Copenhagen, Helsinki and Gothenburg. The focus on commercial properties, meanwhile, has been more concentrated in Stockholm and Gothenburg, where there is a stronger demand for office space.
Balder's aim is to create value for its owners, employees and the community. Balder attempts to accomplish this by:
 establishing swift decision-making procedures;  implementing cost-efficient management solutions;  working actively to acquire properties and land with development potential and creating
growth by investing, developing, streamlining and rationalising its business; and  meeting tenants' needs.
Balder's operations are focused on long-term growth, positive cash flows and increasing profit from its property management activities.
Financial Goals
Balder's financial goals are to achieve:
1. a stable and consistent return on equity; 2. an equity-to-assets ratio of not less than 35 per cent.; 3. a net debt/ total assets ratio of not higher than 55 per cent.; and 4. an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.0.
See "Finance and Capital Structure" for further information.
The financial outcomes for the years ended 31 December 2015 and 31 December 2016 are set out below.

Financial Targets
Equity/Total Assets (%) Interest Coverage Ratio (times) N et D ebt/ Total Assets (%)

Target 35 2 55

2015 37.8 5.1 51.6

2016 38.3 3.7 50.0

Dividend Policy
Balder prioritises growth, capital structure and liquidity in its business, and accordingly, the dividend for Ordinary shareholders is either set at a nominal level or not declared at all in order for funds to be retained within the Company. The Company has not declared a dividend to Ordinary shareholders since 2008 and all profits have been re-invested in the business.
The dividend for each Preference share amounts to SEK 20.00 per year. See "Share Structure and Shareholders'".
Management Structure
Balder currently has 30 administrative offices, which are divided into six regions. In each region, all aspects of property management are handled in-house by the Company's personnel, who are responsible for letting and operations as well as the environment and maintenance. This facilitates fast decision-making procedures, close proximity to the customer and in-depth local knowledge, which assists the Company in fostering long-term relationships with its customers. The company offers for rent a wide range of commercial premises and residential housing in a number of locations at varying rates. Property

- 47-

development is undertaken in consultation with customers based on their requirements. The property management teams regularly arrange meetings with tenants in Balder's various locations in order to obtain feedback on the actual state of the properties.
Customer Relationships
The Company continuously looks to improve the Group's service and product offering. The Customer Relations department, which manages relationships with customers, is central in achieving this continuing improvement, and is responsible for a number of initiatives, including conducting a survey to measure individual customers' experiences against a customer satisfaction index ("Njd Kund Index" or "NKI").
In January 2015, Balder carried out its third NKI in collaboration with AktivBo, an organisation which provides companies with performance management systems. The survey was sent out to approximately 50 per cent. of the Company's residential tenants and to all commercial tenants. The results showed that more than 90 per cent. of Balder's tenants who responded to the 2015 survey were satisfied with their premises and housing. The results also showed that tenants perceived Balder as accessible and accountable, that tenants found it easy to report faults and that any repair work was performed in a reasonable time and to a good standard. The majority of the customers surveyed were also satisfied with the equipment provided in their apartments, however many also stated they wished to have the ability to modernise and personally influence the standard of their accommodation. As a result, following the 2015 survey, Balder offered standardised enhancement options in properties in all of its locations.
In order to improve communication between Balder as a landlord and its tenants, Balder has expanded its customer service and error reporting systems by ensuring employees have a broad knowledge of different languages, including English, Swedish and Arabic.
Balder's goal is for its residents to remain long-term customers. In commercial premises, Balder recognises that it is important to work closely with its customers and accommodate their requests in order to satisfy operational needs and improve their potential for increased profitability.
Project Development
In property development transactions, Balder considers it to be important to be able to control the entire value chain, from the acquisition of land to the completion of the project.
Balder has a large number of on-going zoning plans in the existing property portfolio and also works with municipalities to receive land allocations for future residential developments. The Company's aim is to create an extensive portfolio of building rights in order to enable it to continue producing a large number of rental, condominium and tenant-owned apartments annually in Gothenburg, Stockholm, Helsinki and Copenhagen. Tenant-owned apartments are a common form of housing in Sweden. Typically, a housing association will have ownership of an entire apartment building and will then grant its members the right to occupy and use the apartments for an unlimited period of time.
Property development at Balder is mainly limited to residential projects. Commercial property development is usually only undertaken to support housing projects where there is a requirement to do so in the relevant zoning plan.
In locations where Balder owns existing property, the Company is focusing on creating new building rights on the existing land in order to invest further in areas where it already operates, particularly Gothenburg, Stockholm Helsinki and Copenhagen.
Planned Building/Owned Projects
The Group is currently planning a number of projects, including those listed below. However, their development is dependent on a number of variables and there can be no assurance that the projects will be completed on schedule or at all.
Stockholm
In the "Gladan 3" property on Kungsholmen in Stockholm, Balder plans to replace the existing office with 100 new tenant-owned apartments arranged over 11 floors with an inner courtyard on the ground floor. The zoning plan is expected to be adopted in early 2017.
- 48-

Copenhagen
At Amager Strand, Balder is constructing 450 apartments in the new resunds Park district. Construction of the project is underway and, given it is a mixed development, will be completed in phases. The projected completion date is in 2018.
In 2015, Balder also acquired a real estate project in restad called "restad 321". Construction of the 156 rental apartments has begun and the project is expected to be ready for occupation during summer 2017.
Gothenburg
The City of Gothenburg and its business community are partnering in a collaborative project, "BoStad2021", to increase the construction rate of properties in Gothenburg, achieve a better mix of properties, help with accessibility and create good value apartments in the city. By 2021, Gothenburg's 400th anniversary, 7,000 new apartments are expected to be completed (in addition to regular housing construction).
Of these 7,000 apartments (the target number of properties for the initiative), Balder plans to construct around 1,000 apartments, distributed among the following four areas - Sdra Bergsjn, Svartedalen, Vstra Frlunda and Majorna.
In Sdra Bergsjn, Balder will construct around 150 apartments, of which about 75 are terraced houses, aimed at first-time buyers. The zoning plan is expected to be adopted during 2017.
In Svartedalen, along Lngstrmsgatan, Balder is planning to construct around 350 apartments in varied developments. The zoning plan is expected to be adopted during 2017.
At Munspelsgatan, in Vstra Frlunda, Balder is planning to construct around 450 apartments, mainly tenant-owned, adjacent to Balder's existing property holding, "Stjrnhusen" (the star-shaped building). The zoning plan is expected to be adopted during 2017.
Finally, near 훜vsborgsbron, in Majorna, Balder (in collaboration with HSB, a cooperative owned by its members) is developing the old "Fixfabriken". The area is included in the Gothenburg Jubilee initiative, with 500 tenant-owned apartments planned for the development (and Balder being responsible for half of these). The zoning plan is expected to be adopted by the end of 2017.
Social Engagement
Balder supports social engagement initiatives both locally and regionally, while striving to ensure that its customers feel comfortable in and around their housing developments. Balder encourages diversity in the belief that it creates economic and social growth in society and therefore works to create socially mixed housing areas, for example, by integrating both rental and tenant-owned apartments in its developments.
Environmental Responsibility
Balder has re-evaluated its green initiatives and policies following the 21st session of the Conference of the Parties in 2015 ("COP21"). In 2016, Balder's employees participated in environmental and energy training to implement Balder's environmental management system and emphasised the importance of reducing energy consumption within the organisation.
Energy
During 2015, Balder's energy consumption was 312 million kWh, with district heating consumption forming the largest proportion of this.
Although Balder properties with heating systems based on fossil fuels represent a small share of this energy consumption in relation to the total consumption figure, Balder's goal is to replace these with sustainable heating systems by the end of 2017.
Balder is also producing its own renewable electricity through its 10 wind turbines that generate a yearly average of 22.5 million kWh, equivalent to the average annual consumption of approximately 900 houses.
- 49-

To achieve a reduction in energy consumption, Balder has implemented initiatives at various levels of its organisation. In 2016, Balder drew up an energy policy to outline its aims and objectives in relation to energy consumption. The energy policy emphasises the Company's belief that comfort levels need not be affected in efforts to reduce consumption. Pursuant to the energy policy, some Balder properties feature indoor temperature sensors and an estimated average temperature feature, which regulates how much heat should be pumped into the heating system.
Balder is also working towards the centralisation of all its energy control systems. This means that Balder can control installations remotely and quickly detect alarms in the units, which enables a safer and more energy-efficient operation of Balder's properties.
The final measure Balder has implemented to achieve a high level of operational safety is to install durable and energy efficient fittings in its properties. Balder uses reliable product suppliers in order to ensure that any required parts are readily available.
Waste
Balder's aim is to minimise the quantity of waste going to landfill and maximise recycling. It therefore measures the amount of waste that is sorted and recycled (the "Sorting Rate") in its properties. Its long-term goal is to achieve a Sorting Rate of 55 per cent. for commercial properties. The Sorting Rate for 2015 was 58 per cent.
Balder is taking measures to ensure that all refuse rooms in its properties are designed in a way that encourages and facilitates waste sorting and it informs tenants about the waste management options available in each relevant property.
Phase-out Substances
The Swedish Chemicals Agency has defined a `phase-out substance' as a substance with particularly hazardous properties according to approved criteria regarding environmental and health consequences, for example carcinogens or mutagens. The criteria are in line with the European Union's chemicals legislation, REACH, Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC). Phase-out substances may be prohibited in the future.
Balder avoids introducing phase-out substances into its properties where possible. In day-to-day operations, this means that products are either eco-labelled or checked against an environmental database by a Balder employee.
Skills Development
In order to ensure resource-efficient property management, all property caretakers are required to participate in internal training in basic building technology. The aim is for every employee to get a basic understanding of the buildings' different functions and connections as well as the environmental and cost repercussions of operational errors.
Environmental Requirements during Construction
Each new building Balder constructs gives rise to both short-term and long-term environmental impacts and Balder therefore imposes a number of environmental requirements at an early stage of its project development plans. The following items show some of the environmental aims imposed in all of Balder's new construction projects:
 Properties shall be rated as Energy class B (25 per cent. under the National Board of Housing's new building standards).
 Material and products shall at least meet the criteria "acceptable" in the Swedish Building Materials Assessment or achieve a level "B" with SundaHus, a leading provider of environmentally conscious materials.
 Wood and wood-based products shall be certified as coming from a sustainable resource according to FSC, PEFC or equivalent.
 Effective waste disposal solutions shall be available in every apartment.  A maximum of 10 per cent. of the weight of building waste from construction shall be
put into landfill.  Water-efficient taps and toilets shall be fitted into all properties.
- 50-

 Projects shall be designed so that tenants prioritise environmentally friendly transport alternatives, for example by facilitating car pools and making bicycles available for tenants to borrow.
Environmentally Sound Buildings Balder has a number of environmentally classified buildings in its portfolio which are certified by either Green Building, the Sweden Green Building Council or Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ("LEED"). Balder's most recently acquired property is "Park49" (7,500 square metres), which is Balder's new head office. The property has been constructed in order to achieve certification of "Platinum", LEED's highest level for sustainable buildings.
- 51-

PROPERTY MARKET OVERVIEW
The Swedish Property Market
The continuing low interest environment and gap between property yields and the lending rate mean that the investment climate for properties is favourable and Balder continues to maintain its performance in the Swedish property market.
The economic upturn in Sweden is broad and the performance of the Swedish economy is positive due to Sweden's expansionary monetary policy. However, inflation is not gaining momentum and due to difficulties in reaching the inflation target, Sveriges Riksbank ("Riksbank"), Sweden's central bank, implemented further monetary policy easing and support measures. In February 2016, the Riksbank decided to cut the repo rate to -0.50 per cent.
The continuing low interest environment is also contributing to a continued rise in prices in the Swedish property market. The existing imbalance between supply and demand and pressed yield requirements are making investments more expensive in metropolitan markets. During 2016, Balder has seen increasing interest for investments in Sweden's larger cities. In several sub-markets, the residential segment is dominating investment interest.
According to the IPD Swedish Property index1by MSCI Inc., the total yield on property investments in 2016 was significantly higher than the average for the past ten years. Offices and residential properties showed the highest total yields of 16.2 per cent. and 14.7 per cent., respectively, of which the change in value was just over 10 per cent. in both property categories.
According to NAI Svefa, a Swedish property advisory company, the service sector is showing stronger growth than industry, which is creating demand for new office properties, particularly in metropolitan areas. The domestic population increase in Sweden together with the migration of refugees is also creating demand for new housing and is further increasing the housing shortage across the country. The extensive regulation surrounding construction of new properties combined with long lead times required for planning increase the time taken to complete developments and mean that it is difficult to meet demand for new housing in the short-term.
The strong investment interest in recent years has meant that banks continue to be willing to lend to property companies. The opportunities for property companies to attract capital via stock market listings, new issues, preference share issues, bonds and traditional borrowing forms are still considered to be good despite the uncertain stock market climate. The property investment conditions in Sweden remain positive and capital is available for investment in the field.
The Danish Property Market
Denmark, with its stable economy, fixed-exchange rate policy to the Euro and low interest rates, has proved to be an attractive market for both domestic and foreign capital seeking high security and a positive demographic trend in property investments. Copenhagen occupies a very strong position in the Danish property market2.
The overall property transaction volume in Denmark in 2015 amounted to about DKK 51 billion, of which the Copenhagen area accounted for about 75 per cent.
According to the commercial property adviser Sadolin & Albaek, during 2015, investment interest shifted from the office segment of the market to the residential segment, though this equalised during 2016. During 2015, residential properties accounted for 38 per cent. of total transaction volume and office properties accounted for 27 per cent., however in 2016 both residential and office volumes accounted for 32 per cent. each.
The market for condominiums showed a very strong price trend in Denmark during 2015 and 2016. Prices throughout the country rose by 12 per cent. during 2015 (compared to 2014) and have grown at a
1https://indices.ipd.com/Default.aspx?ReportingService=SEPAS&Frequency=A&Currency=SEK&Cultur e=en-GB&FileFormat=pdf
2 http://sadolinalbaek.dk/sites/default/files/attachments/copenhagen property market report 2016 web.pdf
- 52-

similar rate in 2016. This annual price increase is the highest since 2006 and prices have now recovered to the level that prevailed before the sharp fall in prices that began in 2007. The number of newly constructed apartments in Denmark has also increased sharply. Since prices of newly constructed apartments are generally higher than for older buildings this has meant a positive price trend overall for all apartments in Copenhagen. 휺rhus (Denmark's second-largest city) and 흈borg also showed a positive performance in terms of rising prices and increased construction of new apartments in attractive areas. The current low interest rates are important for the condominium market and according to Sadolin & Albaek, with expectations of continued low interest rates, the condominium market is expected to remain positive in the next few years, particularly in Copenhagen and Denmark's larger cities. The Finnish Property Market The Finnish property market differs from the Swedish one in terms of the ownership structure among the larger private property companies in the industry. In Finland, there are currently three Large cap listed property companies, compared to approximately ten large listed property companies in Sweden. The largest property owners in Finland are domestic pension funds and institutions. Urbanisation is increasing rapidly in Finland. Relocation, mainly employment-related, is responsible for strong housing demand in Finland's larger cities. Between 1990 and 2014, the population in urban areas increased by approximately 640,000 people. Rental apartments are a popular form of housing in Finland. In Helsinki, almost half of residents live in rental apartments. Of the 2.6 million permanent dwellings in the whole of Finland3, rental apartments account for approximately 820,0004 (around 31 per cent.). Of these rental apartments, around half are owned by private investors. SATO Oyj, which is a subsidiary of Balder, owns approximately 7 per cent. of all rental apartments in the capital region. Prices of apartments and rental rates have increased in recent years. Demand for smaller, good value apartments has increased the most, due to the fact that a large proportion of households in the larger cities only consist of one or two persons. As a result, many housing companies focus mainly on the construction of new, smaller apartments. For example, the average size of SATO's apartments is 57 square metres.
3 https://www.stat.fi/til/asas/2015/01/asas 2015 01 2016-10-13 kat 002 en.html 4 http://www.ara.fi/en-US/Steering and monitoring
- 53-

GROUP PROPERTY PORTFOLIO

As at 31 December 2016, Balder owned 1,220 properties with a lettable area of approximately 3,805,512 square metres and a value of SEK 86,177 million, including property development projects. Balder's total rental value (excluding property development projects) amounted to SEK 6,025 million. This includes properties owned by SATO, which was consolidated with Balder from 1 January 2016.

In the following section, "resund" includes Copenhagen and Malm, "North" includes Norway, Karlstad, Sundsvall and Gvle and "East" includes Finland (excluding Helsinki) and the Eastern part of Sweden.

Balder's real estate holding per region, as at 31 December 2016

REGION Helsinki

Number of
properties
501

Lettable area
(sq.m.)
1,010,505

Rental value (MSEK)
2,122

Rental value (SEK/sq.m)
2,100

Rental income (MSEK)
2,025

Economic occupancy rate (%)
95

Carrying Carrying

amount(1) amount

(MSEK)

(%)

24,393

28

Stockholm

61 533,904

927

1,736

867

94

15,797

18

Gothenburg

194 903,206

1,150

1,274

1,108

96

17,053

20

resund

71 418,022

624

1,493

580

93

10,368

12

East

314 758,121

992

1,309

949

96

11,021

13

North

79 181,755

209

1,150

206

99

3,086

4

Total

1,220 3,805,512

6,025

1,583

5,736

95

81,718

95

Project developments

64

64

4,459

5

Total

1,220 3,805,512

6,089

1,583

5,800

95

86,177

100

(1)

Carrying amount means the market value of the properties

Balder's real estate holding per property category, as at 31 December 2016

PROPERTY CATEGORY
Residential

Numbe r of
propert ies

Lettabl e area (sq.m.)

1,020 2,531,54 7

Rental value (MSEK
)
3,973

Rental value (SEK/s q.m)

Rental income (MSEK
)

Econom ic
occupa ncy rate
(%)

Carryin
g amount (MSEK
)

1,569 3,819

96 48,775

Carryin g
amount (%)
57

Office

68 432,228

865 2,002

783

90 14,139

16

Retail

89 499,778

598

1,197

569

95 9,154

11

Other(u

43 341,960

588

1,718

565

96 9,650

11

Total

1,220 3,805,51

6,025

1,583

5,736

95 81,718

95

2

Project developments

64

64

4,459

5

Total

1,220 3,805,51 2

6,089

1,583

5,800

95 86,177

100

1Other property categories include hotels, education, nursing, industry and mixed used properties.

- 54-

Carrying amount (including projects) per region, as at 31 December 2016
Seriesl, North, 4%, 4%
Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North
The diagram above illustrates the distribution by region of the market value of the properties Balder owns, including its property development projects. Carrying amount (including projects) per property category, as at 31 December 2016
 Seriesl, Other,
Residential Office Retail Other
The diagram above illustrates the distribution of Balder's properties by property category. `Other' includes hotels, education, nursing, industry and mixed used properties. Strategy for Residential Properties In 2016, residential properties continued to be a popular investment. Residential properties generally have a lower risk profile due to the prevailing housing shortage in most parts of Sweden and the fact that the current level of construction for new apartments is not sufficient for both current and future needs. The supply of residential properties in metropolitan areas continues to be low, which has meant that some property companies have directed their interest towards properties outside the metropolitan areas of the larger cities or towards residential properties in smaller cities geographically located throughout Sweden. Overall, however, the number of property companies that have chosen residential properties as an investment object has increased during 2016. Foreign buyers have also returned to the Swedish market according to Newsec, a Swedish property advisor.
- 55-

In view of a shrinking transaction market for residential properties and lower yields5, Balder has continued to pursue its strategy, namely, development of existing properties and increased construction of new apartments in the longer term. The Company's goal is to create new property developments with higher values and better yields than the existing transaction market can offer in the residential segment.
In Gothenburg and Stockholm, among other cities in Sweden, work on new zoning plans is on-going, and this will likely result in a broader supply of apartments. Traditional apartment blocks will be mixed with other forms of housing, such as smaller terraced houses and tenant-owned apartments. This will mean a more efficient use of existing land and that these areas become more attractive from a residential perspective.

Key data for Residential properties as at 31 December 2016 Number of properties Lettable area (sq.m. thousands) Number of apartments Rental value (MSEK) Economic occupancy rate (%) Carrying amount (MSEK)

1,020 2,531,547
39,500 3,973 96
48,775

Residential properties - distribution per region as at 31 December 2016

Area

Sq.m. thousands

%

Helsinki

1,011

40

East

665

26

Gothenburg

386

15

North

149

6

resund

181

7

Stockholm

140

6

Total

2,532

100

Strategy for Commercial Properties
The continuing low interest rate and Riksbank's expected negative repo rate until late 20186 meant that the market for commercial properties in Sweden was strong during 2016. Yield requirements have decreased during the past year, particularly in larger cities. The demand for properties was greater than the supply available in the market as a result of a sharp increase in capital inflows from non-European market participants among other factors. The funding opportunities were also good in Sweden, both in terms of traditional bank financing and financing through new issues of bonds.

5 http://www.newsec.se/insikter--rapporter/newsec-propertv-outlook/
6 http://www.riksbank.se/en/Monetarv-policv/Forecasts-and-interest-rate-decisions/Current-forecast-forthe-repo-rate-inflation-and-GDP/

- 56-

In 2016, Balder continued its strategy of reducing its property holdings in less central areas in the Stockholm region and in locations where it does not have representation in the form of a local office or in-house property management personnel. For a number of years, the focus instead has been on acquiring and maintaining commercial properties in central parts of Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malm. The structural refinement of Balder's commercial property portfolio is a deliberate concentration strategy aimed at improving the quality and location of the properties.

According to Newsec, there is still demand for central office properties as vacancy levels in Stockholm and Gothenburg amount to just below 4 per cent., which is at the same level as during 2014 and 2015. In Malm, the vacancy rate is higher at around 8.5 per cent, mainly due to new production of office properties in Vstra Hamnen.

Balder has an experienced in-house lettings department that lets vacant premises and finds solutions to premises issues for tenants. As a result, Balder's economic occupancy rate for commercial properties was 93.5 per cent. at 31 December 2016.

The value of Balder's commercial property holdings in Stockholm's inner city at 31 December 2016 amounted to SEK 9.1 billion, which corresponds to 68 per cent. of the total value of its commercial properties in the region. Balder's average value per square metre for centrally located office properties in Stockholm amounts to approximately SEK 57,000. The equivalent figure in Gothenburg is SEK 8.4 billion, and SEK 2.3 billion in Malm.

Key data for Commercial properties as at 31 December 2016

Number of properties

200

Lettable area (sq.m. thousands)

1,273,966

Rental value (MSEK)

2,051

Economic occupancy rate (%)

93.4

Carrying amount (MSEK)

32,943

Commercial properties - distribution per region as at 31 December 2016

Area

Sq.m. thousands

%

Gothenburg

517

41

Stockholm

394

31

resund

237

19

East

93

7

North

33

3

Helsinki

0

0

Total

1,274

100

SATO Acquisition
On 1 April 2015, Balder carried out its first acquisition of shares in SATO Oyj (Finland's second largest housing company), equivalent to 21 per cent. of the outstanding shares and voting rights.
Subsequently, Balder gradually acquired more shares in SATO. On 30 December 2015, Balder acquired a further 22.9 per cent. of the outstanding shares and votes, and together with the previous total holdings of shares and votes, which amounted to 30.4 per cent., this meant that Balder owned 53.3 per cent. in total of

- 57-

the outstanding shares and votes. Balder has therefore consolidated SATO in its balance sheet from 31 December 2015, and SATO's earnings during the year are recognised in the Group as profit from participations in Associated Companies.
SATO is also a property company, which has high-quality properties in excellent locations that complement Balder's existing operations and property portfolio. The number of employees of SATO amounted to 175 people as at 31 December 2016, of which 121 were women (69 per cent.). SATO owns just over 25,000 apartments; 80 per cent. of the properties are located in the Helsinki area and the remainder can be found in Tampere, Oulu, Turku, Jyvaskyla and St. Petersburg (although the board of SATO have decided not to increase the number of properties it owns in St. Petersburg going forward). The value of SATO's properties has developed positively in recent years through acquisitions and construction under its own brand. SATO has more than 1,212 rental apartments under construction and 628 rental apartments were completed during 2016.
The housing market in Finland consists of 2.6 million apartments, of which two thirds are condominiums and one third are rental apartments (according to Statistics Finland). SATO's share of the rental market is about 3 per cent. The largest owners in the Finnish market are insurance companies, pension funds and municipalities, which usually own apartments for social purposes. Demand for smaller apartments exceeds supply, especially in the Helsinki region. SATO's apartments have an average area of 57 sq. m.
Bovieran
Bovieran AB ("Bovieran") is a property company that plans, develops and builds tenant-owned apartments for senior residents. Balder began its collaboration with Bovieran in 2013, and during spring 2015, became the 100 per cent. shareholder. Bovieran has several new developments in progress, including in Helsinborg and Falun.
Associated Companies
In order to boost the volume of newly constructed apartments in the locations in which it operates, Balder, in addition to its own projects, also works with a number of strong partners, both property-related (the Real Estate Companies) and investment related (including Collector).
Trenum AB
Balder has formed Trenum AB in partnership with the Third Swedish National Pension Fund for investment in the construction of new rental properties in three metropolitan regions, Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo, and growth areas with a positive population trend.
Brinova Fastigheter AB
In 2015, Balder became a part-owner of Brinova Fastigheter AB (listed on Nasdaq First North since 13 September 2016) together with Backahill AB, among others. Brinova Fastigheter AB had property holdings of about SEK 3 billion as of 31 December 2016. The venture aims to expand its property portfolio in residential, public and commercial properties, particularly in southern Sweden.
Tornet Bostadsproduktion
Balder is also a shareholder of Tornet Bostadsproduktion AB ("Tornet"), which concentrates on the construction, ownership and management of residential properties. Other shareholders in Tornet are Peab AB, Folksam and Riksbyggen. At present, the property portfolio includes about 700 apartments and there are ongoing projects and construction plans for approximately 700 additional apartments.
Centur and Tulia
In addition to the Real Estate Companies that focus on residential property, Balder also has two joint ventures which focus mainly on commercial properties in Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo: Fastighets AB Centur (with Peab AB, a listed construction company), and Tulia AB (with Andre 흆erlund, a private investor).
Collector
In addition to the Real Estate Companies, Balder has a 44 per cent. share in a listed niche bank called Collector. Collector focuses on financing solutions, credit management, payment solutions, debt
- 58-

collection and the legal industry in particular. Balder's first acquisition of shares in Collector was completed in 2011. Collector is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Large cap. Erik Selin, Balder's CEO, is both on the board of Collector and on its Credit Committee.

Balder's participation in the Associated Companies' real estate holdings and balance sheets as of 31 December 2016 are shown in the tables below.

Balder's participation in the Associated Companies' real estate holdings, as at 31 December 2016

Distributed by region
Stockholm

Number of properties*

Lettable area
(sq.m.)

Rental value (MSEK)

Rental value (SEK/sq.m)

Rental Economic Carrying income occupancy amount (MSEK) rate (%) (MSEK)

Carrying amount
(%)

45 108,794

164

1,508

160

98

2,649

44

Gothenburg

11 47,506

58

1,213

54

93

892

15

resund

25 62,536

91

1,455

89

98

1,344

22

Total

81 218,836

313

1,429

303

97

4,885

82

Project developments

21

21

1,106

18

Total

81 218,836

333

1,429

324

97

5,991

100

Distributed by property category

Residential

27 45,453

69

1,524

68

98

1,329

22

Office

11 29,315

55

1,871

50

91

900

15

Retail

34 94,964

105

1,111

103

98

1,512

25

Other

9 49,104

83

1,692

83

99

1,145

19

Total

81 218,836

313

1,429

303

97

4,885

82

Project developments

21

21

1,106

18

Total

81 218,836

333

1,429

324

97

5,991

100

*) Refers to the entire portfolio o f the associated companies.

Balder's participation in the balance sheets of Associated Companies, as at 31 December 2016/2015

MSEK

2016

2015

Assets

Properties

5,991

4,414

Other assets

54

247

Cash and cash equivalents

203

61

Total assets

6,248

4,723

Equity/shareholder loan

2,549

1,726

Interest-bearing liabilities

3,319

2,501

- 59-

Other liabilities Total equity and liabilities

379 6,248

496 4,723

Divestments
While Balder has increased its holdings of residential properties through construction, a number of properties are divested every year. Divestments are usually focused on cities where Balder does not have any local management or where the property portfolio is too small to enable efficient management.
Lease Structure
Balder's property portfolio has a diversified structure, with a total of over 50,000 contracts that are balanced between commercial and residential tenants as well as having a geographical spread. In order to offset the risk of reduced rental income and a weak occupancy rate, the Company strives for long-term relationships with its existing tenants.
Balder's ten largest individual leases represent 5.6 per cent. of its total rental income and the average lease term amounts to 11.8 years. No individual lease accounts for more than 0.8 per cent. of Balder's total rental income and no individual tenant accounts for more than 4.0 per cent. of total rental income. The average lease term for the entire commercial portfolio is 7.1 years.
The spread of the Company's leases as of 31 December 2016 is shown in the table below. Leases terminated on 31 December 2016 (or where termination will or is expected to take place) are recognised as leases maturing within one year.
Lease maturity structure, as at 31 December 2016

Lease maturity structure as at 31 December 2016

Maturity date

Number of leases

Proportion (%)

2017

1,071

37

2018

694

24

2019

491

17

2020

329

11

2021 and beyond 329

11

Total

2,914

100

Residential

36,970

Car park

5,879

Garage

4,529

Total

50,292

Contracted annual rent
(MSEK) 176 237 270 222 1,095 2,000 3,740 17 43 5,800

Proportion (%)
3 4 5 4 19 34 64 0 1 100

Tenants Balder's 10 largest customers as at 31 December 2016 are shown in the table below.

Tenant
I.A Hedin Bil AB Scandic Hotels AB

Annual rent (MSEK)
232.0
140.7

Turnover (MSEK)
8,086
4,660

Number of leases 40
10

Proportion (%)
4.0 2.4

- 60-

Tenant
Winn Hotel Group AB ProfilHotels SCA Hygiene Products AB Stureplansgruppen Norwegian State ICA Sverige AB Kopparbergs Bryggerier AB Stockholm Municipality

Annual rent (MSEK) 64.1
55.8 48.3
33.1 29.9 26.8 26.8
25.7

Turnover (MSEK)
628

Number of leases
3

Proportion (%) 1.1

630

4

1.0

5,730

2

0.8

1,160

2

0.6

N/A

1

0.5

68,498

7

0.5

1,972

3

0.5

N/A

2

0.4

- 61-

FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Financial operations at Balder are conducted in accordance with the targets that the Board decides upon annually as the Company's financial policy. The targets are set in order to limit the financial risks that Balder is exposed to, namely interest, refinancing and liquidity risk. The overall goals of Balder's financial policy are:

 to secure the supply of short-term and long-term capital;  that the equity/assets ratio should not be less than 35 per cent. at any time;  that the interest coverage ratio should not be less than 2.0 times; and  that the net debt/total assets ratio should not exceed 55 per cent.

Prior to the issuance of the Notes, 28.2 per cent. of Balder's funding consists of capital markets financing and the remainder is comprised of bank financing with eight different Nordic banks and state-subsidised loans (the latter being raised in Finland by SATO). As of 31 December 2016 Balder had outstanding bonds totalling SEK 10,972 million and outstanding commercial paper totalling SEK 3,002 million.

Balder's interest-bearing liabilities amounted to SEK 49,580 million as at 31 December 2016. The secured liabilities in relation to total assets amounted to 39.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2016. On the same date, the net loan-to-value ratio was 50.0 per cent (the net loan-to-value ratio is calculated as net interest-bearing liabilities divided by total assets). Balder's fixed credit term amounted to 4.2 years, the fixed interest term was 2.4 years and the average interest rate amounted to 2.1 per cent. (including interest rate derivatives).

Balder's financial goals

Goals

Outcome 2016*

Outcome 2015*

Equity/assets (%)

35.0

38.3

37.8

Interest coverage ratio (times)

2.0

3.7

5.1

Net Debt/Total Assets (%)

55.0

50.0

51.6

* Key ratio including Collector at market value. Key ratios Return on equity Ordinary Share (%) Return on total assets (%) Net debt to total assets (%) Debt/equity ratio (times) Interest coverage ratio (times) Equity/assets ratio (%) Average fixed credit term (years) Average interest rate refixing period (years)

2016* 20.9 9.9 50.0 1.3 3.7 38.3 4.2 2.4

2015* 28.2 10.5 51.6 1.4 5.1 37.8 4.4 2.9

* Key ratio including Collector at market value.

- 62-

Fixed interest term, as at 31 December 2016

Year

MSEK

Within one year

25,975

1-2 years

4,742

2-3 years

1,959

3-4 years

4,416

4-5 years

7,736

> 5 years

4,752

Interest, % 1.0 4.6 3.3 2.7 3.0 3.0

Proportion, % 52 10 4 9 16 10

Fixed credit term, as at 31 December 2016 Year
Within one year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-6 years > 5 years

MSEK

16,174 5,115 8,677 6,199 5,268 8,147

Proportion, % 33 10 18 13 11 16

Credit Rating
Balder's Baa3 long term issuer rating primarily reflects the Company's focus on stable rental housing properties in Sweden and Finland as well as the prime locations of its commercial properties in Sweden's largest cities. The rating also positively reflects management's conservative dividend policy, which results in high cash flow retention and the ability to reinvest cash flow generated in the business.

- 63-

BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE7
Board of Directors The Board of Directors is elected at the annual general meeting ("AGM") of shareholders and consists of a minimum of three and a maximum of seven members. The rules of the Swedish Companies Act apply to resolutions in the Board, which means that more than half of the members must be present at a meeting and more than one third of the total number of members must vote for resolutions. The Chairperson has the casting vote in the event of the same number of votes. Both of the major shareholders, Erik Selin Fastigheter AB and Arvid Svensson Invest AB, are represented on the Board through Erik Selin and Fredrik Svensson respectively. The Board's duties and responsibilities The Board's main duty is to manage the affairs of the Company on behalf o f its shareholders. The Board has responsibility for ensuring that the Company's operations are conducted in accordance with the articles of association, the Swedish Companies Act, any other applicable laws and regulations and the rules of procedure adopted annually by the Board (the "Rules of Procedures"). The Board acts collectively under the leadership of the Chairperson. The Board members ensure that the CEO fulfils his duties in accordance with the Board's guidelines and directions. The Board's duties include, but are not limited to the following:
 establishing business plans, strategies, significant policies and goals for the Company and the Group;
 determining the Company's and Group's overall organisation;  electing and dismissing the CEO;  ensuring that there is a functioning reporting system;  ensuring that there is satisfactory control of the Company's and Group's compliance with laws
and other regulations that apply to operations;  approving the Rules of Procedures and instructions to the CEO annually;  approving financial reporting in the form of interim reports, year-end reports and annual
accounts that the Company shall publish;  ensuring that the Company has a functioning approvals list and approvals process;  approving necessary guidelines for the Company's conduct in society with the aim of ensuring
long-term value creation and a sustainability perspective; and  ensuring that the Company has an appropriate system for assessment, follow up and control of
the risks associated with the Company and its operations. The Rules o fProcedures o f the Board o fDirectors The Board adopts the Rules of Procedures each year, which describes the duties of the Board and the division of responsibilities between the Board and the CEO. It also describes what matters shall be dealt with at each Board meeting and outlines instructions regarding financial reporting. The Rules of Procedures also prescribe that the Board shall have an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee. The Chairperson of the Board typically serves as the Chairperson of the Committees.
- 64-

Board meetings
The Board shall, in addition to the statutory meeting, hold Board meetings on at least four occasions annually. The CEO and/or CFO shall, as a general rule, present a report to the Board. The Company's employees, auditor or other external consultants shall be called in to Board meetings in order to participate and report on matters as required.
Board meetings are held in connection with the Company's reporting. Matters of significant importance to the Company are dealt with at each ordinary Board meeting, for example acquisitions and divestments of properties, investments in existing properties and financing questions. In addition, the Board is informed about the current business situation in the rental, property and credit markets.
Board members
Christina Rogestam
Born 1943. Chairperson of the Board since 2006. Education and experience: Bachelor of Arts, Social studies. Previously President and CEO of Akademiska Hus AB and board member of Fastighets AB Stenvalvet. Shareholding in Balder: 61,000 Class B shares privately held, 3,000 Class B shares and 2,080 Preference shares via the company Rogestam & Widing rdgivning och rekrytering AB.
Anders Wennergren
Born 1956. Board member since 2009. Education and experience: Bachelor of Laws, Lawyer and partner at Advokatfirman Glimstedt, and board member of Serneke Group AB. Shareholding in Balder: 250,000 B shares via the company Bassholmen AB.
Sten Dunr
Born 1951. Board member since 2007. Education and experience: Bachelor of Science (Econ.). CEO of Lnsfrskringar AB, chairman of Lnsfrskringar Bank, Lnsfrskringar Sak and Lnsfrskringar Fondliv, board member of Lns frskringar Liv and Svensk Frskring and the Employers' Organisation of the Swedish Insurance Companies. Shareholding in Balder: No shareholding in Balder.
Fredrik Svensson
Born 1961. Board member since 2005. Education and experience: Bachelor of Science (Econ.), CEO of AB Arvid Svensson, and chairman of Klvern AB. Shareholding in Balder: 2,915,892 Class A shares and 13,542,540 Class B shares via the company, Arvid Svensson Invest AB.
Erik Selin
Born 1967. Board member since 2005. CEO since 2005. Education and experience: Business school economist, Chairman of Skandrenting AB, board member and vice chairman of Collector Bank AB (publ), board member of Vstsvenska Retailskammaren, Astrid Lindgrens vrld and Hexatronic Scandinavia AB (publ). Shareholding in Balder: 10,500 Class B shares and 500 Preference shares privately held and 8,309,328 Class A shares and 57,200,400 Class B shares via the company Erik Selin Fastigheter AB.
The CEO
The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group following the guidelines and policies determined by the Board. The CEO reports on Balder's development to the Board, prepares the order of business at Board meetings according to an approved agenda and ensures that the required material is compiled and distributed to the Board members prior to Board meetings.
- 65-

Senior Management
The Senior Management Group of the Company deals with all key issues for the management of the Group, such as matters relating to strategy, budget, investments, business planning, and financial reporting. The Senior Management Group's duties include the implementation of the decisions of the Board of Directors under the leadership of the Chairperson and CEO. The Senior Management Group is not a corporate body and has no standing at law or under the articles of association; it simply serves as a body to assist the Chairperson and CEO.

As at the date of this Prospectus, the Senior Management Group consists of the following persons:

Year of

Name

birth

Position

Erik Selin.................................. 1967 CEO

Magnus Bjrndahl................... 1957 Director of Economy

Petra Sprangers....................... 1965 Head of Personnel and Administration

Benny Ivarsson........................ 1955

Head ofProperty

Sharam R ahi............................. 1973 Head of Property Management and Vice CEO

Marcus Hansson...................... 1974 Head of Finance

Board Committees
The Board of Directors has established two permanent committees, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for monitoring and evaluating the application of the guidelines for remuneration and levels of compensation to senior executives (as determined at the AGM) and also draws up proposals for new guidelines for principles of remuneration and other terms of employment. Before the resolution of the AGM, the Board is responsible for proposing principles for remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and other senior executives. Following the resolution of the AGM, it is the duty of the Remuneration Committee to decide on remuneration for the CEO and other officers. The Remuneration Committee is composed of all independent Board members and meets at least once every year.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is responsible for assessing the quality of the Company's financial reporting, assisting the Nomination Committee in drawing up proposals for auditors and their fees and ensuring a qualified independent audit of the Company takes place. The Audit Committee shall meet the Company's auditor at least once per calendar year. During 2016, the Audit Committee, which was composed of all

- 66-

independent Board members, met the Company's auditor on one occasion and received a report on the performed audit.
Business Address
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors, the Chairperson and CEO and the Senior Management Group is Parkgatan 49, 400 15 Goteborg, Sweden.
Absence of Conflicts of Interest
The members of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management Group, the Chairperson and CEO do not have any conflicts of interest between their duties relating to the Company and their private interests and/or their other duties.
Corporate Governance
Corporate governance in Swedish listed companies is governed by a combination of written rules and practice. The rules and regulations have been developed through legislation, recommendations, the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance (the "Code") and through self-regulation. The Code is based on the principle of comply or explain, which means that all rules need not always be complied with if there is a suitable reason and explanation.
Some of the Code's principles are aimed at creating a good basis for the exercise of an active and responsible ownership role and creating a balance of power between owners, the Board and the executive management. The Code also requires that certain information is made available on the Company's website. The Swedish Code of Corporate Governance is administered by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board. Balder applies the Code, which is intended to serve as part of the self-regulation within the Swedish business community.
Articles of Association
The Company's objects shall be directly or indirectly, through wholly-owned or part-owned companies, to acquire, manage, own and divest real property and securities and carry on other activities connected therewith. The articles of association, among other things, contain information regarding share capital, number of shares, class of shares and preferential rights, the number of Board members and auditors as well as provisions regarding notice and agenda for the annual general meeting.
Annual General Meeting
The AGM is the Company's highest decision-making body in which the shareholders exercise their rights to decide on the affairs of the Company. The Board and auditors of the Company are elected by the AGM according to the proposal of the Nomination Committee. The AGM also passes resolutions regarding amendments of the articles of association and regarding change in the share capital. To participate in passing resolutions, each shareholder must be present at the meeting, either personally or by proxy. In addition, each shareholder must be registered in the share register on a certain date prior to the meeting and notification of participation must be given to the Company within a certain determined period. Shareholders who wish to have a special matter dealt with at the AGM can normally request this if the request is made to Balder's Board of Directors in advance of the meeting. Resolutions at general meetings of shareholders are normally passed by simple majority. In certain questions, the Swedish Companies Act prescribes that proposals must be approved by a larger proportion of the shares represented and cast at the meeting.
Nomination Committee
The AGM resolves on the procedure for election of the Board, and when applicable, the auditors. The AGM 2016 resolved that a Nomination Committee should be established in order to submit proposals on the number of Board members, the election of Board members including the Chairperson of the Board and remuneration for Board members and for the auditors.
The Nomination Committee's proposals are typically announced in conjunction with the notice convening the AGM. All shareholders are given the opportunity to submit nomination proposals to the Nomination Committee.
- 67-

The AGM 2016 adopted the Nomination Committee's proposal that the Nomination Committee should be composed of one representative for each of the two largest shareholders or ownership spheres in addition to Lars Rasin, who represents the other shareholders. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee is Lars Rasin. The Nomination Committee's term of office extends until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed. If Lars Rasin resigns as Chairman of the Nomination Committee, the Company's Chairperson shall appoint a new Chairman until the next general meeting of the Company. The Nomination Committee is currently composed of Jesper Mrtensson, representing Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, Rikard Svensson, representing Arvid Svensson Invest AB, and Chairman Lars Rasin. Conflict of Interest Board members or the CEO may not deal with issues concerning agreements between themselves and the Company or Group, nor may they deal with issues regarding agreements between the Company and a third party, if they have a material interest that can conflict with that of the Company. Lawsuits or other actions are dealt with in a similar manner. Where applicable, it is incumbent on the Board member or CEO to disclose if a conflict of interest situation would arise. Litigation As of the date of this Prospectus, the Company is not currently engaged in any material on-going disputes or litigation.
Related Party Transactions During 2016 Erik Selin Fastigheter AB purchased property- related administrative services from Balder for SEK 2 million. The services were priced based on market-related terms. The parent company, Balder, also performed property-related administrative services on behalf of its subsidiaries amounting to SEK 174 million. As at 31 December 2016, receivables from subsidiaries amounted to SEK 24,629 million. The price for the administrative and financial services provided was based on market-related terms. In addition to the related party transactions described above, the Group also has shares in the Associated Companies. During 2016, a number of the Associated Companies purchased management and administrative services from Balder. Balder also purchased services from Collector AB (publ). Net receivables from the Associated Companies amounted to SEK 664 million as at 31 December 2016. The price for the administrative and financial services provided was based on market-related terms.
- 68-

GLOSSARY OF TERMS All Key ratios include listed Associated Companies at market value Financial Return on equity, Ordinary Share (%) Profit after tax reduced by Preference share dividend for the period in relation to average equity after deduction of the preference capital. The profit was converted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value. Return on total assets (%) Profit before tax with addition of net financial items in relation to average balance sheet total including listed Associated Companies at market value. The profit was converted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value. Profit from property management (SEKm) Profit before tax with reversal of changes in value. Reversal of changes in value and tax as regards participation in profits of Associated Companies also takes place. Net loan-to-value ratio (%) Interest-bearing liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and financial investments in relation to total assets including listed Associated Companies at market value.. Interest coverage ratio (times) Profit before tax with reversal of net financial items, changes in value and changes in value and tax as regards participation in profits of Associated Companies, in relation to net financial items. Debt/equity ratio (times) Interest-bearing liabilities in relation to equity. Equity/assets ratio (%) Shareholders' equity in relation to total assets including listed Associated Companies at market value at the end of the period. Share-related Equity per Ordinary Share (SEK) Shareholders' equity in relation to the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares at the end of the period after deduction of the preference capital. Equity per Preference Share (SEK) Equity per Preference share is equivalent to the average issue price of the Preference share of SEK 287.70 per share. Profit from property management per Ordinary Share (SEK)
- 69-

Profit from property management reduced by Preference share dividend for the period divided by the average number of outstanding Ordinary Shares. Average number of shares The number of outstanding shares at the start of the period, adjusted by the number of shares issued during the period weighted by the number of days that the shares have been outstanding in relation to the total number of days during the period. Non-current net asset value per Ordinary Share (EPRA NAV) (SEK) Shareholders' equity per Ordinary Share with reversal of interest rate derivatives and deferred tax according to balance sheet. Profit after tax per Ordinary Share (SEK) Profit attributable to the average number of Ordinary Shares after consideration of the Preference share dividend for the period. Property-related Yield (%) Estimated net operating income on an annual basis in relation to the fair value of the properties at the end of the period. Net operating income (SEKm) Rental income less property costs. Economic occupancy rate (%) Contracted rent for leases which are running at the end of the period in relation to rental value. Property category Classified according to the principal use of the property. The break-down is made into office, retail, residential and other properties. Other properties include hotel, educational, care, industrial/ warehouse and mixed-use properties. The property category is determined by what the largest part of the property is used for. Property costs (SEKm) This item includes direct property costs, such as operating expenses, media expenses, maintenance, ground rent and property tax. Rental value (SEKm) Contracted rent and estimated market rent for vacant premises. Surplus ratio (SEKm %) Net operating income in relation to rental income.
- 70-

TAXATION
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of the Kingdom of Sweden of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.
Also investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which an investor holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any jurisdiction may have tax implications. Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the tax consequences for them of any such appointment
Swedish Taxation
Non-resident holders o f Notes
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden.
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes.
Private individuals who are not resident in the Kingdom of Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in the Kingdom of Sweden or have lived permanently in the Kingdom of Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption.
Resident holders o f Notes
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden.
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are resident holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable.
I f the Notes are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB or held by a Swedish nominee in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts A ct (SFS 1998:1479), Swedish preliminary taxes are withheld by Euroclear Sweden AB or by the nominee on payments o f amounts that are considered to be interest fo r Swedish tax purposes to a private individual (or an estate o f a decease individual) that is a resident holder o f any Notes.
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT")
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances.
- 71-

Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. FATCA Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of Sweden have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.
- 72-

SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Barclays Bank PLC, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Nordea (the "Joint Lead Managers") have, in a subscription agreement dated 9 March 2017 (the "Subscription Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein, jointly and severally agreed to subscribe for the Notes at their issue price of 99.441 per cent. of their principal amount in respect of the 2022 Notes and 99.033 per cent. of their principal amount in respect of the 2025 Notes less a combined management and underwriting commission. The Issuer has also agreed to reimburse the Joint Lead Managers for certain expenses incurred in connection with the management of the issue of the Notes. The Joint Lead Managers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Subscription Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes.
General
No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers that would, or is intended to, permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any related offering material, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute this Prospectus or any offering material relating to the Notes, in all cases at their own expenses.
United Kingdom
Each Joint Lead Manager has further represented, warranted and undertaken that:
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
United States of America
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.
Each Joint Lead Manager has agreed that, except as permitted by the Subscription Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise, until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the issue date of the Notes, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
- 73-

Kingdom of Sweden Each Joint Lead Manager has agreed that it will not (directly or indirectly) offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or purchase or sell the Notes or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. lagen (1991:980), om handel medfinansiella instrument) nor any other Swedish enactment. Neither the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) nor any other Swedish public body has examined, approved or registered this Prospectus or will examine, approve or register this Prospectus. General Each Joint Lead Manager has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. Persons into whose hands this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in all cases at their own expense.
- 74-

GENERAL INFORMATION

Authorisation

1.

The creation and issue of the Notes has been authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors

of the Issuer dated 22 February 2017.

Admission to Trading

2.

This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the

Prospectus Directive. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be

admitted to the Official List and trading on the Main Securities Market through Walkers Listing

Services Ltd. Walkers Listing Services Ltd is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the

Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the

Official List or to trading on the Main Securities Market for the purposes of the Prospectus

Directive. The estimated amount of total expenses related to the admission of the Notes to the

Official List and to trading on the Main Securities Market is approximately EUR 6,540.

Legal and Arbitration Proceedings

3.

There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings

which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had

during the 12 months prior to the date of this Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial

position or profitability of the Group.

Significant/Material Change

4.

Since 31 December 2015 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer

nor any significant change in the financial or trading position of the Group.

Auditors

5.

The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the years ended

31 December 2014 and 31 December 2015 by Ohrlings Pricewaterhouse Coopers AB (PwC),

chartered accountants and members of FAR SRS.

Documents on Display

6.

Copies of the following documents may be inspected in electronic form during normal business

hours at the registered office of the Issuer for the life of this Prospectus:

(a) the constitutive documents of the Issuer;

(b) the Paying Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed; and

(c) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2014 and 31 December 2015 and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the twelve months ended 31 December 2016.

Yield

7.

On the basis of the issue price of the 2022 Notes of 99.441 per cent. of their principal amount, the

yield of the 2022 Notes is 1.241 per cent. on an annual basis and on the basis of the issue price of

the 2025 Notes of 99.033 per cent. of their principal amount, the yield of the 2025 Notes is 2.007

per cent. on an annual basis.

Legend Concerning US Persons

8.

The Notes and any Coupons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: "Any

United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United

States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the

Internal Revenue Code.

- 75-

ISIN and Common Code

9.

The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

The ISIN of the 2022 Notes is XS1573192058 and the common code is 157319205. The ISIN of

the 2025 Notes is XS1576819079 and the common code is 157681907.

10. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg.

Conflict of Interest

11. There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of the Issuer towards the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties.

Dealing by Joint Lead Managers

12. Certain of the Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.

In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Joint Lead Managers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

Enforcement by the Trustee

13. The Conditions provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders in certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified, prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction. It may not be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions in relation to the Notes and accordingly in such circumstances the Trustee will be unable to take action, notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity to it, and it will be for Noteholders to take action directly.

- 76-

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

billions................................................................... 1 Clearstream, Luxembourg...................................2 Closing D ate......................................................... 2 Definitive N otes.................................................39 EC B ..................................................................... 39 EUR....................................................................... 1 euro........................................................................ 1 Euroclear.............................................................. 2 Eurosystem......................................................... 39 Exchange Event..................................................39 Issuer..................................................................... 1 Main Securities M arket.......................................2 M anagers.......................................................1, 73 Maturity D a te ....................................................... 1

Member State........................................................1 NGN.................................................................... 39 N otes......................................................................1 Official List........................................................... 1 Permanent Global N ote....................................... 2 Prospectus............................................................. 1 Prospectus D irective............................................ 1 Regulation S..........................................................2 Securities A ct....................................................... 2 SEK........................................................................1 Subscription Agreement.................................... 73 Subscription and Sale.......................................... 2 Swedish krona.......................................................1 Temporary Global N ote...................................... 2

- 77-

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITORS' REPORTS Contents
Auditors' report and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the F-1 year ended 31 December 2014 Auditors' report and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the F-105 year ended 31 December 2015 Unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the twelve F-213 months ended 31 December 2016
- 78-

kd
iva o

Annual Report 2014

Content

Overview Balder Comments by the CEO Balder is almost 10 years old 6 Comments by the Chairman of the Board 7 Multi-year summary 8 Balder's development 11 Business concept 12 Current earning capacity 13 The share and owners 16 Our customers 18 Organisation and employees 20 Corporate sustainability 22 A property's history 24 The property market 28 Balder's real estate portfolio 30 Residential properties 32 Commercial properties 35 Transactions 38 Property and project development 40 Real estate valuation

43 Financing 46 Opportunities and risks 50 Associated companies
Financial reporting 53 Report of the Board of
Directors
Consolidated statement of 58 Comprehensive income 59 Financial position 60 Changes in equity 61 Cash flows
Parent Company 62 Income statement 63 Balance sheet 64 Changes in equity 65 Cash flow statement
66 Notes 86 Audit report 87 Corporate Governance 92 Board of Directors 93 Management and Auditors 94 Property list 101 Definitions and calendar

Annual General Meeting
The Annual General Meeting of Fastighets AB Balder (publ) will take place on 6 May 2015 at 3.00 p.m. at the Radisson BLU Scandinavia Hotel Gothenburg, Sdra Hamngatan 59-65 in Gothenburg.
Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday, 29 April 2015, and must give notice of their attendance to the company either by letter to Fastighets AB Balder, Box 53121, 400 15 Gothen burg, or by telephone +46 31 10 95 70, by fa x +46 31 10 95 99 or by email to eve.knight@balder.se. The company provides a power of attorney form on its website www.balder.se for shareholders who wish to be represented by proxy. The notification must be received by Balder no later than 4 May 2015 at 4.00 p.m.
Notification must include the shareholder's name, Swedish personal iden tity number or corporate identity number, address, telephone number and the registered shareholding. Shareholders who are represented by proxy must submit a written and dated power of attorney, which may not be more than five years old on the date of the Annual General Meeting. A proxy who is repre senting a legal entity must submit a certificate of registration or correspon ding legitimacy papers showing authorised signatories. Shareholders whose shares are held through nominees must arrange for temporary registration of the shares in their own name in order to have the right to participate in the Meeting. Such registration must be completed at Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday, 29 April 2015

Cover picture: Inom Vallgraven 22:6, Gothenburg This page: Lindholmen 39:2, Gothenburg

Fastighets AB Balder is a property company which shall meet the needs of different customer groups for premises and housing based on local support. Balder's real estate holdings were valued at SEK 37.4 billion (27.5) on 31 December 2014. The Balder share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap.

F-2

Balder overview

Real estate value, SEKm

Profit from property management, SEKm

StKm

5tKm

ns

as
ns

-oC +ou+
ucz CZD)
O U

I ________________________________________
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 12,000
9.000 6.000 3,000
0 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 12,000
9.000 6.000 3,000
0 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 8,000 -

ai O
(Z
*--1 m < -z u< i컉 첟>
in o
<U

ill 2,000 0 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

StKm

4.000 3.000 2.000 1,000

1lll1l l11r11t

2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

SEKm 2,000 -

Hi l l _____
500 l l l l l 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 4,000 -

2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

I 0 ________________________________________ 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 400 -- 300 200 -
,1
 I I I 100 _______ 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 400 -- 300 200
ill
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 200 -- 150 100
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 160 -----120
80 -
.1
40 -
mi
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 60 ----45 30
15 l l l l l l 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SEKm 200 -- 150 100
50
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

Lettable area, %
Residential, 53 Office, 22 Retail, 11 Other, 14

Residential, 27 Office, 48 Retail, 5 Other, 20
Ressii'dential, 52 Office, 19 Retail, 14 Other, 15
Residential, 49 Office, 22 Retail, 11 Other, 18
Residential, 75 Office, 1 Retail, 18 Other, 6
Residential, 89 Office, 2 Other, 9
Retail, 60 Residential, 2
< 4 " Office, 16
Other, 22

1) Associated companies are included in the overall profit from property management for Balder but not as regards real estate value or lettable area.

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 1 F-3

Comments by the CEO
Besides the fact that our associated companies are good business opportunities in themselves, involving companies and people that we value and like, I also would like to say that I personally and no doubt many others, have learned a lot from these companies and other collaboration over the years.

f t We gained two new jointly-owned com panies in Gothenburg, with Elof Hansson as well as Coop. We look forward
to many very good yea rs and transactions together with these new partners.

Dear shareholders, for Balder, 2014 was an intensive year with a high level of activity on the property management and transaction side. We sold a num ber of properties and acquired hotels, land and development properties as well as buildings in central Stockholm and Gothenburg. We continued to invest in Denmark and also added Finland as a new market, so far on a small scale, but we see interesting opportunities there in the longer term.
Associated companies There was also a high level of activity among our associated companies. It can be mentioned that when GE Capital Real Estate decided to no longer act a direct inves tor in the Swedish property market, we agreed to acquire their participating interest in our jointly-owned company and this it is now wholly-owned by us. We gained two new jointly-owned companies in Gothenburg, with Elof Hansson Fastigheter as well as Coop Fastigheter. We look forward to many very good years and transactions together with these new partners. Centur, which we own together with Peab, made large acquisitions during the year, laying the groundwork for interesting investment opportunities for a long time to come.
Besides the fact that our associated companies are good business opportunities in themselves, involving companies and people that we value and like, I also would like to say that I personally and no doubt many others, have learned a lot from these companies and other collaboration over the years. Luckily, I still have much to learn and hopefully many years of collaboration to look forward to.

2 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 F-4

The market The generally cautious economic situation without inflation has currently resulted in interest rate levels, which for some borrowers and maturities are down in negative territory. Personally, I think that negative interest rates are a bit difficult to relate to and in some ways make it harder to esti mate reasonable yield requirements on different classes of assets.
The low interest rate levels have still not led to inflation measured in terms of the CPI but probably have in the case of certain asset prices/classes (properties/shares). The stronger the market becomes for these classes of assets, the more we need to consider financial strength and safety margins.
Results However, the most important performance measurement for Balder - profit from property management/current earning capacity - is positively impac ted by the low interest rate levels. The main explanatory factor behind the increased earning capacity over time is all our property acquisitions and investments and not least the whole Balder organisation, which manages these investments and the confidence of owners, financiers, suppliers and society in general so well.
2015 We enter 2015 with a strong earning capacity and with better possi bilities as a company than previous years. Despite strong investor interest and competition, I believe that we still have good potential to find business opportunities that offer a reasonably good return in the longer term.
Erik Selin, Chief Executive Officer
Ps. I regularly get asked about the name and the god Balder. Because I have not been industrious enough so far to come up with a description of this, I got help from my considerate father, who has also heard the same question. Continues on the next page.
F-5

Kahneman also explained that listings of companies with "flu
ent" names initially have a better price trend than if the name is complicated. Of course a company can not survive solely based on its name for a longer
period of time.

Balder is almost 10 years old
How was Fastighets AB Balder established? Why Balder and who was he?
Before Balder presented its tenth annual report this year, I, Kjell Selin asked my son Erik, if it would not be nice to include a short account of how the company came about and why it was called Balder. Erik said that several people had requested this and said that I may as well tell the story. So this is the story with con tributions from Erik and his friend Sten R Johansson, well-acquainted with mytho logy about the Aesir gods.
Balder - a name with cognitive fluency Daniel Kahneman, recipient of the Nobel prize for Economics in 2002 and famous for his book "Thinking, fast and slow" (2011) talks a lot in the book about words with cognitive fluency. These words are often well-known and give rise to many associations. Easy to pronounce is an advantage. Upon a google search, Balder gets 2,700,000 hits. Those of us who went to junior secondary school in the 1950s had to study Tegnrs Fritiof's saga, where Balder often appeared. He also featured in Olrog's songs where he sang about rumba in Balder's playpen. There is a Balder street in many towns. The Balder rollercoaster, which goes up and down rapidly like the stock market, is found in Gothenburg. Balder is most definitely a name with a cognitive fluency but Erik probably did not think about this when it was time to choose a name for the company - but perhaps Erik went on "gut feeling" or it was a coincidence - this is often the case with him as we know.
According to Old Norse mythology, Balder was perhaps the leading of the Aesir gods and the name is often interpreted as the brilliant one. Thus it may be appro priate to explain something about him and here is Sten R Johansson's summary:
Why Balder should avoid mistletoe and giant women An Scandinavian mythology, Balder appears asfair, blond and wise, peacemaking and gentle in his speech. He is tormented by unpleasant dreams. After deliberation, his mother Frigga took an oathfrom allforces in the world,from fire and water to iron and stone, snakes and all the animals that they would do no harm to Balder. Secure in this knowledge, the gods amused themselves by shooting at Balder, who was now invulnerable. The trickster god Loki learnedfrom Frigga that she had taken an oathfrom all living things except a small plant, which seemed too small and safe to pose a danger. It was mistletoe. Loki collected a mistletoe branch and made a spear of it.
Odin's son Hodr, who was blind, stood farthest out in the circle of gods around Balder. Loki asked Hodr why he did not also show Balder the same respect as the others and participate in the game. Hodr said that he could not see where Balder stood and that he did not have any weapon. Loki gave Hodr the mistletoe spear and helped him aim. The spear impaled Balder, who fell to the ground and died. A grea-

4 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 F-6

I JU I
ter misfortune had never struck the gods or people. After great sorrow and a lot o f deliberation Odin's son Hermod, Balder's brother, rode Odin's own horse Sleipner down to Hel's kingdom of the dead to try to bring Balder back. Hel retorted that if Balder is as loved as it is said then he will be able to return to the Aesir gods, if everything in the world, living and dead, weepsfor him. The Aesir gods sent messengers all over the world, and everyoneyielded to their request.
When the messengers were on the way home they met a giantess called Tokk, and they also asked her to cry for Balder's return from Hel. She replied:
"Tokk shall weep dry tears over Balder's pyre. The old man's son did me no good in life or in death. Let Hel hold what she has!"
The Aesir gods realised that the giantess was Loki in disguise and his punishment was to be chained to three blocks until the end of the world, with a poisonous ser pent dripping venom over his face. Loki's wife Sigyn stood at his side and held a bowl under the serpent's mouth. Each time she emptied the bowl Loki had such severe convulsions that it caused earthquakes. Hodr was also punished. When the boy Vale, son of Odin and the woman Rind, was one night old, he killed Hodr.
After Ragnarok, when the new earth resurfaces from the sea, Balder and Hodr will return from the kingdom of the dead.
Enlight AB Erik Selin for a number of years had developed Erik Selin Fastigheter AB and thought about listing a company on the stock market. One way was to proceed via an exis ting listed company. Enlight AB was a shell company after having transferred its operations to a subsidiary. After a new issue and general meeting in Enlight, com mercial properties from ES Properties (54 per cent) and Arvid Svensson Invest AB (26 per cent) could be issued in kind in Enlight against receiving newly issued shares in Enlight. The remaining part of the new issue was subscribed for by 14 persons. The market value of the properties issued in kind was approximately SEK 2 billion.
Fastighets AB Balder is revived We stated above that Balder is a name with a good cognitive fluency, which you can scarcely say about Enlight as a name for a property company. There are many rules when a company will be named. First and foremost, the name must not already be taken of course - but in actual fact Balder was. There was already a Fast ighets AB Balder and after a number of changes it had ended up in Erik Paulsson's sphere and it was a shell company. But the two Eriks knew each other and in the end Erik S was allowed to take over the name completely free of charge. This is how it can go when friendship, luck and gut feelings are aligned. A type of fluency even if it is not purely cognitive. According to information from the Swedish Tax Agency, Enlight AB's name was later changed to Fastighets AB Balder on 7 September 2005. Regarding Balder's subsequent development, please refer to Balder's website. At the time of writing - April 2015 - we can state that the market value of Balder's properties has gone from SEK 2 billion to SEK 37 billion.
I wish the company that is about to be 10 years old every success henceforth.
Kjell Selin

Sten R. Johansson -with a lot of Gothenburg humour - issued a war ning to be ca refu l if anyone with the name Tokk seeks a position at Balder.

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 5 F-7

Comments by the
Chairman of the Board
The rapid increase in the country's population underscores the challenge for companies like Balder, together with the relevant municipalities, to accele rate the start of construction of new housing projects.

f f Balder's stable
growth over the years has been possible due to the confidence that the company and its CEO have in the market.

Balder's mission during the first 10 years has been, and still is, to own, develop and manage commercial and residential properties. In recent years, the com pany has broadened its base by investing in a greater number of properties for hotel operations and also by entering markets in our neighbouring Nordic countries. Balder's operations are long-term in nature and our ambition is to grow through acquisitions and to develop ready-for-occupation projects in collaboration with other players. This long-term approach makes it easier to manage periods of uncer tainly involving economic upturns and downturns. The company's stable growth over the years has been possible due to the confidence that the company and its CEO have in the market.
The company shall help to create good living and working environments for our tenants. This involves conducting an ongoing dialogue with tenants in our property management, before development of properties and investments in run-down areas.
Balder has the ambition to have about a fifty-fifty split between commercial pro perties and residential. In recent times, it has become more and more difficult to acquire suitable residential properties at a reasonable price level. Therefore the com pany within the framework of its relatively new project development operations has made an inventory of and identified a large number of building rights, in its existing portfolio, principally for housing construction.
The rapid increase in the country's population underscores the challenge for com panies like Balder, together with the relevant municipalities, to accelerate the start of construction of new housing projects. Housing demand is naturally greatest in growth regions such as Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo and surrounding muni cipalities. To supplement areas with newly constructed housing has major advanta ges, for example infrastructure and services are already in place. It also provides relocation opportunities, without children having to change nursery school and school, elderly people having to leave a habitual area with neighbours they know well and good friends. It is a challenge for Balder to find opportunities, produce plan decisions and build new housing for both younger and older people.
It is an important task that must be handled with a sensible strategy, strong com mitment on the part of the company, close collaboration with the relevant munici palities and competent partners. The company is prepared to take its responsibility to create more residential properties! This all points to continued growth for Balder in the years to come.

Christina Rogestam, Chairman of the Board
6 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 F-8

Multi-year summary

2014

2013

2012

2011

2010

2009

Rental income, SEKm Profit from property management before tax, SEKm Changes in value of properties, SEKm Changes in value of interest rate derivatives, SEKm Net profit for the year, SEKm Carrying amount of properties, SEKm

2,525
1,275 3,050
-624 3,128 37,382

1,884
854 854
433 1,738 27,532

1,701
691 812
-71 1,162 22,278

1,466
516 990
-520 812
17,556

1,333 854

417 315

1,047

4

148 1,338 14,389

-23 248 12,669

2008
633
174 -201
-333 -388 7,086

2007
678
179 642
7 785 6,758

2006
524
160 212
441 6,997

Data per ordinary share Average number ofshares, thousands Net profit for the year, SEK Profit from property management before tax, SEK Outstanding number ofshares, thousands Carrying amount of properties, SEK Shareholders' equity, SEK Net asset value (EPRA NAV), SEK Share price on the closing date, SEK Changes in share price, % Dividend, SEK

161,786 18.10
6.64
162,397 230.19
70.10 86.33 110.25
67 -

159,537 10.11
4.57
159,537 172.58
52.14 60.50 66.00
77 -

159,537 6.69
3.73
159,537 139.64 42.15
50.37 37.30
47 -

158,656 149,487 4.87 8.95

3.00 2.79

159,537 149,487

110.04 96.25

35.57 31.13

41.84 32.89

25.30 29.40

-14 135

-

-

112,902 2.20
2.79
149,487 84.75 22.19 22.16 12.50 79 -

95,910 -4.04
1.81
94,458 75.02 19.63 20.95 7.00 -47 0.17

97,318 8.07
1.84
97,318 69.44 23.49 22.33 13.33
-22 -

94,050 4.69
1.70
97,318 71.90 15.42 13.06 17.00
24 -

Data per preference share Share price at year-end, SEK Total yield, % Dividend, SEK Number registered, thousands

350.00 336.00 303.00 267.00

-

-

-

-

-

10

17

21

11

-

-

-

-

-

20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00

-

-

-

-

-

10,000 10,000 6,000 4,000

-

-

-

-

-

Property related Rental value full-year, SEK/sq.m. Rental income full-year, SEK/sq.m. Economic occupancy rate, % Surplus ratio, % Carrying amount, SEK/sq.m. Number of properties Lettable area, sq.m. thousands

1,325 1,254
95 70 17,172 494 2,177

1,216 1,148
94 68 13,985 498 1,969

1,247 1,166
94 68 14,439 432 1,543

1,163 1,088
94 68 12,467 433 1,408

1,087 1,016
94 66 10,887 432 1,322

1,072 1,002
94 69 10,053 419 1,260

1,298 1,218
94 70 12,805 122 553

1,193 1,107
93 70 12,275 121 551

952 859 90 69 8,854 128 790

Financial Return on equity, % Interest coverage ratio, multiple Equity/assets ratio, % Loan-to-value ratio properties, % Loan-to-value ratio, %

29.7 21.5 17.0 14.3 33.6

9.6 -18.7 41.5 37.5

3.4

2.9

2.4

2.1

2.1

2.1

1.6

1.7

2.0

35.5 37.3 34.8 35.2 30.9 24.1 23.3 30.1 20.6

54.3 57.0 60.4 60.6 64.6 73.3 72.2 74.6 79.5

55.7 55.0 57.8 56.9 63.9 69.0 69.4 69.2 76.4

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 7 F-9

Balder's development

2 0 0 5 -2 0 0 6 -----------
Fastighets AB Balder is formed in 2005 from the listed company Enlight AB. The name Enlight AB is subsequently changed to Fastighets AB Balder. Balder acquires 21 properties during the year.1In 2006, Fastighets AB Balder is listed on the Stock holm Stock Exchange. Balder's organisation is built up in Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo. On 31 December 2006, Balder owns 128 proper ties with a lettable area of 790,000 sq.m. and a carrying amount of SEK 7.0 billion.
2 0 0 7 ---------------------
Balder refines its real estate holdings through the sale of 29 industrial and warehouse properties to Corem Property Group AB, where Balder becomes a major owner and Corem becomes an associated company. Acquisition of properties takes place in Stockholm through the associated companies Tulia AB and Akroterion Fastighets AB.

Value of the properties
SEKm 4 0 ,0 0 0 -------------------------------------------------------
Profit from property management
SEKm 900 600
300 I I I l .

2 0 0 8 --------------------
Balder restructures in the year of the financial cri sis and the company acquires ten properties and divests nine during the year. The associated com panies' profit from property management amounts to SEK 157m (13). The strong improve ment in earnings is because 2008 is the first full financial year for the company's three associated companies at that time.
2 0 0 9 ---------------------
At the end of June, a takeover bid to the sharehol ders of Din Bostad Sverige AB was announced, where they were invited to transfer all shares issued by Din Bostad to Balder in exchange for sha res in Balder. Balder focuses on renewable energy during the year, by investing in six wind turbines.

Net asset value per ordinary share
SEK
Equity/assets ratio
% 4 0 -------------------------------------------------

1) Since the Group started its operations on 1 July 2005, the comparative period for 2005 only covers 6 months.

8 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-10

2 0 1 0 --------------------
During the year, acquisition of 31 properties and divestment of 18 properties takes place. The num ber of shareholders increases by more than 50 per cent during the year and amounts to approxima tely 4,900 at year-end. On 31 December, Balder owns 432 properties with a lettable area of 1,322,000 sq.m. and a carrying amount of SEK 14.4 billion.
2 0 1 1 --------------------
The new class of shares, preference shares is issued. The issue amounts to SEK 1 billion. Balder acquires 25 retail properties from Catena AB which are sold to a newly established associated company with PEAB. During the year, the number of shareholders increases by 67 per cent and amounts to 8,200 at year-end.

Rental income
SEKm
Equity pier ordinary share
SEK

2 0 1 2 ----------------------
During the year, acquisition of 14 properties and divestment of 6 properties takes place. Balder acqui res residential properties in central Copenhagen, including a block of 523 condominiums built in 1995, situated in the Osterbro district, an attractive residential area in central Copenhagen. 75 condomi niums are acquired in Orestad, which were built in 2009. Two million preference shares are issued at a value of SEK 565m.
2 0 1 3 ----------------In November, Balder acquires Bovista Invest AB, a transaction consisting of 4,300 apartments and a total area of 370,000 s.qm. at a value of approxima tely SEK 2 billion. A directed new issue of 3,500,000 preference shares was carried out in connection with the Bovista transaction, which increased sharehol ders' equity by SEK 1,138m. During the fourth quar ter, a turnkey agreement regarding construction of approximately 200 condominiums in Orestad in Copenhagen was signed for a value upon completion of approximately SEK 400m.
2 0 1 4 -----------------
Balder acquires 14 hotel properties during the year. The acquisitions mean that Balder with its 28 hotels and 5,000 hotel rooms in the portfolio is one of Sweden's largest hotel property owners. In 2014, Bal der acquired properties for SEK 7,059m in total. Divestments amounted to SEK 1,114m, generating a profit of SEK 144m. During the year, Balder sells all repurchased shares for SEK 220m (-). The number of shareholders amounts to 16,310.

Stare price per ordinary share
SEK

.

1

.lllll
' V W / / / / / / , !

Loan-to-value ratio
% 80 60 40 20

Lettable area
Sq.m thousands 2,500 ---------------------

F-11

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 9

10 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-12

Business concept, strategy and goals
Business concept
Balder shall, acquire, exploit and manage residential properties and commercial properties located in places that are growing and developing positively, based on local support.

Strategy

Balder creates value for its owners, customers, employees and the community. Balder accomplishes this by:
 meeting and taking care of our customers,  having short decision-making procedures, 톍arefully choosing cost-effective management solutions,  maintaining a high level of activity in property management
and transactions both internally as well as in partnership
Balder creates value by acquiring, exploiting and managing residential properties and commercial properties based on
Overall goals

local support and creates customer value by meeting the needs of different customer groups for premises and housing. The company works actively to acquire properties with deve lopment potential and to generate growth by investing and exploiting as well as streamlining and improving the efficiency of the property management. Balder shall be a long-term owner that bases its operations on stable cash flows and satisfied customers.
The focus is on continuing to be an active participant in the property market, both under own management and in part nership, in locations that are growing and developing positively.

Balder's operations are focused on growth, positive cash flows and increased profit from property management. Bal der shall achieve a position in each region whereby the com pany is a natural partner for potential customers.
Financial goals Balder's goal is to achieve a stable and good return on equity, while the equity/assets ratio over time shall not be less than 35 per cent and the interest coverage ratio shall not be less than 1.5 times.

Operating goals The company establishes quantitative and qualitative opera ting goals based on Balder's strategy, overall goals and finan cial policy. Both short-term and long-term goals are set. The goals relate to financial targets as well as environmental, energy consumption and customer/employee satisfaction goals.
Dividend policy Since Balder will prioritise growth, capital structure and liqui dity during the next few years, the dividend for the ordinary share will be low or may not be declared at all. The dividend for the preference share amounts to SEK 20.00 per year.

F-13

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 11

Current
earning capacity
The earning capacity is based on the real estate portfolio's contracted rental income, estimated property costs during a normal year as well as administrative costs.

Balder presents its current earning capacity on a twelve-month basis in the table below. It is important to note that the current earning capacity should not be placed on a par with a forecast for the coming 12 months. For instance, the earning capacity contains no estimate of rental, vacancy and interest rate deve lopments or changes in exchange rates. Balder's income statement is also impacted by the development in the value of the real estate portfolio as well as future pro perty acquisitions and/or property divestments. Additional items affecting the ope rating result are changes in value of financial investments and derivatives. None of the above has been considered in the current earning capacity. The earning capacity is based on the real estate portfolio's contracted rental income, estimated property costs during a normal year as well as administrative costs.
The costs of the interest-bearing liabilities are based on the group's average inte rest rate level including the effect of interest rate derivatives. The tax is calculated on the basis of a tax rate of 22.0 per cent, which largely consists of deferred tax and therefore does not affect the cash flow.

Current earning capacity on a twelve-month basis
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010

Rental income Property costs Net operating income Management and administrative expenses Profit from property management from associated companies Operating profit Net financial items Profit from property management Tax Profit after tax

2,730 -800 1,930 -165
220 1,985 -585 1,400 -308 1,092

2,260 -735 1,525 -165

1,800 -560 1,240 -120

1,530 -465 1,065 -105

1,405 -430
975 -105

170 1,530 -535
995 -219
776

120 1,240 -495
745 -164
581

90 1,050 -445
605 -159
446

20 890 -440 450 -118 332

Profit after tax attributable to Ordinary shareholders Preference shareholders
Profit from property management according to current earning capacity per ordinary share, SEK

892 576 461 366 332

200 200 120 80

-

7.39 4.99 3.92 3.29 3.01

12 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-14

The share and owners
The profit from property management in the past eight years has increased by 32 per cent on average. During the same period, the net asset value per share increased by 29 per cent on average.

Balder has two different classes of shares quoted on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap segment: an ordinary share as well as a preference share of Class B. The company's overall market capitalisation on 31 December amounted to SEK 21,404m (13,889) and the company had 16,310 shareholders (16,089) at year-end. The principal owner in Fastighets AB Balder is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which owns 38.0 per cent of the capital and 51.3 per cent of the votes. On 31 December, the share capital in Balder amounted to SEK 172,396,852 distributed among 172,396,852 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 1.00, whereof 11,229,432 shares are of Class A, 151,167,420 of Class B and 10,000,000 preference shares.
During the year, Balder sold 2,859,600 repurchased shares, which means that the total number of outstanding ordinary shares amounts to 162,396,852. Each Class A share carries one vote, and each Class B share and preference share carries one tenth of one vote.

Share price development 2006-2014
120

SEK 110.25 on 30 December 2014, which corresponds to a percen tage growth since 1 January 2006 of 697 per cent. This may be com pared to EPRA's Property index for Sweden, which rose by 63 per cent during the same period. (EPRA's Property index for Euro pean companies displayed a negative development during the same period).

0

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

Source: SIX

Fastighets AB Balder
European Public Real Estate Association Sweden Index
Generalindex Stockholmsbrsen

F-15

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 13

THE SHARE AND OWNERS

Development of net asset value (EPRA NAV)
SEK/ordinary share 100 --------------------------------------------------------
Share price/Net asset value
% 200
0
^V V V V 캶 V V V V "

Price development of the ordinary share The price of the ordinary share was SEK 110.25 (66.00) at year-end, corresponding to a rise of 67 per cent during the year. The increase since 1 January 2006 amounts to 697 per cent. This may be compared to EPRA's Property index for Sweden, which rose by 63 per cent during the same period. EPRA's property index for European compa nies displayed a negative development during the same period. At year-end, the number of ordinary shareholders amounted to 8,858 (8,969). During the same period, 62.8 million ordinary shares were traded equivalent to 252,000 shares per trading day or SEK 27.5m (15.0) based on the closing price for the year. The turnover corresponds to an annual turnover rate of 39 per cent (36) and excluding Erik Selin Fastigheter AB's shares, the annual turnover exceeded 60 per cent (60) of the out standing ordinary shares. The proportion of foreign-owned shares decreased by 1.3 per cent during the year and amounted to 16.3 per cent.
Equity growth Equity per ordinary share amounted to SEK 70.10 (52.14) on 31 December correspon ding to an increase of 34 per cent (24) during the year. The net asset value per ordi nary share (EPRA NAV) increased during the same period by 43 per cent (20) to SEK 86.33 (60.50). The difference between shareholders' equity and net asset value is that in the net asset value, derivatives and the net of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets are reversed. The reason for the reversal is that the derivative lia bility is released and gradually reversed to equity during the remaining term. The net of deferred tax is reversed as selling companies is currently exempt from taxation, which means that deferred tax is reversed to equity when a company is sold. In the past eight years, the net asset value grew by an average of 29 per cent per year (27). The market price/net asset value ratio was 128 per cent at year-end.
The profit from property management before tax amounted to SEK 1,275m (854),

Performance of Balder's share
Performance of Balder's share Data per ordinary share Share price at year-end, SEK Market capitalisation, SEKm Profit from property management, SEK Earnings, SEK Shareholders' equity, SEK Net asset value (EPRA NAV), SEK Total yield,% Dividend, SEK Number outstanding, thousands
Data per preference share Share price at year-end, SEK Total yield,% Dividend, SEK Number registered, thousands

2014

2013

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

2006

110.25 21,404
6.64

66.00 13,889
4.57

37.30 7,800
3.73

25.30 5,104 3.00

29.40 1,395 2.79

12.50 1,869
2.79

7.00 13.33 17.00

661 1,298 1,654

1.81

1.84

1.70

18.10 70.10 86.33
67 162,397 162,397

10.11 52.14 60.50
77 162,397 159,537

6.69 42.15 50.37
47 162,397 159,537

4.87 35.57 41.83
-14 -
162,397 159,537

8.95 31.13 32.89
135 -
152,347 149,487

2.20 22.19 22.16
79 152,347 149,487

-4.04 19.63 20.95
-46 0.17 97,318 94,458

8.07 23.49 22.33
-22 -
97,318 97,318

4.69 15.42 13.06
24 97,318 97,318

350.00 336.00 303.00 267.00

-

-

-

-

-

10

17

21

11

-

-

-

-

-

20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00

-

-

-

-

-

10,000 10,000 6,000 4,000

-

-

-

-

-

14 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-16

which corresponds to an increase of 49 per cent compared to the previous year. In the past eight years, the profit from property management increased by an average of 32 per cent per year (24). The profit from property management per ordinary share increased by 45 per cent (23) and in the past eight years has increased by an average of 20 per cent (15).
Preference share dividend The price of the preference share was SEK 350 (336) at year-end, corresponding to a total annual yield, including dividend, of 10.1 per cent. The number of shareholders amounted to 8,379 (8,114) and 3.3 million shares were traded during the year (3.1), equivalent to just over 13,000 shares per trading day (12,200), which corresponds to approximately SEK 4.5 m (4.0), based on the closing price for the year. The annual tur nover in the preference share corresponds to 33 per cent (43) of the total number of preference shares.
The preference share carries preferential right over the ordinary share to an annual dividend of SEK 20 with quarterly dividend of SEK 5. Record days for dividend are 10 January, 10 April, 10 July and 10 October. If dividend on the preference share is not paid in time or for a lower amount, the difference shall be added to amounts unpaid, including interest of 14 per cent.
Dividend policy ordinary shareholders The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend for the ordinary share should be paid for the 2014 financial year. Balder estimates that the best total yield for the ordinary shareholders will be achieved by the dividend remaining low or not declaring a dividend at all in the next few years. Balder will instead continue to grow by investing in new acquisitions and in existing properties and in projects.
Shareholders The principal owner in Fastighets AB Balder is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which owns 38.0 per cent of the capital and 51.3 per cent of the votes. Other large owners are Arvid Svensson Invest AB and Swedbank Robur fonder. At the end of 2014, the total number of shareholders amounted to 16,310 (16,089).

Analysts following Balder
Albin Sandberg, Handelsbanken Erik Granstrm, Carnegie Fredrik Cyon, ABG Sundal Collier Johan Edberg, Pareto Jonas Andersson, Danske Bank Niclas Hglund, Nordea Nicolas McBeath, SEB Jan Ihrfelt, Swedbank Tobias Kaj, Carnegie
Ownership distribution, ordinary shares, %
Board of directors/ Management, 51
Institutions, 27
Foreign, 16
Private, 6

Ownership list as of 31 December 2014
A ordinary

Owners

shares

Erik Selin Fastigheter AB Arvid Svensson Invest AB Swedbank Robur fonder Lnsfrskringar fondfrvaltning AB AMF Frskring och Fonder Handelsbanken Fonder AB CBNY Norges Bank Lannebo fonder SEB Investment Management JPM Chase Rahi, Sharam via company Other Total

8,301,930 2,915,892
11,610 11,229,432

B ordinary shares
57,218,298 13,542,540 10,981,146
8,389,417 7,323,385 4,881,493 3,708,398 2,600,000 2,572,767 2,420,094 1,516,300 36,013,582 151,167,420

Preference shares

Total number Capital, Votes,

of shares

%

%

500 -
149,938 20,000 9,829,562 10,000,000

65,520,728 16,458,432 10,981,146
8,389,417 7,323,385 4,881,493 3,708,398 2,600,000 2,572,767 2,570,032 1,536,300 45,854,754 172,396,852

38.0 51.3 9.5 15.6 6.4 4.0 4.9 3.1 4.3 2.7 2.8 1.8 2.1 1.4 1.5 1.0 1.4 0.9 1.4 0.9 0.9 0.6
26.8 16.7 100 100

F-17

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 15

Our customers
Customer service, letting, maintenance and energy are examples of prioritised areas in Balder's property management.

Balder's ambition is to satisfy customer needs through good accessibility and high professionalism. The company mainly has its own employees who per form the work in and around the properties.
Property Management Today Balder has 22 offices around Sweden, divided into five regions. In each region, property management is handled by the company's own personnel, who are respon sible for letting, operations as well as the environment and maintenance.
Balder has its own management organisation, which enables fast decision making procedures, proximity to the customer, good local knowledge and the possi bility of working on a long-term basis with property management. The company offers a large choice of premises and housing in different locations at various rental levels. The development of the properties takes place in consultation with custo mers, based on their needs and wishes. Balder's personnel regularly meet tenants in order to obtain a good view of the actual situation out in the properties.
Satisfied customers Our customers are always at the centre of our property management. Through conti nual work including measuring the Satisfied-Customer-Index, we can work methodi cally on improving and developing our service and our contact with customers. Our latest measurement showed that 89 per cent of customers were very happy in their apartment. Customer service, letting, maintenance and energy are examples of priori tised areas in Balder's property management where we added more central functions during the year and increased our resources. This guarantees a further improvement in our future earnings, both financially and in order to increase customer satisfaction. Our next measurement will occur during spring 2015.
Customer service Customer service is an extremely important function at Balder. Here we take care of the contact with customers so that possible defects and deficiencies can be discove red at an early stage. In order to improve the communication between Balder as a landlord and our customers, the company's customer service and error reporting system have been expanded with employees who have more knowledge of langua ges, such as Arabic and Somali.

16 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-18

During 2014, an attractive residential area has been developed in Nynshamn. Close to nature, sea-bathing and just a stone's throw from the commuter train station, Fastighets AB Balder, together with K-fastigheter is buil ding tenancy rights. The standard of the apart ments is high and the buildings are designed by the architect Mats Moln, known for his style of architecture in Vstra Hamnen in Malm. The construction is taking place in three phases and each phase contains about 30 apartments. Initial occupation occurred on 1 January 2015. Here you live close to a nursery school, school, food store and to Nickstabadet and Nynshamns centrum. There is great variety in the business community in Nyns hamn and there are more than 2,000 compa nies in the municipality, ranging from large companies to sole proprietorships.

Lease structure Balder considers that the risk of a sudden deterioration in rental income is low. This is due to the lease structure with a good division between commercial properties and residential properties as well as the geographical spread. In order to offset reduced rental income and a weaker occupancy rate, the company strives for long term relationships with its existing customers.
Balder's ten largest leases represent 9.4 per cent (9.1) of total rental income and the average lease term amounts to 11.1 years (9.9). No individual lease accounts for more than 1.5 per cent (1.7) of Balder's total rental income and no individual custo mer accounts for more than 4.8 per cent (1.7) of total rental income. The average lease term for the entire commercial portfolio amounted to 5.9 years (4.9). The lease structure on 31 December 2014 is shown in the table, in which leases ter minated on this date, where removal will or is expected to take place, are recogni sed as leases maturing within one year.

Lease structure 31 December 2014

Maturity date

Number of leases

Share, %

2015 2016 2017 2018 2019Total Residential 11 Carpark 11 Garage 11
Total

944

34

667

24

541

20

347

13

250

9

2,750

100

14,380

5,248

4,877

27,255

1) Lease runs subject to a commitment period of 3 months.

Contracted rent, SEKm
194 246 245 209 742 1,636 1,032
17 45 2,730

Share, %
7 9 9 8 27 60 38 1 2 100

Balder's ten largest customers
On 2014-12-31
ICA Sverige AB Kopparbergs Bryggerier Lnsstyrelsen i Stockholms ln ProfilEvents AB Rezidor Hotel Group Scandic Hotels AB Sirius International Frskring AB Stockholms Kommun Stureplansgruppen Winn Hotel Group

F-19

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 1

Organisation and employees
Balder's continued success is dependent on committed employees who share the company's value.
Balder recruited more than 20 new employees during 2014 and together with other dedicated employees in the Group, Balder had 313 employees (290) in total as of 31 December 2014.
Balder has a flat organisation with short decision-making procedures, enabling swift action, regardless of whether it relates to property transactions or solving problems for a customer. In order to support property management, group-wide resources/functions are located in Malmo as well as at the head office in Gothen burg. At year-end, 35 people (31) worked within these support functions. Property management organisation The property management organisation is divided geographically into the regions Stockholm, Gothenburg/West, Oresund, East and North. Each regional organisation follows the same basic principles but differs depending on the size and property holdings of each region. Each region has a number of local offices which are respon sible for letting, operations as well as the environment and property management.
Organisation

18 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-20

As a communicator in Bergsjn, I act as a link between the residents in Berg sjn and Balder. I see my role as a spider in the web when it comes to the social and soft values. Some of my duties include star ting cooperation and projects between relevant players and the residents, arrang ing events and acting as a spokesperson for the tenants. As someone who grew up in Bergsjn, I have always been passionate about the district and it is fantastic through all the support I get from Balder and the team in Bergsjn to be able to contribute to changes in the area. We are all working in the same direction and this is always the way to make changes for the better."
Amanj Aziz, Communicator

Employees At Balder, skills and personal qualities, balanced gender distribution and diversity are important selection criteria during recruitment. These factors have contributed to the company's positive development. All new employees are offered an introduction to the company at the head office where they get to meet colleagues and receive information about the company's history, values and routines. '
Balder encourages career development opportunities within the company. Balder strives to be a good and attractive employer where the well-being and health of employees are key elements. An allowance for keep-fit activities provides employees with better opportunities to meet the demands imposed by working life. The com pany encourages greater health awareness among employees in order to create a pleasant workplace with good social interaction and low absence due to illness.
Corporate culture Balder's corporate culture is characterised by an entrepreneurial spirit in everything that is done, from the day-to-day work to change- and development decisions. Our ambition is to find effective solutions in the best way for our customers and within the organisation.
Balder's social engagement in the suburbs For some time, Balder has been involved in improving residential environments in suburban parts of Stockholm and now also in Gothenburg. Among other things, the company has employed project managers to work together with residents in order to make the areas comfortable and safe. During 2014, Balder had 30 young people from the area employed in this project. This work will continue during 2015.

Personal
Number of employees
- of whom, women

2014 2013
313 290 110 102

Gender distribution per age group
Number

year year

year year-

| Women | Men

Balder's employees per working area, %
Property caretaking, 50
Economy/ ------- Administration/
Finance, 11 ----------------- Property
management, 39

F-21

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 19

Corporate social responsibility
By imposing demands in relation to energy efficient material and chemical content, the negative impact on the environment is reduced while we promote increased demand for more environmentally friendly products.

During the year, Balder has taken important steps to further strengthen the environmental work in the operations and laid the foundations for good envi ronmental monitoring. Establishment of an environmental management sys tem according to the environmental certification ISO 14 001 has commenced and key environmental aspects have been identified. This has resulted in the adoption of a new environmental policy, which clearly highlights prioritised environmental aspects; energy, material, transport and waste. The intention is for the environmental policy to be present in all of Balder's activities and we are also striving to motivate our custo mers, suppliers and partners to achieve better environmental performance. By impo sing demands in relation to energy efficient material and chemical content, the nega tive impact on the environment is reduced while we promote increased demand for more environmentally friendly products. We also want our customers to be given opp ortunities for environmentally friendly transport alternatives to and from our proper ties, for example through protected cycle parks and proximity to public transport. Furthermore, the refuse stations in the properties should be designed to encourage better sorting of household waste.
Energy usage Energy is the most highly prioritised environmental aspect in the operations and Bal der has strengthened the organisation by recruiting an energy manager. During the year, Balder established a new and modern energy monitoring system. The system provides a good basis for identifying irregularities in energy consumption at an early stage and for analysing the reasons for them. This creates good potential to save unnecessary expenditure and reduce environmental impacts. Based on the monito ring system, we can also prioritise and analyse properties with high energy consump tion. Depending on the property's energy profile, we can decide on what measures are the most cost effective in the longer term. In connection with the establishment of the new energy monitoring system, all property managers and operations techni cians have participated in energy training as regards how the system can help to monitor and analyse energy consumption. In addition, Balder makes efforts to choose sustainable energy sources. Through its wind turbines, Balder produced 20.5 GWh of renewable energy during 2014, which corresponds to the heating of about 850 normal houses.
Balder takes social responsibility Social engagement is a natural part of Balder's work and a way to help promote sus-

20 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-22

Din Bostad in Trans has initiated unique coo peration with Trans Football Association. A model has been developed through the coope ration in which the company has the opportu nity to sponsor unaccompanied refugee child ren with clothes, equipment, trips to tournaments - something that they hope more companies in Trans can contribute to. One of these is Mohsen Jafari who is 17. He was born and grew up in Afghanistan. After ten years' in Iran, he came to Sweden 2.5 years ago. Today he is staying in the Svalan asylum accom modation in Trans for unaccompanied refugee children. Mohsen is a student at Holaved upper secondary school's community programme. For Mohsen, training and making many new friends are the nicest things.

tainable social development. Balder engages in these issues both locally and regio nally and strives to ensure that people feel comfortable in and around their housing environments. In order to succeed, great commitment is required among the employees but we also have to collaborate with other players. At Balder, we believe that diversity creates economic and social growth in society and thus we regard it as very important to work to create socially diverse housing projects.
Balder in Bergsjn In late 2013, Balder acquired the property company Bovista AB, which among other things, owns about 811 apartments at Bergsjn in Gothenburg, a residential area where maintenance was severely neglected for two decades. In April 2014, Balder arranged a meeting involving politicians, representatives from the police and tenants' association - in other words people or organisations with an influence over the future of East Gothenburg. The aim of the meeting was to present some of the plans that Balder has for our property holdings in Bergsjn, so that development of the area shall proceed in agreement with the municipality.
Balder's investment in Bergsjn during the year means that the company has taken a comprehensive approach and has been engaged on many different levels. Besides arranging various activities, Balder has been addressing social challenges, such as low election turnout, criminality and unemployment. Balder has started a youth pool and employed young people in the area, and established a joint action group with schools, social services and the police and also employed summer wor kers between the ages of 14 and 18. We have also renovated a premises that will function as a meeting place and a motivation centre for tenants in Bergsjn; we started a safety patrol together with parents, renovated the district's recreation centre Bergsjgrden, started activities with the compulsory school and supported local associations.
A second chance Balder collaborates with organisations that work actively with integration and treat ment programmes directed towards children and young adults. A home of their own and guidance from people with extensive experience of integration and treatment work improves the chances of a better future. Examples of organisations that Balder collaborates with include Rebo, Steget Vidare, UngBo and Mitt Liv.

F-23

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 21

A PROPERTY'S HISTORY
Antikhallarna
A property to admire

In 1802, t h e pro perties w ere a ffe c te d by a major fire. At th e time, this area was called Kvarteret Kommerserdet and there were 20 property owners in th e district. After th e fire in 1802 only nine property owners remained. The remaining property owners were the wealthiest, with the financial means to construct new buildings. The year after th e fire, th e town's leader to ok th e decision to prohibit all w o o d e n hous e c on  struction within the Moats.
From dirty to communications canal
The West Harbour canal also ran within Kvarteret Kommerserdet. The w ater in th e canal extended to th e river but was not sufficient to be used by residents to wash, bath, th row rubbish and offal in and to

drink from. The canal w as called t h e "dirty canal" in popular parlance as it smelled bad. Several dredging attem pts were made w ithout a good result and in 1905 th e canal w as filled in. A tr a m service w as t h e n de ve  loped and new tram lines were laid down over the former harbour canal. The new tram lines improved accessibility to the Harbour's streets.
Home for the city's banks
During the first half of the 19th century, the property was owned by a number of owners that ranged from banks over the property and conducted operations in the building for over 90 years.

Antikhallama take shape
The appearance of Kvarteret Kommerser d et changed radically in th e early 19th cen tury but it was not until the end of the 19th century th at th e property began to take its current shape. In 1882, Skandinaviska Kre ditaktiebolaget acquired the property and in th e sam e year th e work began on buil ding t h e p ro pe rt y w e n o w call "Antikhal larna". The p rope rt y w as designed by th e brothers Axel Kumlien a nd Hjalmar Kumlien who were the most successful archi tects of th e era in th e country. The brothers had studied in Chalmers' arts school and w ere back in Sweden after further studies at technical building schools in Germany. For several decades, th e broth ers set th e

22 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-24

f t We are glad to have acquired such a fine property.
Erik Selin, ceo

tone for the general look of Gothenburg and w ere t h e m o s t retained arch itects in th e city. The combination of Axel's te chni cal knowledge and Hjalmar's flair for design and appearance made them unique in their era.
Extension
The p roperty lacked room for a vault so in 1895 a building was constructed with a tiled frontage on th e neighbouring site. This p art of th e property faces tow ard s Drottninggatan. The foundations of the p rope rt y w ere reinforced in 1986 a nd in 2012 a renovation and conversion of the property was carried out. That, among

other things, means that Antikhallarna gai ned its own new entrance on the corner of Hamngatan/Drottninggatan.
Modern antique building
The activities conducted in the Antikhallarna premises over the years have not had much impact on th e property. This means th a t the mixed historical styles remain in the buil ding and make it interesting from a cultural history perspective. Balder is proud to own Antikhallarna, which is one o f t h e fe w pro perties that has retained the building cha racter of the old harbour streets. Antikhal larna began its activities in the building on 1 April 1975. On 22 May 2014, Fastighets AB Balder acquired this distinguished property.

Source: Antikhallarna - Bankpalats i centrala Gteborg, w w w .an tikh a lla rn a .se /a n tikvite te r/h isto ria _4 .h tm l

Property data
Address Vstra Hamngatan 6, Gothenburg
Name of property Inom Vallgraven 16:21
Start of construction, present form 1882
Architects Axel Kumlien and Hjalmar Kumlien
Developer Skandinaviska Kreditaktiebolaget

F-25

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 23

The property market
Real estate will continue to attract capital during 2015, both through indirect investments in the stock market and direct investments in properties.
Despite the downturn in the global economy and the fact that the underlying drivers for property yields are developing weakly, the performance of the Swedish property market has been very strong. An attractive gap between interest rates and property yields has meant that a lot of capital has been moving towards investments in property with an imbalance between supply and demand as well as falling yield requirements as a result. The appetite for risk is increasing in the hunt for returns and we see a broad-based demand in the Swedish property market. A record-high transaction volume, increased risk taking and falling yield require ments for properties are all indicators that there is a boom in the property market. Meanwhile, the underlying demand in the rental market is dependent on the econo mic recovery gaining momentum.
The Swedish economy is relatively strong and market conditions are continuing to improve. The slow global recovery and a relatively weak economic trend in some of Sweden's most important export markets, however, has been reflected for some time by weak Swedish exports, which means that Swedish growth is being largely driven by domestic demand and private consumption. However, the fall in the oil price during the autumn and a weaker Swedish krona have boosted Swedish exports. In line with improving external market conditions, GDP growth is predicted to increasingly shift to export-led growth.
Large-scale monetary stimulus programmes have been initiated, and are continu ing to be launched, by the largest Western economies. Despite a relatively strong Swedish economy and a positive growth outlook, the external situation and infla tion have prompted the Riksbank to introduce further monetary stimulus measures. One of the world's most stimulatory monetary policies in now being pursued in Sweden with negative key interest rates and support purchases of government bonds.
The property market Despite the economic situation, the development in the Swedish property market is strong and transaction volume is back at the levels last seen during the record years

24 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-26

Large photo: Interior Sprvagnen 4, Stockholm Left and thumbnail photos: Norr:27:2, Gvle

F-27

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 25

PROPERTY MARKET

Bo 93:2, Gothenburg In 1911, work began on building the Kanold brothers' chocolate factory. For 70 years, toffee flowed inside these building walls. In the late 1980s, the property was converted and today consists of modern office premises.

26 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-28

2006- 2008. With a strong flow of capital to the property sector and an imbalance between supply and demand in the large submarkets, yields have been forced downwards. In line with falling yields in the segments that have dominated buyin interest in recent years, we have seen risk-taking increase during 2014. In the hunt for returns, capital is moving towards secondary submarkets and secondary objects.
The residential share of the total transaction market has decreased while an increasing sales volume is being noted for community properties, hotel properties and retail properties.
Another category of properties that have become attractive investment objects in recent years is "million programme" properties in growth regions. The strategy is that necessary renovations are performed when an apartment become vacant and the apartment subsequently gains a higher utility value. Unlike renovations where buildings are more or less emptied of tenants, cash flow can thus be maintained during the renovation period.
NAI Svefa's estimate is that real estate will continue to attract capital during 2015, both through indirect investments in the stock market and direct investments in properties.
Alternative returns in the financial markets mean that real estate is still conside red to offer a relatively good return in relation to the risk.
Together with the global supply of capital in the financial markets, this is creating the basis for continued falling yield requirements in the immediate future. The opp ortunities for property companies to attract capital via stock market listings, new issues, preference share issues, bonds or traditional borrowing are still considered to be good in the current stock market climate. The high transaction volume during 2014 is thus considered to have good potential to be maintained during 2015.
A strong 2014 in terms of property transactions In terms of overall transaction volume, 2014 was a record year - SEK 157 billion in total when the magazine Fastighetsvarlden took the average figure from six diffe rent companies included.
Swedish players have dominated the market. Only 17 per cent of buyers and 28 per cent of the sellers were foreign players according to statistics from the advisory company Pangea.

Rental levels (highest rent), office, CBD
Vacancy rate, office, CBD
%
CBD = Central Business District Source: Fastighetsvarlden

Source The property market: Nai Svefa

F-29

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 27

Balder's real estate portfolio

Stockholm Region
Number of employees: 59

0 Residential properties 0 Commercial properties

Residential properties

Commercial properties

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

14 137,338
2,316
99

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

48 365,489
10,232
92

Gothenburg/West Region
Number of employees: 115

Residential properties

Commercial properties

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

130 414,916
3,778
97

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

85 390,953
8,402
95

resund Region

Number of employees: 36

Residential properties

Commercial properties

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

33 145,143
3,419
99

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

18 153,012
3,241
92

28 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-30

East Region North Region Total Balder

Number of employees: 41

Residential properties

Commercial properties 1

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

67 302,007
2,914
96

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

17 101,003
1,096
92

1) Finland is included.

Number of employees: 27

Residential properties

Commercial properties

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

75 148,916
1,687
98

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

7 18,110
299
93

Number of employees: 313 1

Residential properties

Commercial properties

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

319 1,148,320
14,113
98

Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m.
Carrying amount of properties, SEKm
Economic occupancy rate, %

175 1,028,567
23,269
93

1) Including group-w ide functions.

F-31

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 29

Balder's residential properties

Number of properties Lettable area, sq.m. thousands Number of apartments Rental value, SEKm Economic occupancy rate, % Carrying amount, SEKm

319 1,148 14,457 1,141
98 14,113

Residential properties
Today Balder is a major player in the Swedish housing market with approximately 15,000 apartments. Balder's goal is grow its residential portfolio. This will occur through acquisitions in growth locations, but also through production of new hou sing and increasing development density in existing properties.
Investments in residential properties are still a very attractive low-risk invest ment. Rental levels are stable and demand is very high.
In several locations, the public housing sector has sold parts of its holdings, in order to finance new housing production and renovations of the existing portfolio, among other reasons. This has created large fluctuations in the housing market and a number of new players have emerged.
There is currently a housing shortage in many Swedish municipalities and together with the low rate of building production this means that the supply shor tage will continue for a long time in many places. This points towards continued sta ble rental income, low risk and strong demand.
In late 2013, Balder increased its residential portfolio through the acquisition of Bovista, with about 4,300 apartments and total area of 320,000 sq.m. This portfolio was refined during the year through sale of the properties in Finspng, Hjo, 흓vida berg and Landskrona. The remaining locations have been integrated into Balder's property management operations and will be marketed under the Balder and Din Bostad brands.
Balder's residential properties are found in municipalities with strong demand and where vacancies are very low. In several of our existing residential areas plan-

3 0 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-32

Residential properties, Geographical distribution

Area

sq.m. thousands

%

The Gothenburg area Mlardalen Skaraborg The resund area The Stockholm area Jnkping, Trans Sundsvall Gvle Karlstad
Total

248 22

188 16

172 15 145 13

137 12

110

9

82

7

33

3

33

3

1,148 100

ning and design work is under way to increase development density and new hou sing production, in and adjacent to existing properties. Read more about our pro ject development on pages 38-39.
According to the IPD Swedish Property Index, investments in residential proper ties have displayed an annual, average total yield of approximately 8 per cent during the past five-year period. The total yield includes increases in value together with the annual yield.
According to DTZ, residential property turnover amounted to about SEK 42 billion during 2014. The ten largest transactions accounted for approximately SEK 19 bil lion, in other words about 46 per cent. Residential property transactions show a greater geographical spread than commercial properties. The reasons are that the supply of residential properties is low in metropolitan areas and that the properties that are sold are often converted to tenant-owner's rights.
In 2014, 29 residential properties were divested to a value of SEK 550m. A more detailed description of the transactions is available on pages 36-37. Apart from acquiring residential properties in growth localities, Balder's goal looking ahead, is to build a large number of apartments each year under the company's own mana gement. This should occur through production of new housing on new land allot ments as well as through increasing the development density in the existing resi dential portfolio. On page 39, some ongoing and planned residential projects are presented.
Estimated and recorded yield values and price levels for residential properties in A locations were as follows;

Place
Stockholm Gothenburg Malm
Source: Fastighetsvrlden

Yield, %
1.5-1.75 2.5-2.75 3.25-3.75

Price per sq.m.
37,000-44,000 21,000-25,000 19,000-22,000

F-33

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 31

Balder's commercial properties

Commercial properties
There continues to be strong demand for commercial properties in Sweden and the metropolitan regions account for the lowest yield requirements. The low level of interest rates combined with lower vacancies is helping to keep the price level stable.
The Riksbank estimates that the repo rate needs to remain at an historically low level until inflation starts to clearly gain momentum. We currently have a negative repo rate, which has never happened previously. Interest rates are expected to be raised slowly starting in the second half of 2016 and then reach 1.4 per cent in early 2018. It is very unusual to have a negative repo rate during a period when market conditions are good, when use of resources is close to normal levels and CPI infla tion is in line with the inflation target. Supply of capital, both via traditional bank financing and through new issues and bonds, is still favourable.
In the commercial portfolio, certain structural divestments were made in less central locations during the year. These included the sale of a number of properties in Stockholm to local property companies and Balder's entire portfolio in Halmstad.
Several acquisitions were made that complement Balder's holdings in Stockholm and Gothenburg. Through the acquisitions of Gta Ark and 흏sta 훞g, Balder became the exclusive owner of three site leasehold rights with good locations in Stockholm. In Gothenburg, a number of central acquisitions were carried out.
During the year, we have continued to develop our letting organisation, which has delivered good results. Several major lettings were made and Balder's economic occupancy rate was 93 per cent (92) at year-end.
After acquisition of 14 hotel properties during the year, Balder is today one of Sweden's largest owners of hotel properties with 28 hotels and approximately 5,000 hotel rooms in its portfolio. Long leases with stable tenants are also genera ting interesting business opportunities going forward.

32 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-34

Commercial properties, geographical distribution

Area

sq.m. thousands

%

The Stockholm area The Gteborg area The resund area Finland Skaraborg Mlardalen Jnkping, Trans Gvle Karlstad Sundsvall
Total

366 36

359 35

142 14

66

6

34

3

31

3

13

2

7

1

6--

5--

1,029 100

According to the IPD Swedish Property Index, investments in commercial proper ties have displayed an annual, average total yield of approximately 7.9 per cent during the past five years. The total yield includes increases in value together with the annual yield.
According to DTZ, commercial property turnover amounted to about SEK 14 bil lion during 2014. The ten largest transactions accounted for approximately SEK 34 billion, in other words almost 30 per cent.
The value of Balder's properties in Stockholm's inner city amounted to about SEK 6.3 billion, which corresponds to 61 per cent of the total value of our commercial properties in the region. The average value per sq.m. for office properties with A locations in Stockholm amounts to approximately SEK 49,000.
The equivalent figures in Gothenburg are SEK 5.5 billion and 65 per cent, and SEK 2.0 billion and 66 per cent in Malmo. The average value per sq.m. for office proper ties with A locations in Gothenburg amounts to SEK 36,000 and in Malmo to approx imately SEK 29,000.
Balder's acquisition strategy in respect of commercial properties is focused on Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo. We will continue the work on refining our port folio and we will divest individual properties outside metropolitan areas where Bal der does not have any property management offices.
During 2014, 42 properties were acquired at an underlying property value of SEK 7,059m, where the three largest acquisitions related to hotel properties.
In 2014, 16 properties were divested to a value of SEK 567m. This included divest ment of properties in Lund and Halmstad. A more detailed description of the trans actions is available on pages 36-37. Estimated and recorded yield values and price levels for office properties in A locations were as follows;

Place

Yield, %

Price per sq.m.

Stockholm Gothenburg Malm

4.25

70,000-90,000

4.50

36,000-46,000

5.25

25,000-35,000

Source: JLL

F-35

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 33

 ' **> ' ' tevfityt/tw .&&*J>

<m m

`iiiPizf,

wm m m w
k w ^   iiSm l Y & .rr

W W ^M w  ^Sm m m    fc p
V

 i W iiQ afdm
k* ' ; ? . * . * --.팘- - y 7 1
:;mr- m
W*'ti i \Jt'톐,J4f*f i*M:'JlA i . m m m

Rosen 9, Malm

34 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-36

Transactions
In 2014, the year was largely dominated by sales of commercial properties in suburban areas and acquisition of centrally-located properties and hotels. The single largest transaction was the purchase of a hotel portfolio consisting of 14 hotels for about SEK 2,200m.

In 2014, Balder acquired properties for SEK 7,100m in total and sold properties for about SEK 1,100 m This means that we made a net investment of about SEK 6,088 m equivalent to about 16 per cent of the real estate value at year-end.
Acquisitions The largest transaction during 2014 was the acquisition of 14 hotel properties for a purchase price of SEK 2.2 billion. Of the overall value of the hotel portfolio, about 40 per cent is located in the Stockholm region. The largest tenant is Scandic, which accounts for 65 per cent of the rental value and the other tenants include Nordic Choice and Winn Hotel Group. During the year, we also acquired the hotels Scandic Opalen, Grand Hotel Opera and Radisson Blu Scandinavia, which are all located in central Gothenburg. In Gothenburg, apart from the hotel properties, Balder also acquired a number of additional centrally-located retail and office properties such as Antikhallarna and Dahlgrenska huset, among other properties. In Stockholm, we acquired the remaining 50 per cent of Akroterion Fastighets AB where we previously owned a property with GE Real Estate at Medborgarplatsen and two site leasehold rights in 흏stang. In stermalm in Stockholm, we acquired the office property Havsfrun.
During the year, we carried out our first acquisition in Finland consisting of a pro perty portfolio with a total area of about 65,000 sq.m. distributed in four locations. The properties in Finland contain grocery trading and builder suppliers and the lar gest tenants are Kesko and S-Group. In the Danish property market, Balder has entered into an agreement with Skanska regarding new construction of about 200 apartments and the company now has approximately 400 apartments under pro duction in Denmark.
Divestments Balder's strategy is to divest properties held in places where the company cannot sustain a sufficiently large management unit. During the year, all properties in Hjo, 흓vidaberg, Landskrona, Halmstad, Falkenberg and Finspng were divested. Balder has sold properties for about SEK 1,100m. The divestments carried out generated a profit of SEK 144m, equivalent to 15 per cent over the carrying amount.

Acquisitions per property category, %
Hotel, 56 Office, 25 Retail, 14 New construction, 4 Other, 1
Divestments per property category, %
------ Residential, 48 Office, 34 ------Other, 16 ------Retail, 1

F-37

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 35

T R A N S A C T IO N S

Property transactions 2014

Quarter

Number Name of property

Acquisitions

One

i

One

i

One

i

One

i

One

i

One

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Two

i

Three

i

Three

i

Three

i

Three

i

Three

i

Four

i

Four

i

Four

i

Four

i

Nordstaden 10:15 Backa 170:1 Tingstadsvassen 3:7 Backa 169:3 Jns Petter Borg 14 Heden 24:11 Porfyren 2 Banken 14 Hovrtten 41 Kocken 3 Elden Sdra 17 Dragarbrunn 16:4 Vilunda 6:48 Sicklan 363:2 Yxan 8 Hken 1 Svan 7 Kvarngrdet 3:2 Sgen 1 Valbo-backa 6:12 Inom Vallgraven 16:21 Gta Ark 18 흏stang 4 & 6 Vestervold Kvarter Levsentie 2B Ouluntaival 1 Loumantie 1-3 Joulantie 1-3 Isoseppla 14 Mntslntie 1 Kauppakaju 2 Kauppakatu 4 Nordstan 10:16 -17 Havsfrun 26 Kalkstenen 1 Lavetten 41 Spnnbucklan 12 and 13 Inom Vallgraven 22:6 Inom Vallgraven 2:2 Inom Vallgraven 8:19 Inom Vallgraven 1:13

Four

0

Udenbys Vester Kvarter

Total

41

Municipality
Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Lund Gothenburg Lund Solna Kristianstad Vxj Vxj Uppsala Upplands Vsby Nacka Sdertlje Karlstad Trollhttan Uppsala Vsters Gvle Gothenburg Stockholm Stockholm Copenhagen Koupio Kuusamo Kuusamo Keminmaa Klaukkala Mntsl Raisio Seinjoki Gothenburg Stockholm Lund Trelleborg Malm Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg
Copenhagen

Property category
Office Other Retail Retail Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Retail Office Office Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail Hotel Office Retail Retail Retail Office Office Office Hotel Ground for residen tial development

Lettable area, sq.m.
2,529 3,500 5,243 i,975 8,462 i7,875 i5 ,7 ii ii,537 7,524 3,982 7,ii2 5,402 6,955 i0,840 i4 ,ii5 5,890 ii,632 7,5i8 8,3i7 7,382 2,972 i8,775 24,588 5,300 i9,473 3,7i8 i2,623 i2,337 2,742 3,573 5,856 4,59i 7,866 3,506 2,i80
990 5,320 i,ii0 i,292 i,365 26,656
0 330,334

36 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-38

Property transactions 2014 (continued)

Quarter

Number Name of property

Municipality

Divestments

One

1

One

1

One

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

2

Two

1

Two

1

Two

2

Two

2

Two

1

Two

2

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

-

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Three

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Total

45

Rivan 4 Edberga 1 Norr 5:8 Banr13 Berzelius 12 Delfinen 25 Erik Dahlberg 3 Juno 3 Juno 37 Lyckan 1 Sankt Gran 12 Vildanden 6 Klubben 5 & Generatorn 2 Kjusorna 12 Klubben 6 Kuggvxeln 7 & 8 Ringugnen 1 & Lervagnen 1 Lodet 1 Manan 1 & 2 Manteln 9 Murklan 1 Soldaten 10 Luntan 1 Trasten 7 Kalkugnen 3 Kpmannen 3 Kpmannen 6 Vinkelhaken 4 Hrstorp 4:7 Kullerstads- 휻y 3:7 Kullerstads- 휻y 2:48 Magneten 19 Eketnga 24:45 Eketnga 24:72 Magneten 25 Motstndet 7 & 9 Sparrisen 2 Faktorn 6 Bonden 5 Flygaren 17 Hjrtat 4 Makrillen 8

Lund 흓vidaberg Hjo Landskrona Landskrona Landskrona Landskrona Landskrona Landskrona Landskrona Landskrona Landskrona Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Finspng Norrkping Norrkping Stockholm Halmstad Halmstad Stockholm Stockholm Solna Falkenberg Halmstad Halmstad Halmstad Halmstad

Property category
Retail Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Residentia Retail Retail Office Retail Office Residentia Residentia Office Office Other Office Office Office Office Other Other Retail Hotel

Lettable area, sq.m.
1,231 5,572 3,270 1,615
840 868 775 1,302 2,214 866 1,145 446 4,723 3,689 3,448 11,114 9,027 1,728 3,152 1,719 3,720 3,108 1,378 3,880 3,359 1,291 4,821 3,857 1,962 662 1,406 9,325 3,522
4,782 4,253 12,322 4,395 7,617
600 2,313 2,145 139,462

F-39

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 37

Property and project development
Balder considers that it is important to be able to control the entire value chain, from acquisition of land to completion of the project.
During the year, Balder has continued the work on building up a property development organisation. A large number of building rights have been identified in the existing portfolio and at the same time external acqui sitions of project real estate have been completed. The ambition over time is to create an extensive portfolio of building rights in terms of development proper ties and real estate projects, with the goal of producing a large number of new apartments annually - both rights of tenancy and tenant-owner's rights. During 2014, detailed development plan work commenced in a number of projects in Stockholm, Gothenburg and in the resund region.
Property development will mainly concentrate on residential projects. Commer cial property development will concentrate on supporting housing projects and will be a part of the requirements for new detailed development plans. Through active property development, the ambition is to participate in changing city districts, as well as individual property's conditions or use and thereby create value. By impro ving the existing property portfolio, land allotments and acquisitions, Balder wants to be a long-term player in property and urban development. Where Balder is already a property owner, the company will focus on creating new building rights on existing land. Where there are opportunities for conversions to tenant-owners' associations, they will be evaluated. Our ambition is to invest in areas where we already operate, with a main emphasis on Stockholm, Gothenburg and the resund region, including Copenhagen.
Balder considers that it is important to be able to control the entire value chain, from acquisition of land to completion of projects. The development process occurs in different phases and can take several years, and therefore it is important that it proceeds in close cooperation with municipalities and other stakeholders.

38 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-40

Ongoing and planned projects
Stockholm
In Stadshagen on Kungsholmen, Balder is planning to construct 100 smart well-designed apartments. The buil dings will have a modern layout in brick with balconies and patios. In the imme diate surroundings, there is the metro, parks, water areas and restaurants. The work on the detailed development plan is expected to be finished in 2016.
Gothenburg
Together with the City of Gothenburg and other property owners in Backaplan, a new city district is planned of approximately 5,000 apartments and approximately 60,000 sq.m. of retail and premises, with Balder and Coop as the dominating property owners.
Backaplan's central location with good infrastructure means that the area has good potential to meet the city's need for centrally-located housing, retail and offices. The area today is very lightly developed and great opportu nities exist to build a more robust and dense city district, with a large resi dential component. Work on the detailed development plan will commence during 2015.
Backaplan, Gothenburg

Kopenhagen
At Skibbroen close to Fisketorvet shopping centre in central Copenhagen, Bal der is constructing 184 apartments. Construction has commenced in the pro ject and completion is expected in the second quarter of 2016. Buildings will be constructed of 6-7 floors with light brick frontage, generous patios and roof terraces. The immediate surroundings are lively featuring a mix of offices, apartments, stores and cafs. The central location in direct connection to the dock offers a unique and exclusive housing location.

Million programme
A part of Balder's residential portfolio consists of so-called "million programme" areas, which were produced during the 1960s. These areas are characterised by a unilateral housing stock, low development densities and large-scale parking and traffic solutions. The infrastructure is often well-developed and it is easy to get to and from the apartment. New construction in these areas has been very limited for a long time, while the population has increased. These areas are largely characteri sed by social imbalances.
Balder's view is that there is great potential for new housing in these areas. By developing existing zones within city districts, land can be used more efficiently and safer housing environments can be created. Through more efficient use of exis ting infrastructure, we estimate that future investments are limited and this means that the initial value of development projects is low. Balder's strategy is to create a broader supply of modern housing by increasing development density through addi tion of apartment blocks and terraced houses. Consequently there are great oppor tunities in our own portfolio to offer the market good-value tenancy rights and tenant-owner's rights.

F-41

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 39

Real estate valuation
The market value of Balder's property portfolio amounted to SEK 37,382m on 31 December and the average yield amounted to 5.5 per cent.

Balder's real estate portfolio consists of 494 properties of which 319 consist of residential properties. The holdings are divided into five geographical regions: Stockholm, Gothenburg/West, resund, East and North. Balder also owns properties in Denmark and Finland which are reported under resund and East, respectively. Each region is unique with specific characteristics that must be considered when the holdings are valued. Balder reports its properties at fair value according to IFRS, which means that the market value of the properties is assessed during each quarter and year-end.
The value of the properties is based on internal valuations. All properties have been valued using the yield method, which means that each property is valued by discounting the estimated future cash flows. The estimated future cash flow has been derived from existing rental income as well as operating and maintenance costs adjusted to expected changes in rental and vacancy levels. An estimate is also made of the future development of the immediate surroundings as well as the posi tion of the property within its market segment.
Rent payments The rental trend for the property portfolio is expected to track inflation over time. Commercial leases include indexation, which means that the rent develops at the same rate as the CPI, consumer price index, during the leasing period. Residential properties have historically developed a little better than the CPI, but in its valua tions, Balder has assumed that the rent develops in line with inflation. In commer cial leases that expire during the calculation period, an assessment is made of whether the lease is expected to be extended at the prevailing market rental level or if there is a risk that the premises can become vacant. Vacancies are considered on the basis of the current vacancy situation with a gradual adjustment to a mar ket-related vacancy level taking account of the property's individual characteristics. The total rental value amounted to SEK 2,885m on 31 December 2014.
Operating and maintenance payments Assumptions have been made regarding future operating and maintenance pay ments. These assumptions are based on historic outcomes and future projections as well as estimated standardised costs. Operating and maintenance costs are adjusted upwards each year by inflation.

40 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-42

F-43

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 41

REAL ESTATE VALUATION

Net operating income rolling annual value
SEK/share 12,0 -------------------------------------------------
0 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Rental value, Residential
SEK/sq.m.
800 700
^ V V V * t!*0
Rental value, Commercial
SEK/sq.m. 1,800 ----------------------------------------
600

Yield requirement and cost of capital Yield requirements and the cost of capital used in the valuation model have been derived from comparable transactions in the property market. Important factors in choosing a yield requirement are location, rental level, vacancy rate and the condi tion of the property. Market assessments of properties always involve a certain amount of uncertainty in the assumptions and estimates made. The uncertainty in respect of individual properties is normally considered to be in the range of +/- 5-10 per cent. Balder continually monitors the transactions that are completed in the market in order to substantiate and guarantee internal valuations. Balder also con ducts continual discussions with external actors regarding acquisition and divest ment of properties, which provides additional guidance.
On 31 December, Balder's average yield amounted to 5.5 per cent (5.9). The yield requirement for commercial properties amounted on average to 5.7 per cent (6.0) and to 5.1 per cent (5.7) for residential properties.

Change in value of the real estate portfolio In 2014, Balder acquired properties for SEK 7,059m (3,606) in total. Divestments during the year amounted to SEK 1,114m (145), which generated a profit of SEK 144m (16). According to Balder's internal valuation, the carrying amount of the pro perties at year-end amounted to SEK 37,382m (27,532), which corresponds to an unrealised change in value of SEK 2,906 m (838). The largest share of the market value is found in the Stockholm and Gothenburg/West regions, which combined represent a real estate value of SEK 24,727m.

External valuations To guarantee its internal valuations, Balder allowed external valuation of selected properties during the year with a value equivalent to SEK 2,400m. The properties that were externally valued are located in Malmo, Gothenburg, Stockholm, Lund among other places. The external valuations were carried out by Newsec and Nybolig during 2014 and exceeded Balder's internal valuations by about eight per cent on the valua tion date. Historically, the difference between Balder's internal and external valua tions has been marginal.

Total property portfolio
SEKm

Rent including vacancy Long-term vacancy Rental income Operating and maintenance Property tax Ground rent Net operating income Valuation, excluding real estate projects Yield,%

Region

Cost of capital requirement for counting of future
cashflows, %

Stockholm Gothenburg/West Oresund East North

컊
cd 1
컊
Lfi

5.5-10.0 5.5-12.0
6.5-12.0 6.3-12.8

According to valuation
2,885 -81
2,804 -665 -113
-15 2,011 36,879
5.5

SEK/s.q.m
1,325 -37
1,288 -305
-52 -7
924 16,940

Yield requirement for estimating
residual value, %

The mean value of yield requirements for estima tion of residual value, %

3.5-8.0

5.3

3.5-10.0

5.6

3.8-6.8

5.2

4.5-10.0

6.2

4.3-10.8

5.3

42 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-44

Financing
Balder's equity at the end of 2014 amounted to SEK 14,261m and the interest-bearing liabilities amounted to SEK 22,378m. The loan-to-value ratio of the properties amounted to 54.3 per cent and the interest coverage ratio was 3.4 times.

Balder is a long-term property owner and access to capital is a requirement for successful property management. Organisationally, the financial operations at Balder are centralised to the parent company which acts as an internal bank to the Group with responsibility for funding, cash management and financial risk management.
Balder is financed by equity and liabilities, where the majority of the liabilities consist of interest-bearing liabilities. The proportion of equity is impacted by the chosen level of financial risk which in turn is impacted by lenders' equity require ments for offering market-related financing. Balder's long-term goals for the capital structure are that the equity/assets ratio should not be less than 35 per cent over time and that the interest coverage ratio over time should not be less than 1.5 times.
Equity Balder increased shareholders' equity during the year by SEK 3,065m. The increase occurred partly through sale of repurchased shares of SEK 220m, partly through comprehensive income for the year of SEK 3,145 m and through dividends paid to the preference shareholders as well as dividends of SEK 100m entered as a liability but still not disbursed.
Interest-bearing liabilities The Group's interest-bearing liabilities amounted to SEK 22,378m (16,521) on 31 December, which corresponds to a loan-to-value ratio on the properties of 54.3 per cent (57.0). The interest-bearing liabilities consist of bilateral loan agreements with Nordic banks, bond loan of SEK 1,950m (750) and a certificate programme of SEK 1,500m (SEK 1,000m). The certificate programme is secured through back-up facili ties from banks, which means that if Balder cannot issue certificates, we will use the back-up facilities. The liquidity for bond financing has increased considerably in recent years, which means that Balder today can finance itself less expensively for longer maturities in the bond market than in the interbank market. This has decreased the refinancing risk in the company as we can meet our financing needs through more sources of capital.
Balder has provided mortgage deeds in properties, shares and participations in subsidiaries as security for the interest-bearing loans. In certain cases the security is supplemented by guarantees regarding levels for the interest coverage ratio, equity/ assets ratio, loan-to-value ratio and guarantees from the parent company. None of these guarantees deviates from the goals in the financial policy and all guarantees were met during the financial year. Credit agreements contain customary termina tion conditions.

Loan to value ratio, properties
% 100 ---------------------------------------------------
90
Development of net asset value
SEK/share
0

F-45

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 43

FINANCING

Changes of market rates of interest or changes in lenders' margins affect net finan cial items. By working with long credit agreements with agreed margins together with a long interest rate refixing period, predictability in the cash flow is achieved. During 2014, bank margins decreased, while the market rate of interest (STIBOR) fell. Balders' average interest rate refixing period amounted to 2.3 years (3.5) at year-end and the average fixed credit term amounted to 4.3 years (5.4).
Interest rate derivatives Interest rate derivative instruments are deployed in order to obtain preferred inte rest rate refixing periods. Balder's view is that interest rate derivatives are a more flexible and cost efficient instrument compared to taking out fixed-interest loans, which would give the same cash flow effect. The difference is greater for accounting purposes as derivatives are continually recognised at fair value in the balance sheet with changes in value recognised in net financial items in the income statement. When the market rate of interest deviates from the interest agreed in derivative instruments, a surplus or deficit arises in the accounting, which is not the case with fixed interest loans. Changes in value of derivatives amounted to SEK -624m (433) during the year. The deficit on derivatives, SEK 1,086m (472), will be released during the remaining term and recognised as income. This means that Balder has a reserve of SEK 1,086m that will be reversed to equity, adjusted by deferred tax, in line with the maturity of the interest rate derivatives.
Currency derivatives Balder applies hedge accounting in relation to a swap where we hedged our own capital position against Danish kroner, which is recognised directly against equity

44 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-46

and the change in value over comprehensive income. Through this hedging transac tion, Balder has marginal exposure to the Danish krone.

Net financial items Net financial items, excluding changes in value in interest rate derivatives, amoun ted to SEK -531m (-456), which is a result of a larger average debt, however, the average interest rate was lower during the year. At year-end, Balder's average inte rest rate was 2.6 per cent (3.2).

Interest maturity structure 2014-12-31
Year
Within one year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years >5 years Total

Interest rate refixing period

Interest, Propor-

SEKm

% tion, %

13,960 500 -
3,000 -
4,918 22,378

1.8 62.4

4.3 2.2

-

-

4.7 13.4

-

-

3.6 22.0

2.6 100

Financial policy The financial operations at Balder are conducted in accordance with the goals that the Board establishes annually in the financial policy. The goals are set in order to limit the financial risks that Balder is exposed to, which mainly relate to interest, refinancing and liquidity risk. The overriding goals of the financial policy are: 톞o secure the need of short- and long-term capital supply, 톞hat the equity/assets ratio should not be less than 35, 톞hat the interest coverage ratio should not be less than 1.5 times.

Financial goals
Equity/assets ratio, % Interest coverage ratio, times

Outcome

Goal

2014

2013

35.0 35.5 37.3

1.5 3.4

2.9

Likviditet Balder utilises credit facilities in order to balance its liquidity needs. At year-end, Balder's disposable liquidity amounted to SEK 806m (1,004), which was composed of cash and cash equivalents, unutilised credit facilities and financial investments. Balder's cash flow is relatively evenly distributed during the year as about half of the rental income relates to residential rents, which are paid monthly. Remaining rents are mainly paid quarterly.

Key ratios
2014-12-31
Return on equity, % Return on total assets, % Interest coverage ratio, times Equity/assets ratio, % Average fixed credit term, years Average interest rate refixing period, years

2014

2013

29.7 21.5

12.4

9.7

3.4 2.9

35.5 37.3

4.3

5.4

2.3

3.5

F-47

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 45

Opportunities and risks
All business activity is associated with risks and these may affect the company negatively but they may also create opportunities. Balder works actively with diversification of risks as regards type of property, geographical distribution and customer composition in order to limit the company's risk exposure.

Sensitivity analysis
Factor
Rental income Economic occupancy rate Interest-rate level of interest-bearing liabilities Property costs Changes in value of properties

Change
+/- 1 per cent +/- 1 percentage unit
+ 1 percentage unit +/- 1 per cent +/-5 per cent

Earnings effect before tax, SEKm
+/- 27 +/- 29
- 139 -/+ 8 +/- 1,869

Rental income, rental development and occupancy rate Of Balder's contracted rental income, 41 per cent relates to residential properties and 59 per cent to premises. The company's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the possibility of charging market-related rents as well as customers' payment capacity. If the occupancy rate or rental levels change, irrespec tive of the reason, Balder's results are affected. Naturally, the risk of large fluctua tions in vacancies and loss of rental income increases the more large individual tenants a property company has. Balder's ten largest leases represent 9.4 per cent of total rental income and the average lease term amounts to 11.1 years. No individual lease accounts for more than 1.5 per cent of Balder's total rental income and no indi vidual customer accounts for more than 4.8 per cent of total rental income. There are no guarantees that Balder's major tenants will renew or extend their leases when they expire, which in the longer term can lead to altered rental income and vacancies. The dependence on individual tenants decreases in line with Balder's con tinued growth through acquisitions. In order to limit the risk of falling rental income and a weakened occupancy rate, Balder strives to develop long-term relationships with the company's existing customers. Balder's leases are normally wholly or partly linked to the consumer price index, in other words, wholly or partly adjusted for inflation.
Balder is dependent on tenants paying agreed rents in time. In some leases, the tenant's obligations are guaranteed by the parent company or through bank guaran tees. The risk still remains that tenants will suspend their payments or in other respects will not fulfil their obligations. If this happens, Balder's results could be affected negatively.
Unlike commercial properties, residential properties are covered by regulations which among other things mean that the so-called utility value principle determines the setting of the rent.

46 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-48

At year-end, Balder had an economic occupancy rate of 95 per cent, which means that the vacancy level at year-end amounted to SEK 155m and represents an oppor tunity for potential new lettings. The table on page 46 shows how profit before tax would be affected by a change of + /- 1 per cent in the rental level and +/- 1 per cent in the economic occupancy rate.
Operating and maintenance costs Operating costs mainly consist of costs that are based on usage such as electricity, cleaning, water and heating costs. Several of these goods and services can only be purchased from one actor, which can affect the price. To the extent that possible cost increases are not compensated by adjustments of leases or increases in rent through renegotiation of leases, Balder's results can be affected negatively. Main tenance costs include measures aimed at maintaining the standard of the proper ties in the long term. These costs are expensed to the extent they constitute repairs and replacement of smaller areas. Other additional expenses of a maintenance cha racter are capitalised in connection with the expense arising. Unforeseen and extensive repair needs may also affect the results negatively.
Change in value of the properties 84 per cent of the value of Balder's real estate portfolio is found in the three metro politan regions Stockholm, Gothenburg/West and resund. Balder's investment pro perties are recognised at fair value in the balance sheet and changes in value are recognised in the income statement. Unrealised changes in value do not affect the cash flow. Balder carries out an internal valuation of the real estate portfolio in con-

F-49

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 47

OPPORTUNITIES AND RISKS

nection with quarterly reports. Parts of the real estate portfolio are also externally valued and compared to the
internal valuation. The value of the properties is affected by a number of factors including property-
specific factors such as occupancy rate, rental level and operating costs as well as market-specific factors such as yield requirements and cost of capital.
Both property-specific and market-specific changes affect the value of invest ment properties, which in turn impacts on the Group's financial position and results.
Dependence on key people Balder's future growth is dependent on the knowledge, experience and commit ment of the management group and other key people. The company could be affec ted negatively if one or more of these people would leave the Group.
Operational risks Balder can incur losses within the framework of its operating activities due to defec tive routines or irregularities. Good internal control, appropriate administrative sys tems, skills development and good access to reliable valuation and risk models pro vide a good basis for reducing operational risks. Balder continually works on monitoring the company's administrative security and control.
Taxes and changed legislation Changes in corporate and property taxes, as well as other government levies, rent allowance and interest allowance can affect the basis for Balder's operations. It cannot be ruled out that tax rates will change in the future or that other changes will occur in the state system that affect real estate ownership. In most leases, the customer pays his share of the current debited property tax. Changes in corporate taxation and other governmental levies, may affect Balder's results. An alteration in tax legislation or practice which implies changes in possibilities of making tax write offs or utilising loss carry-forwards, for example, can mean a change in Balder's future tax situation and can thereby also impact results.

48 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-50

Financial risks Balder's operations are mainly financed by equity and loans from external lenders. The relationship between equity and liabilities is managed on the basis of the chosen level of financial risk and the amount of equity to meet lenders' requirements for securing loans at market-related conditions. The financing via loans means that Balder is exposed to financing, interest and credit risks. Financing conditions include requirements as regards the equity/assets ratio, loan-to-value ratio and interest coverage ratio.
Refinancing risk Refinancing risk refers to the risk that financing cannot be secured at all, or only at a significantly increased cost. Balder conducts continual discussions with banks and credit institutions aimed at securing the long-term financing. Balder cooperates closely with a handful of lenders in order to secure the company's long-term capital requirements.
Interest risk Interest risk is defined as the risk that changes in the level of interest rates will affect Balder's financing expense. The interest expense is Balder's single largest cost item. Interest expenses are mainly affected by the current level of the market rate of interest and the credit institutions' margins and by what strategy Balder chooses for interest rate refixing periods. Market rates of interest are mainly affected by the expected inflation rate. In times of rising inflation expectations, the interest rate level can be expected to rise, which immediately increases the interest expense on loans with short maturities.
Balder has a large proportion of loans which run according to short interest rate refixing periods. Balder deploys interest rate derivatives as part of its interest risk management, in order to achieve preferred interest rate refixing periods.
Credit risk Credit risk is defined as the risk that Balder's counterparties cannot fulfil their finan cial obligations towards Balder. Credit risk in the financial operations arises during investment of excess liquidity, on entering into interest rate swap contracts and in connection with issued credit agreements. As regards Balder's trade receivables, customary credit checks are carried out before a new lease is entered into.
Foreign exchange risk Balder owns properties via subsidiaries in Denmark and in Finland. Companies' reve nue and costs are in local currency and they are thereby exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates from a Group standpoint. Foreign exchange risk also arises in trans lation of the assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries to the currency of the parent company.
Environmental risk Property management and property development have an environmental impact. Balder has established an environmental policy and works actively with environmen tal issues. Under the Environmental Code, the party conducting an activity which has contributed to pollution is also responsible for after-treatment. If the party conduc ting the activity cannot carry out or pay for the after-treatment of a property, the party acquiring the property and that on the acquisition date was aware of or that should have then discovered the pollution, is responsible. Since Balder mainly owns residential, office and retail properties, this risk is considered limited.

Maturity structure of commercial lease contracts
SEKm 400 ---------------------------------------------------300
iHn
Number of commercial leases per rental value
-250 2 5 1- 501- 1,001- 3,001 500 1,000 3,000

F-51

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 49

Associated companies
Balder's associated companies together own 57 properties with a total carrying amount of SEK 3,396m. Balder also holds shares in the rapidly growing credit market company Collector, where the participating interest amounts to approximately 48 per cent.

Carrying amount per property category, %
Retail, 3 9 ----Project, 19 -- Other, 2 2 ----Residential, 2 Office, 17 --
Carrying amount per region, %
Stockholm, 50 resund, 9 -----Gothenburg, 22 Project, 19 ------

Balder is a part-owner in property-managing associated companies, in asso ciated companies that conduct project development and in the credit management company Collector, see Note 15. In June, Balder acquired the remaining 50 per cent of the shares in Akroterion AB, which means that the Akroterion is no longer an associated company. On 1 October, Balder acquired 50 per cent of the shares in Frsta Lnggatan Fastigheter i Gbg HB. The property-mana ging associated companies include Centur, Tulia and Frsta Lnggatan while Bovieran and Fix Holding are focused on project development.
The property-managing associated companies together own 57 properties (53) with a total carrying amount of SEK 6,792m (5,086), a total lettable area of about 317,000 sq.m. (285,000) and a rental value amounting to SEK 400 m (400). Profit from property management, in other words, profit excluding changes in value and tax, amounted to SEK 427m (345), of which Balder's participation amounted to SEK 195m (157). The companies' profit after tax amounted to SEK 646m (429), of which Balder's participation amounted to SEK 317m (204).

Balder's participation in the property holdings of property-managing associated

companies

2014-12-31

Number of properties

Lettable area, sq.m.

Rental Rental

value,

value,

SEKm SEK/s.q.m.

Rental Economic income, occupancy
SEK rate, %

Carrying amount,
SEKm

Carrying amount,
%

Distributed by region

Stockholm

32 86,815 125 1,441 123

Gothenburg

12 47,401

50 1,051

47

resund

7 24,282

25 1,049

24

Total

51 158,498 200 1,264 194

Projects

6

-

-

-

-

Total

57 158,498 200 1,264 194

98 1,685

50

95 735

22

93 317

9

97 2,737

81

-

658

19

97 3,396 100

Distributed by property category

Residential

4 3,461

4 1,297

4

98

84

2

Office

7 25,198

38 1,506

34

89 572

17

Retail

32 94,448 102 1,079 100

98 1,337

39

Other

8 35,391

56 1,583

56 100 744

22

Total

51 158,498 200 1,264 194

97 2,737

81

Projects

6

-

-

-

-

-

658

19

Totalt

57 158,498 200 1,264 194

97 3,396 100

50 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-52

Balder's participation in the property holdings of property-managing associated companies

SEKm

2014 2013 2012

Rental income

180 179 159

Property costs

-35 -40 -33

Net operating income 145 140 126

2014 2013 2012

Carrying amount properties, SEKm

3,396 2,543 2,171

Number of properties 57 49 43

Lettable area, sq.m.

thousands

158 142 135

Balder's results were affected by changes in value in respect of properties and derivatives of SEK 178m (100) before tax. For more information about Balder's asso ciated companies, see Note 15, Participations in associated companies.
Fastighets AB Centur The company is 50 per cent-owned by Peab and Balder and concentrates on pro perty management, project development and property investments. Project deve lopment mainly focuses on construction of new retail and office premises and resi dential apartments but also improvements relating to real estate projects.
During the year, Varvsstaden in Malm and Polishgskolan in Stockholm were acquired. Varvsstaden contains future building rights for about 350,000 sq.m. of residential and commercial areas. The project aims to develop a new district in cen tral Malm, at the site where Kockums once conducted shipbuilding operations. Polishgskolan contains about 49,000 sq.m. of office space as well as commercial building rights of about 20,000 sq.m. The property is entirely let to the National Swedish Police Board. The purchase price of the properties amounted to SEK 1,454m.
At year-end, Centur owned 29 investment properties (27) with a lettable area of 213,000 sq.m. (162,000) and a rental value of SEK 232m (155) and 3 real estate pro jects (3). The carrying amount of the properties amounted to SEK 4,061m (2,027). The properties are located in Stockholm, Gothenburg and the resund region.
Tulia AB Balder owns 50 per cent of Tulia and the remaining part is owned by Andr 흆erlund AB. In December, the company acquired the office property Jakob Strre 14 in Stock holm, which is situated at Kungstrdgrden in one of Stockholm's most central areas. At year-end, Tulia owned 21 properties (20) with mainly central locations in Stockholm. The company's total lettable area amounted to 71,000 sq.m. (70,000) and the carrying amount of the properties totalled SEK 1,999m (1,877) with a rental value amounting to SEK 131m (122).

Balder's participation in the balance sheets of property-managing associa ted companies
2014-12-31 2013-12-31

Assets Properties Other assets Cash and cash equivalents Total assets

3,396 27

2,543 34

24 3,447

40 2,617

Equity and liabilities
Equity/ shareholders' loan Interest-bearing liabilities Other liabilities Total equity and liabilities

1,230
2,032 185
3,447

990
1,454 173
2,617

F-53

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 51

ASSOCIATED COMPANIES

Frsta Lnggatan Properties in GBG HB Balder owns the company Frsta Lnggatan Fastigheter i Gbg HB together with Elof Hansson. In October, the company acquired the property Gteborg Masthugget 11:13 in Gothenburg. The property is located, adjacent to Masthuggstorget and the lettable area amoun ted to 32,000 sq.m. of premises and apartments. The rental value amounts to SEK 44m.
Bovieran Holding AB Balder owns 80 per cent and the remaining part is owned by Mellberg Frvaltning AB. The operations consist of development and construction of residential properties using an internally-developed design - Bovieran - where the glazed-in courtyard in the form of a winter garden with a Rivieran atmosphere is a distinct feature. The winter garden has a pleasant temperature all year round and con tains lush greenery with tropical, Mediterranean, Japanese and Scandinavian environments.
The Bovieran concept has been built in nine different places so far. Construction is in progress or about to start in Enkping, Haninge, Jrflla, Norrkping and Linkping. The company is still in the midst of a strong growth phase and will begin a number of new construction projects during 2015. See also www.bovieran.se.
Fix Holding AB The company is owned in equal shares by Balder and HSB Gteborg and it owns Fixfabriken in Majorna, which is a fully let building. Balder has purchased land together with HSB at Majorna where Fixfabriken was previously located. Fix Holding will develop almost 500 new apartments here with complementary business premises.
The new Fixfabriken will be a sensation among residential areas in Gothenburg, and will feature distinctive architecture and excel lent housing quality. Equally important is the fact that Fixfabriken will become a vital new addition and a dynamo for continued development, both in the area and in the city as a whole. It will be fantastic housing and it is also intended to serve a model for urban renewal, where participation, transparency and collaboration are not just fine words but firm reality. The objective is to have a detai led development plan ready by 2016. See also www.fixfabriken.se
Collector AB The company has a stable group of owners where the largest owners are Balder, Ernstrmgruppen and Provobis. Balder is the principal owner and increased its stake during the year to 48 per cent. Collector is a successful credit market company that is expe riencing rapid organic growth with offices in Gothenburg, Stock holm, Malm, Oslo and Helsinki.
The company is a partner focusing on overall solutions in finan cing, credit management and the legal field. The company's busi ness areas are Collector Consumer, Collector Business and Collector Commerce and the balance sheet total at year-end amounted to SEK 6,500m (4,600m), sales amounted to SEK 900m (700m) and profit before tax was SEK 244m (190). See also www.collector.se

52 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-54

Financial reporting
Financial reporting 53 Report of the Board of
Directors
Consolidated statement of 58 Comprehensive income 59 Financial position 60 Changes in equity 61 Cash flows
Parent Company 62 Income statement 63 Balance sheet 64 Changes in equity 65 Cash flow statement
66 Notes 86 Audit report

Report of the Board of Directors

the Board of Directors and CEO of Fastighets AB Balder (publ), A cq u isitio n s

corporate identity number 556525-6905, hereby submit the

The largest transaction during 2014 was the acquisition of 14 hotel pro

accounts of the Group and the Parent Company for the finan

perties for a purchase price o f SEK 2.2 billion. O f the overall value o f the

cial year 2014.

hotel portfolio, about 40 per cent is located in the Stockholm region.

Fastighets AB Balder is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large

The largest tenant is Scandic, w hich accounts for 65 per cent o f the ren

Cap segment. The company has approximately 16,300 share

tal value and the other tenants include Nordic Choice and Winn Hotel

holders (16,100).

Group. During the year, we also acquired the hotels Scandic Opalen,

Comparisons stated in parenthesis refer to the correspon

Grand Hotel Opera and Radisson Blu Scandinavia, w hich are all located

ding period of the previous year.

in central Gothenburg. In Gothenburg, apart from the hotel properties,

Balder also acquired a number of additional centrally-located retail and

Operations

office properties such as Antikhallarna and Dahlgrenska huset am ong

Balder's business concept is to create value by acquiring, deve others. In Stockholm, we acquired the rem aining 50 per cent of Akrote-

loping and managing residential properties and commercial

rion Fastighets AB where we previously owned a site leasehold right

properties based on local support and to create customer value w ith GE Real Estate at M edborgarplatsen and tw o site leasehold rights

by meeting the needs of different customer groups for premi in 흏stang. In sterm alm , we acquired the office property Havsfrun.

ses and housing.

During the year, we carried out our first acquisition in Finland consis

Balder shall aim to achieve such a position in each region

ting of a property portfolio with a total area o f about 65,000 sq.m. dist

whereby the company is a natural partner for potential custo ributed in four locations. The properties in Finland contain grocery tra

mers that are in need of new premises and/or housing. Growth ding and builder suppliers and the largest tenants are Kesko and

should occur on the basis of continued profitability and posi

S-Group.

tive cash flows.

In the Danish property market, Balder has entered into an agreem ent

with Skanska regarding construction of about 200 apartments and the

Financial goals

Group now has approxim ately 400 apartm ents under production in

Balder's goal is to achieve a stable and good return on equity,

Denmark.

while the equity/assets ratio over time shall not be less than 35

per cent and the interest coverage ratio shall not be less than

D ivestm ents

1.5 times.

Balder's strategy for a num ber o f years has been to divest properties in

places where the company cannot sustain a sufficiently large manage

Organisation

ment unit. During the year, all properties in Hjo, 흓vidaberg, Landskrona,

Balder's business areas consist of the regions Stockholm, Goth- Halmstad, Falkenberg and Finspng were divested. During the year, Bal

enburg/West, resund, East and North, which are made up of der divested properties for about SEK 1,114 m. The divestm ents carried

16 areas. The regional organisations follow the same basic prin out generated a profit of SEK 144m, equivalent to 15 per cent over the

ciples but differ depending on the size and property holdings of carrying amount.

each region. Regional offices are responsible for letting, opera

tion, environmental matters and technical management.

Other

The Balder Group, with Fastighets AB Balder as Parent Com During the year, all repurchased shares were sold for a value of about

pany, is composed of a large number of limited liability compa SEK 220m. The entire proceeds have been recognised directly against

nies and limited partnership companies. Balder's operational

equity.

organisation is supported by central accounting, property

management and finance functions. The Group had a total of 313 employees (290) on 31 December, of whom 110 (102) were women.
Balder's management team is composed of six people, of whom one is a woman. For information regarding approved guidelines for remuneration to senior executives, see Note 4, Employees and personnel expenses. The Board will not propose any changes in the guidelines to the Annual General Meeting 2015.

The property portfolio Balder's commercial properties are located in the centre and immediate suburbs of big cities and surrounding municipal areas and the residential properties are located in places that are growing and developing positively.
On 31 December, Balder owned 494 properties (498) with a lettable area of 2,177,000 sq.m. (1,969,000) at a carrying amount of SEK 37.4 billion (27.5). During the year, 41 properties (74) with a lettable area of approximately 330,000 sq.m. (439,000) were acquired for SEK 7,059m (3,606). 45 properties

Significant events during the financial year In 2014, Balder acquired 42 properties for about SEK 7,100m in total with an area of about 330,000 sq.m. and also divested properties for about SEK 1,100m with an area of about 139,000 sq.m. This means that we made a net investment of about SEK

(8) were divested during the year with a total lettable area of 139,000 sq.m. (14,000) for SEK 1,114m (145), which generated a profit of SEK 144m (16). In 2015, Balder will continue the work on consolidating its property portfolio.
When allocating carrying amounts by region, Stockholm

6,000m equivalent to about 16 per cent of the real estate value

at year-end.

F-55

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 53

FINANCIAL REPORTING

amounted to 34 per cent (33), Gothenburg/West 33 per cent (31), Oresund 18 per cent (19), East 11 per cent (12) and North 5 per cent (6). Of the carrying amounts, 62 per cent (55) related to commercial properties and 38 per cent (45) to residential pro perties.
Opportunities and risks Balder's operations, financial position and results may be affec ted by a number of risk factors.
Rents and custom ers Balder's income is affected by the occupancy rate o f the properties, the possibility of charging market-related rents as well as custom ers' pay ment capacity. The occupancy rate and rental levels are largely determi ned by the general and regional econom ic trends. Naturally, the risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss o f rental incom e increases when there are more large individual custom ers in the property portfolio.
In order to lim it the risk o f lower rental incom e and a weakened occupancy rate, Balder strives to develop long-term relationships with the company's existing customers. Balder's distribution between com mercial and residential properties and the geographical spread in the portfolio m eans that the risk relating to rental incom e is low.
At year-end, Balder had an econom ic occupancy rate o f 95 per cent (94). Balder's ten largest leases account for 9.4 per cent (9.1) o f total ren tal incom e and the average lease term am ounts to 11.1 years (9.9). No individual lease accounts for more than 1.5 per cent (1.7) o f Balder's total rental income and no individual custom er accounts for more than 4.8 per cent (1.7) o f total rental income. The average lease term in the overall com m ercial portfolio am ounted to 5.9 years (4.9).
A change o f + / - 1 per cent in rental incom e would affect the profit before tax by + /- SEK 27m.
D e b t a n d risk m a n a g e m e n t Balder's greatest financial risk is a lack o f financing. To limit refinancing risk, Balder w orks continually to renegotiate loans and to diversify the m aturity structure o f loans. Meanwhile, this work ensures that compe titive long-term financing is m aintained. Balder's average fixed credit term am ounted to 4.3 years (5.4).
Interest risk arises through fluctu atio ns in the market rate o f inte rest, w hich affects results and cash flow. A higher market rate o f inte rest means an increased interest expense but this often also coincides with higher inflation and economic growth. This means that higher interest expenses are partly offset by lower vacancy rates and higher rental income through increased dem and and by the fact that rents are indexed. Balder has elected to use interest rate derivatives to limit the risk o f financing costs increasing significantly in the event o f a higher market rate o f interest.
In the event o f an im m ediate increase in the market rate o f interest
of one percentage unit and the assum ption of an unchanged loan and
derivative portfolio, the interest expense would increase by SEK 139m. O f Balder's total loan stock at year-end, 38 per cent (50) had an interest rate refixing period o f more than one year. The holdings in Denm ark and Finland have given rise to a limited currency position. For more inform a tion see Note 21, Financial risks and financial policies.

responsible for ensuring that the property portfolio is well-maintained and in good condition. Through a local presence, knowledge improves about each property's need for prem ptive work, which is more costeffective in the long-term than extensive repairs.
Balder works continually on improvements regarding operating costs such as heating and electricity consum ption in order to continuously improve cost efficiency using rational technical solutions, practical efforts and continual monitoring. A change o f + / - 1 per cent in property costs would affect the property costs by SEK -/ + 8m.

C h a n g e s in v a lu e o f in v e stm e n t p ro p ertie s Balder reports its investm ent properties at fair value w ith changes in value in the incom e statem ent. Market assessm ents o f properties alw ays involve a certain am ount o f uncertainty in the assum ptions and estim ates made. The uncertainty in respect o f individual properties is norm ally considered to be in the range o f + / - 5 -10 per cent. The uncer tainty varies according to the type o f property, geographical location and real estate market conditions. Balder continually m onitors the transactions that are com pleted in the market in order to substantiate and guarantee valuations. In addition, Balder conducts continual discus sions with external participants on acquisition and divestm ent of pro perties and regularly allows external parties to value parts of the port folio, w hich provides additional guidance. Also see Note 13, Investm ent properties.
Profit before tax would be affected by SEK + / - 1,869m in the event of a change in value o f the investm ent properties o f + / - 5 per cent. The equity/assets ratio in the event o f a positive change in value would am ount to 37.4 per cent and in the event o f a negative change in value it would am ount to 33.4 per cent.

Sensitivity analysis
Factor
Rental income Economic occupancy rate Interest-rate level of interest-bearing liabilities Property costs Changes in value of investment properties

Change +/-1 per cent +/-1 percentage

Earnings effect before tax, SEKm
+/-27
+/-29

+1 percentage +/-1 per cent
+ /-5 per cent

-139 -/+8
+/-1 869

Environment Balder has not carried out any comprehensive study of possible environmental pollution in the property portfolio but estima tes that neither the properties nor the customers' operations give rise to any material environmental risks, which could affect the company's position. Acquisitions of properties where a risk of an environmental impact is deemed to exist, are prece ded by environmental inspections.
The company's ownership of wind turbines is part of Balder's environmental work. Balder's ten wind turbines produce about 28 per cent of the company's own electricity consumption.

P ro perty costs Property costs include direct costs such as operating and media expen ses, m aintenance costs, ground rent and property tax. Each region is

The share and owners During the year, the company sold 2,859,600 repurchased Class B shares at a price of SEK 77.25 per ordinary share, amounting to approximately SEK 220m in total. After the disposal, Balder

54 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-56

no longer holds any repurchased ordinary shares. The entire proceeds have been recognised directly against equity.
At year-end, the share capital amounted to 172,396,852 dist ributed among 172,396,852 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 1, whereof 11,229,432 shares are of Class A, 151,167,420 of Class B and 10,000,000 preference shares. Each Class A share carries one vote, and each Class B share and prefe rence share carries one tenth of one vote.
The Annual General Meeting 2014 resolved to authorise the Board during the period until the next AGM to decide on a new issue of shares of Class B and preference shares corresponding to not more than 10 per cent of the existing share capital. The largest owners are Erik Selin Fastigheter AB with 51 per cent of the votes and Arvid Svensson Invest AB with 16 per cent of the votes. There are no restrictions in the articles of association as to the form of transfer of shares or voting rights at the general meeting.
Since Balder will prioritise growth, capital structure and liquidity during the next few years, the dividend for the ordi nary share will be low or may not be declared at all. The quar terly dividend for the preference share amounts to SEK 20.00 per year.

ges in value of interest rate derivatives amounted to SEK -624m (433). Derivatives are continually recognised at fair value in the balance sheet and changes in value are recognised in the income statement without using hedge accounting. Changes in value from derivatives arise in the event of changed interest-rate levels and do not affect cash flow, as long as they are not sold during the period. Balder has hedged against higher levels of interest rates, which means that the market value of derivatives decreases during a period of downward interest rates. The deficit in respect of interest rate derivatives amounted to SEK 1,086m (472) at year-end. The negative change in value during the year was due to the fall in the level of interest rates which means that the difference in relation to the contracted interest rate level of the interest rate derivatives has increased.
The deficit on derivatives will be released during the remain ing term and recognised as income. This means that Balder has a reserve of SEK 1,086m that will be reversed to equity in its enti rety, adjusted by deferred tax, in line with the maturity of the interest rate derivatives.
Net financial items are equivalent to an average interest rate of 2.7 per cent (3.1) including the effect of accrued interest from Balder's interest rate derivatives.

Earnings

Value of the properties

Profit from property management for the year, in other words Balder carried out an internal valuation on 31 December of the

profit excluding changes in value, derivatives and tax, amoun entire real estate portfolio, based on a ten-year cash flow

ted to SEK 1,275m (854), which corresponds to SEK 6.64 per

model. Each property is individually valued by computing the

ordinary share (4.57). The increase was primarily due to changes present value of future cash flows, in other words future rent

in the real estate portfolio. The profit from property manage payments less estimated operating and maintenance pay

ment includes SEK 195m (157) in respect of associated compa ments. The cash flow is adjusted to the market by taking

nies, which is included in the income statement in participa

account of changes in letting levels and occupancy rate as well

tions in profits from associated companies. Net profit for the

as operating and maintenance payments.

year after tax amounted to SEK 3,128m (1,738), corresponding

The valuation is based on an individual assessment of each

to SEK 18.10 per ordinary share (10.11).

property, as well as future cash flows and the yield require

The result was impacted by realised changes in value in

ment. For a more detailed description of Balder's real estate

respect of properties of SEK 144m (16), unrealised changes in

valuation see Note 13, Investment properties.

value of properties of SEK 2,906m (838), changes in value in

Market assessments of properties always involve a certain

respect of wind turbines of SEK 0 (-37), unrealised changes in

amount of uncertainty in the assumptions and estimates

value in respect of interest rate derivatives of SEK -624m (433) made. In order to quality-assure its internal valuations, Balder

and profit from participations in associated companies of SEK

regularly allows parts of the portfolio to be externally valued

317m (204).

during the year. During the fourth quarter, Balder externally

The Group's rental income amounted to SEK 2,525m (1,884)

valued more than six per cent of its property portfolio. The

during the year. The leasing portfolio was estimated to have a

externally valued properties are located in Skne, Copenhagen

rental value on 31 December of SEK 2,885m (2,394) on a full-year and Gothenburg. The external valuation exceeded Balder's

basis. The average rental level for the entire real estate portfolio internal valuation by about eight per cent.

amounted to SEK 1,325/sq.m (1,216). The increase in the average

On 31 December, Balder's average yield requirement amoun

rental level property costs was mainly due to changes in the real ted to 5.5 per cent (5.9), excluding project real estate

estate portfolio. The rental income shows a considerable diversi

and development properties, which was 0.4 percentage

fication of risks as regards tenants, sectors and locations.

units lower than at the start of the year. The reduction in the

The economic occupancy rate amounted to 95 per cent (94)

yield requirement is attributable to the strong prevailing

on the closing date. The total rental value for unlet areas

demand for properties. Our assessment is that the new yield

on 31 December amounted to SEK 155m (134) on a full-year

requirement better reflects the market's determination of pri

basis.

ces. On 31 December, the carrying amount of the investment

Property costs amounted to SEK 760 m (609) during the year. properties amounted to SEK 37,382m (27,532) according to the

The increase in property costs was due to changes in the real

individual internal valuation, which implied an unrealised

estate portfolio. Net operating income increased by 39 per cent change in value of SEK 2,906m (838).

to SEK 1,766m (1,274), which provided a surplus ratio of 70 per

cent (68).

Net financial items amounted to SEK -531m (-456) and chan F-57

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 55

FINANCIAL REPORTING

Tax

The above-mentioned derivatives are continually recognised

Balder reported a current tax expense of SEK -11m (6) and a

at fair value in the balance sheet with changes in value recogni

deferred tax expense of SEK -682m (-418).

sed in net financial items in the income statement without

Current tax and deferred tax have been calculated based on using hedge accounting. Changes in value during the year

the applicable tax rate for 2014. Current tax only arises in

amounted to SEK -624m (433). Interest-bearing liabilities are

exceptional cases on account of the possibilities of making tax described in greater detail in Note 21, Financial risks and finan

write-offs, tax deductions for certain investments in properties cial policies.

and use of existing loss carry-forwards. For the small number of

subsidiaries where no group contributions for tax purposes

Liquidity

exist, current tax can arise. Current tax for the year mainly rela At year-end, the Group's financial investments, cash and cash

tes to companies acquired and divested during the year.

equivalents and unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK

The Group's remaining tax deficit has been estimated at

806m (1,004).

about SEK 1.7 billion (2.0) and the temporary difference bet

ween carrying amounts and values for tax purposes of proper Investments

ties and interest rate derivatives amounted to about SEK 8.7

Real estate investments amounted to SEK 7,759m (4,486)

billion (5.9). Deferred tax is calculated on the temporary diffe during the year, of which SEK 7,059m (3,606) related to acquisi

rences arising after the acquisition date. Deferred tax liabilities tions and SEK 700m (880) related to investments in existing

are calculated on the net of these items and amounted to SEK properties and projects. Remaining investments in projects

1,549m (862). For more detailed information, see Note 11,

amount to approximately SEK 570m (730). Of the total invest

Taxes.

ments SEK 2,545m (1,474) related to Stockholm, SEK 2,615m

(1,693) Gothenburg/West, SEK 1,227m (222) resund, SEK

Cash flow and financial position

788m (1,083) East and SEK 583m (14) North.

Balder's assets amounted to SEK 40,185m (30,041) on 31

December. These have been financed by equity of SEK 14,261m Associated companies

(11,196) and by liabilities of SEK 25,923m (18,846), of which SEK Balder is a part-owner in property-managing associated com

22,378m (16,521) are interest-bearing.

panies, in associated companies that conduct project develop

Cash flow from operating activities before changes in wor ment and in the credit management company Collector, see

king capital amounted to SEK 1,038m (708). Investing activities Note 15. The largest property-managing associated companies

have burdened the cash flow by SEK 6,708m (4,593). During the are Centur and Tulia. Bovieran and Fix Holding work with pro

year, acquisition of properties of SEK 6,835m (3,606), invest

ject development. On pages 50-51, Balder's participations in

ments in existing properties and projects of SEK 700m (880),

the balances sheets and real estate holdings of property-mana

investments in property, plant and equipment, financial

ging associated companies are reported and presented accor

investments and associated companies of SEK 570m (297) and ding to IFRS accounting policies.

dividends paid of SEK 200m (125) totalled SEK 8,305m (4,908).

The associated companies own 51 investment properties

These were financed through cash flow from operating activi (49) and 6 real estate projects (4). Balder's participation in the

ties of SEK 1,340 m (502), through property divestments of SEK lettable area of the real estate holdings amounts to approx

1,114m (145) and financial investments of SEK 219m (7), divest imately 158,000 sq.m. (142,000) with a rental value of SEK

ment of own shares of SEK 220m (-), acquired liquidity of SEK 200m (200). The economic occupancy rate amounted to 97 per

19m (36), dividend from associated companies of SEK 45m (-) cent (93).

and net borrowing of SEK 5,338m (3,079). Total cash flow for

the year amounted to SEK -8m (160). The Group's cash and

Parent Company

cash equivalents, financial investments and unutilised credit

The parent company's operations mainly consist of performing

facilities amounted to SEK 806m (1,004) on 31 December.

group-wide services. Balder has centralised the Group's credit

supply, risk management and cash management through the

Equity

parent company having an internal bank function. Sales in the

Shareholders' equity amounted to SEK 14,261m (11,196) on 31 parent company amounted to SEK 124m (99) during the year, of

December, corresponding to SEK 70.10 per ordinary share

which intra-group services represented SEK 97m (83) and the

(52.14). The equity/assets ratio amounted to 35.5 per cent

remainder mostly related to management assignments for

(37.3).

associated companies.

Profit after tax during the year amounted to SEK 302m (365).

Interest-bearing liabilities

The profit was impacted by changes in value in respect of inte

The Group's interest-bearing liabilities amounted to SEK

rest rate derivatives of SEK -585m (374).

22,378m (16,521) on 31 December. The proportion of loans

The parent company's financial investments and cash and

with interest dates during the coming 12-month period

cash equivalents, including unutilised credit facilities amoun

amounted to 62 per cent (50) and the average fixed credit term ted to SEK 772m (895) on 31 December. Receivables from group

amounted to 4.3 years (5.4). Derivatives contracts have been

companies amounted to SEK 15,777m (11,506) on the closing

entered into in order to limit the impact of a higher market rate date. Investments in property, plant and equipment and finan

of interest.

cial investments amounted to SEK 1m (0) and SEK 144m (218)

56 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

respectively during the year. The change in non-current liabiliF-58

ties w as m ainly related to acq u isitio n s d u rin g the year.

The Board proposes that the amount be allocated as follows:

Report on the Board work during the year The Board held 10 board meetings during the financial year of which one was the statutory meeting. The work follows a for

Dividend SEK 20.00 per preference share Carried forward
Total
O f which share premium reserve

200,000,000 6,124,897,407
6,324,897,407
3,765,401,540

mal work plan approved by the Board. The formal work plan

governs the Board's working methods and the division of

The Board's statement regarding the proposed distribution of

responsibility between the Board and CEO as well as the forms profits

of the day-to-day financial reporting. During the year, strategic Consolidated equity has been calculated in accordance with

questions and other important matters for the company's

the IFRS standards adopted by the EU and interpretations of

development were discussed, apart from day-to-day financial these (IFRIC) and in accordance with Swedish law by application

reporting and decision-making. The company's auditors partici of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board's recommendation

pate in at least one board meeting and report on their audit of RFR 1 (Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups). The parent

the management's administration and of the accounts

company's equity has been calculated in accordance with Swe

dish law and by application of the Swedish Financial Reporting

Corporate governance

Board's recommendation RFR 2 (Accounting for legal entities).

Balder is governed by the corporate governance rules prescri The Board considers that full coverage exists for the company's

bed in the Swedish Companies Act, the Articles of Association restricted equity after the proposed distribution of profits.

and the listing agreement with Nasdaq Stockholm. The Board

The Board considers that the proposed distribution of profits

aims to make it easy for the individual shareholder to

is reasonable taking account of the assessment criteria prescri

understand where in the organisation responsibility and autho bed in Chapter 17 Section 3, second and third paragraphs of

rity lie. The corporate governance in the company is based on the Swedish Companies Act (the type, scale, risks, need to

Swedish legislation, principally on the Swedish Companies Act, strengthen the balance sheet, liquidity and general financial

the Stockholm Stock Exchange's rules for issuers, the Swedish position of the operations).

Code of Corporate Governance as well as other rules and guide The Board estimates that the company's and the Group's

lines. Some of the Code's principles aim to create a good basis equity after the proposed distribution of profits will be suffi

for exercise of an active balance of power between owners, the ciently large in relation to the type, scale and risks of the opera

Board and management, which Balder views as a natural ele tions. The Board's assessment of the parent company's and the

ment in the principles of the operations.

Group's financial position means that the dividend is defensible

in relation to the requirements imposed by the type, scale and

Remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives

risks of the operations on the size of the parent company's and

Guidelines for remuneration of senior executives were resolved the Group's equity and the parent company's and the Group's

upon at the preceding Annual General Meeting. Above all, the need to strengthen the balance sheet, liquidity and financial

guidelines mean that market-related salaries and other terms position generally. The proposed dividend for preference shares

of employment should be applicable for the company manage accounts for 3.1 per cent (3.2) of the company's equity and 1.4

ment. The remuneration should be paid in the form of a fixed per cent (1.8) of the Group's equity.

salary. Taken together, dismissal pay and termination benefits

Balder's declared goal for the Group's capital structure is that

should not exceed the equivalent of 18 monthly salaries. The

the equity/assets ratio should not be less than 35 per cent over

company management refers to the CEO and other members time and that the interest coverage ratio should not be less

of the group management.

than 1.5 times, and should also be met after the proposed divi

The Board's proposed guidelines to the next Annual General

dend. In light of this, the Board considers that the company and

Meeting correspond to the present guidelines.

the Group have a good basis for taking advantage of future

business opportunities and also for managing possible losses.

Significant events after the end of the financial year

Planned investments have been considered in determination of

See Note 29.

the proposed distribution of profits.

The proposed distribution of profits will not affect the

Expectations regarding the future trend

company's and the Group's ability to meet their payment obli

Balder's goal is to grow by means of direct or indirect acquisi gations at the right time.

tions together with our partners in the locations where we

The Board has considered all other known circumstances

have operations.

that may be important for the company's and the Group's

Proposed distribution of earnings

financial position and which have not been considered within the framework of what is stated above. In this connection, no

The following amount in Swedish kronor is at the disposal of the Annual General Meeting:

circumstances have arisen which make the proposed dividend appear unreasonable. Record days for the quarterly dividend of

Share premium reserve

3,765,401,540 SEK 5.00 to the preference shareholders are 10 July, 9 October

Retained earnings Net profit for the year

2,257,142,218 302,353,649

and 8 January and 8 April.

Total 1

6,324,897,407 Gothenburg, 8 April 2015

1) See change in the Parent Company's equity, page 60.

Board of Directors

F-59

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 57

FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Financial statements

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

SEKm
Rental income Property costs Net operating income

Note
2, 3 3, 6, 7, 8

Changes in value of investment properties, realised Changes in value of investment properties and wind turbines, unrealised 11 Management and administrative expenses Participation in profits of associated companies Operating profit

13 13 5, 6 15 3, 4, 5, 6, 7

Financial items

Financial income

9

Financial expenses

10

Changes in value of derivatives

21

Net financial items

Profit before tax

Income tax

11

Net profit for the year

Other comprehensive income - items that may later be reclassified in the income statement Translation difference Participation in other comprehensive income from associated companies Comprehensive income for the year

Net profit for the year attributable to The parent company's shareholders

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to The parent company's shareholders

Profit from property management before tax

Profit from property management before tax per ordinary share, SEK 2)

Profit after tax per ordinary share, SEK 2)

12

1) Unrealised changes in value in respect of properties Unrealised changes in value in respect of wind turbines
Total

2) There is no dilutive effect as no potential shares arise.

2014 2,525 -760 1,766
144 2,906 -154
317 4,977
108 -640 -624 -1,156 3,822
-693 3,128
16 1 3,145
3,128
3,145
1,275 6.64 18.10
2,906 -
2,906

2013 1,884 -609 1,274
16 801 -121 204 2,174
87 -543
433 -23 2,151
-412 1,738
8 -12 1,735
1,738
1,735
854 4.57 10.11
838 -37
801

58 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-60

Consolidated statement of financial position
SEKm
ASSETS Non-current assets Investment properties Other property, plant and equipment Participations in associated companies Receivables from associated companies Total non-current assets
Current assets Trade receivables Other receivables Prepaid expenses and accrued income Financial investments Cash and cash equivalents Total current assets TOTAL ASSETS
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Equity attributable to the parent company's shareholders Share capital Other paid-up capital Retained earnings including net profit for the year Total equity
Liabilities Non-current liabilities Deferred tax liability Non-current interest-bearing liabilities Credit facilities Derivatives Total non-current liabilities
Current liabilities Current interest-bearing liabilities Trade payables Other liabilities Accrued expenses and deferred income Total current liabilities Total liabilities TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Pledged assets and contingent liabilities Pledged assets Contingent liabilities

Note

31 dec 2014

31 dec 2013

13

37,382

27,532

14

96

108

15

1,489

1,020

616

748

39,584

29,408

16

19

23

17

80

65

18

45

32

19

257

305

25

199

208

600

633

40,185

30,041

20

172

172

4,339

4,339

9,750

6,685

14,261

11,196

11 21 21, 22 21

1,549 22,157
-- 1,086 24,792

862 16,338
4 472 17,676

21

221

179

74

150

297

465

23

538

376

1,131

1,170

25,923

18,846

40,185

30,041

24

24,613

19,317

24

1,486

925

F-61

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 59

FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Consolidated statement of changes in equity

SEKm
Equity at 1 Jan 2013

Attributable to the parent company's shareholders

Share capital

Other paid-up capital

Reserves

Retained earnings including net profit for the year

168

3,046

-13

5,088

Net profit for the year Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income

1,738

-4

-

-

-4

1,738

New issue 11 Dividend paid preference shares Total transactions with the company's owners

4

1,293

4

1,293

-125

-

-125

Equity at 31 Dec 2013

172

4,339

-16

6,701

Total equity
8,289
1,738 -4
1,735
1,297 -125 1,172
11,196

Equity at 1 Jan 2014
Net profit for the year Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income
Disposal of treasury shares Dividend on preference shares booked as a liability but still unpaid Dividend paid preference shares Total transactions with the company's owners
Equity at 31 Dec 2014

172

4,339

-

-

-

-

172

4,339

-16

6,701 11,196

3,128

3,128

17

17

17

3,128

3,145

220

220

-100

-100

-200

-200

-

-80

-80

1

9,749 14,261

60 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-62

Consolidated statement of cash flows
SEKm
Operating activities Net operating income Management and administrative expenses Reversal of depreciation and amortisation Adjustment item Interest received Interest paid Tax paid Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital
Cash flow from changes in working capital Change in operating receivables Change in operating liabilities Cash flow from operating activities
Investing activities Acquisition of properties Acquisition of property, plant and equipment Purchase of financial investments Investment in existing properties Acquisitions of Companies, liquidity 1) Divestment of properties Sale of financial investments Acquisition of associated companies Dividend paid from associated companies Cash flow from investing activities
Financing activities New issue Dividend paid preference share Borrowings Disposal of treasury shares Amortisation/Redemption of loans Change in credit facilities Cash flow from financing activities
Cash flow for the year Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Unutilised credit facilities Financial investments
1) Refers to the liquidity that was provided in connection with the acquisition of Companies.

Note 25

2014
1,766 -154
18 11 27 -617 -11 1,038

2013
1,274 -121
17 3
27 -492
0 708

148 155 1,340

-332 126 502

-6,835 -6
-144 -700
19 1,114
219 -420
45 -6,708

-3,606 -12 -218
-880 36 145 7
-67 --
-4,593

-200 6,575
220 -1,232
-4 5,359

-8 208 199

22

350

19

257

1,297 -125 3,865
-- -668 -118 4,252
160 47
208
491 305

F-63

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 61

FINANCIAL STATEMENT
Parent Company income statement
SEKm
Net sales Administrative expenses Operating profit Profit from financial items Impairment of shares in subsidiaries Dividends from subsidiaries Interest income and similar profit/loss items Interest expenses and similar profit/loss items Changes in value of derivatives Profit before appropriations and taxes Appropriations Group contributions paid/received Profit before tax Income tax Net profit for the year/comprehensive income

Note

2014

2013

2

124

99

-139

-113

4,5

-16

-14

26

-

-2

700

-

9

877

660

10

-539

-440

21

-585

374

438

578

-250

-114

188

464

11

115

-99

302

365

62 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-64

Parent Company balance sheet
SEKm
ASSETS Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment
Financial assets Participations in group companies Participations in associated companies Deferred tax assets Receivables from associated companies Receivables from group companies Total financial assets Total non-current assets
Current assets Current receivables Other receivables Prepaid expenses and accrued income Financial investments Total current receivables Cash and cash equivalents Total current assets TOTAL ASSETS
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Shareholders' equity Restricted equity Share capital
Unrestricted equity Share premium reserve Retained earnings Net profit for the year Total equity
Non-current liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions Derivatives Liabilities to group companies Total non-current liabilities
Current liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions Trade payables Other liabilities Accrued expenses and deferred income Total current liabilities TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Pledged assets and contingent liabilities Pledged assets Contingent liabilities

Note

31 dec 2014

31 dec 2013

14

22

24

26

1,822

1,822

15

536

483

11

213

98

616

748

27

15,777

11,506

18,963

14,656

18,985

14,680

17

8

15

18

7

16

19

257

305

272

336

25

165

144

437

481

19,422

15,161

20
21,22 21 27 21 23
24 24

172
3,765 2,257
302 6,497
7,806 936
3,952 12,694
37 5 145 44 231 19,422
5,898 15,028

172
3,765 1,972
365 6,274
5,632 361
2,782 8,775
58 2 6 45 111 15,161
5,008 11,076

F-65

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 63

FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Parent Company statement of changes in equity

SEKm
Equity at 1 Jan 2013

Number of shares
168,396,852

Restricted equity
Share capital
168

Net profit for the year/comprehensive income

-

-

Distribution of earnings

New issue

4,000,000

4

Dividend paid preference shares

Total transactions with the company's owners 4,000,000

4

Equity at 31 Dec 2013

172,396,852

172

Equity at 1 Jan 2014

172,396,852

172

Net profit for the year/comprehensive income

--

-

Distribution of earnings

Disposal of treasury shares

Dividend on preference shares booked as a liability but still unpaid

Dividend paid preference shares

Total transactions with the company's owners

--

-

Equity at 31 Dec 2014

172,396,852

172

Unrestricted equity

Share premium
reserve

Retained Net profit for

earnings

the year

2,473

1,710

387

-

-

365

387

-387

1,293

-125

1,293

262

-387

Total equity
4,738
365
-- 1,297 -125 1,172

3,765

1,972

365

6,274

3,765 -
3,765

1,972
-
365 220 -100 -200 285
2,257

365 302 -365
-365 302

6,274
302
-- 220 -100 -200 -80
6,497

64 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-66

Parent Company cash flow statement
SEKm
Operating activities Operating profit Reversal of depreciation Changes in value of derivatives, realised Interest received Interest paid Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital
Cash flow from changes in working capital Change in operating receivables Change in operating liabilities Cash flow from operating activities
Investing activities Acquisition of property, plant and equipment Purchase of financial investments Change in lending to group companies Change in lending to associated companies Sale of financial investments Acquisition of associated companies Cash flow from investing activities
Financing activities New issue Dividend paid preference shares Borrowings Disposal of treasury shares Amortisation/Redemption of loans Change in credit facilities Cash flow from financing activities
Cash flow for the year Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Unutilised credit facilities Financial investments

Note 25

2014
-16 3
-11 16
-308 -316

2013
-14 3 37 33
-239 -180

13 41 -262

0 8 -172

-1 -148 -2 ,099
190 219 -52 -1,891

0 -218 -791 -287
7 -62 -1,351

-200 3,075
220 -921
2,174
21 144 165

1,297 -125 1,534
-922 -122 1,662
139 5
144

22

300

445

19

257

305

F-67

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 65

Notes to the financial statements

Note 1  Accounting policies applied

General information
The financial statem ents for Fastighets AB Balder, as o f 31 Decem ber 2014, were approved by the Board o f Directors and Chief Executive O ffi cer on 8 April 2015 and will be subm itted for adoption by the Annual General M eeting on 6 May 2015. Fastighets AB Balder (publ), corporate identity num ber 556525-6905, w ith registered office in Gothenburg, constitutes the Parent Company of a Group with subsidiaries according to Note 26, Group com panies. The com pany is registered in Sweden and the address o f the com pany's head office in G othenburg is Fastighets AB Balder, Box 53121, 400 15 G othenburg. The visitin g address is V asa gatan 54. Balder is a listed property com pany w hich shall meet the needs of different custom er groups for premises and housing based on local support.
Accounting policies
The consolidated accounts have been prepared in accordance w ith the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the Interna tional Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and interpretations by the International Financial Interpretations Com m ittee (IFRIC), as adopted by the EU. In addition, the Swedish Financial Reporting Board's recom  m endation RFR 1, Supplem entary Accounting Rules for Groups is app lied.
The annual accounts o f the parent com pany have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act, the Swedish Finan cial Reporting Board's recom m endation RFR 2 (Accounting for Legal Entities) and statem ents of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board. The parent company applies the same accounting policies as the Group apart from the instances described below in the section "Parent Com  pany accounting policies". The deviations that occur between the parent com pany and Group accounting policies are due to lim itations in the possibilities o f applying IFRS in the parent com pany on account of the Annual Accounts Act.
The parent com pany's functional currency is the Swedish krona (SEK), which is also the presentation currency of the parent company and the Group.
The financial statem ents are presented in Swedish krona rounded o ff to millions of kronor unless otherwise stated.
Assets and liabilities are recognised at historical cost, with the excep tion of investment properties, financial investm ents and derivative instruments, which are measured at fair value.
Preparation o f financial statem ents in conform ity w ith IFRS requires the company management to make estimates and assum ptions that affect the application of the accounting policies and the recognised am ounts o f assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
The estim ates and assum ptions are based on historical experience and other factors that appear reasonable under the existing circum s tances. The results o f these estim ates and assum ptions are then used in determ ining the carrying am ounts o f assets and liabilities, which are not otherwise evident from other sources. The actual outcome may diverge from these estimates and judgements.
Estim ates and assum ptions are reviewed regularly. Changes in esti m ates are recognised in the period in w hich they arise if the change affects that period alone or, alternatively, in the period in which they arise and during future periods if the change affects both the period in question and future periods.
Assum ptions made by the com pany m anagem ent in the application o f IFRS, w hich have a material im pact on the financial statem ents, and estim ates which may give rise to significant adjustm ents in subsequent financial statem ents are presented in more detail in Note 30, Critical estimates and judgements.
The accounting policies set out for the Group have been consistently applied for all periods presented in the Group's financial statem ents, unless otherw ise stated below. The Group's accounting policies have been applied consistently in the reporting and consolidation o f subsidi aries.
Segment reporting
O perating segm ents are reported in a m anner consistent w ith the inter nal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-m aker is the function responsible for allocation of

resources and evaluation o f the operating segm ents' results. In the Group, this function has been identified as the management team which takes strategic decisions. The Group's internal reporting of the opera tions is divided into the segm ents Stockholm, Gothenburg/W est, re sund, East and North, which are harmonised with the Group's internal reporting system . See further in Note 3, Segm ent reporting.
Classification etc.
Non-current assets and non-current receivables largely consist of am ounts that are expected to be recovered or paid after more than twelve months, calculated from the end o f the reporting period. Current assets and current liabilities largely consist of am ounts that are expec ted to be recovered or paid w ithin twelve m onths, calculated from the end of the reporting period. Current liabilities to credit institutions include am ortisation agreed for one year. The company's interest-bea ring liabilities are non-current in character, as they are continually extended, see Note 21. In the parent company, receivables and liabilities from /to group com panies are recognised as non-current, when there is no approved am ortisation plan.
Consolidation principles
Subsidiaries are companies that are subject to a controlling influence, w hich means that Balder owns more than 50 per cent o f the shares or participations. Control means, directly or indirectly, a right to set the company's financial and operational strategies aimed at obtaining eco nomic benefits. When determining whether control exists, potential voting shares that can be called upon or converted w ithout delay should be considered.
Subsidiaries are accounted for according to the purchase method. This method means that acquisition o f a subsidiary that is classified as a business com bination is treated as a transaction by w hich the Group indirectly acquires the subsidiary's assets and assumes its liabilities and contingent liabilities.
The analysis establishes the cost of the shares or entity, as well as the fair value on the date of acquisition of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed. The consideration also includes the fair value o f all assets or liabilities w hich are a result o f an agreement on contingent consideration. Costs related to the acquisition are expensed as they arise. For each acquisition, the Group determines if all non-controlling interests in the acquired entity are recognised at fair value or at the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's net assets. The cost of acquisition of a subsidiary's shares and operations consists of the fair values of the assets on the date of exchange, liabilities incurred or assumed and equity instrum ents issued as consideration in exchange for the acquired net assets, as well as transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition.
In business com binations where the cost o f acquisition exceeds the net value of acquired assets, and liabilities and contingent liabilities assum ed, the difference is recognised as goodw ill. W hen the difference is negative, this is recognised directly in the incom e statem ent. W hen a com pany is acquired, the acquisition constitutes either the acquisition o f an entity or the acquisition o f an asset. An acquisition o f an asset is identified if the acquired company only owns one or more properties. There are leases for these properties, but no personnel are em ployed in the com pany who can conduct business. In a business com bination based on jo in t control, de facto control, the acquisition is recognised at historical cost, which means that assets and liabilities are recognised at the values they have been carried at in each com pany's balance sheet. In this way, no goodw ill arises.
When an acquisition occurs of a group of assets or net assets which do not constitute an entity, the cost for the Group is allocated according to the individually identifiable assets and liabilities in the Group based on their relative fair values on the acquisition date.
The subsidiaries' financial statem ents are included in the consolida ted financial statem ents from the date control arises until the date con trol ceases.
Transactions eliminated on consolidation
Transactions w ith non-controlling interests that do not lead to a loss o f control are recognised as transactions in equity, in other words, as

66 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-68

transactions w ith shareholders in their role as owners. In the case of acquisitions from non-controlling interests, the difference between the fair value o f consideration paid and the proportion o f the carrying am ount o f the subsidiary's net assets actually acquired is recognised in equity. G ains and losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recognised in equity. Transactions elim inated on consolidation Intra-group receivables and liabilities, revenue or expenses, and unreali sed gains or losses arising from transactions between group companies, are elim inated in full on preparation o f the consolidated accounts.
Transactions eliminated on consolidation
Intra-group receivables and liabilities, revenue or expenses, and unreali sed gains or losses arising from transactions between group companies, are elim inated in full on preparation o f the consolidated accounts.
Recognition of associated companies
Associated com panies are considered to be those com panies that are not subsidiaries but where the parent company directly or indirectly holds between 20 and 50 per cent o f the votes o f all shares. Participa tions in associated com panies are recognised in the Group according to the equity m ethod. The equity method m eans that participations in an associated company are recognised at cost at the date of acquisition and are subsequently adjusted by the Group's participation in the change in the associated com pany's net assets.
Participating interests in associated com panies are recognised sepa rately in the consolidated statem ent o f com prehensive incom e and con solidated statem ent o f financial position. Participations in the profits of associated companies are recognised after tax.
Foreign currency
Fina n cia l sta tem en ts o f fo re ig n operations A ssets and liabilities in foreign operations are translated to Swedish kronor, at the exchange rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Income and expenses in a foreign operation are translated to Swedish kronor at an average rate that represents an approxim ation of the prevailing exchange rates on the date of each transaction. Transla tion differences arising on currency translation of foreign operations are recognised via other comprehensive income as a translation reserve.
T ra n sa ctio n s in fo re ig n currencies Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the functional cur rency at the exchange rate prevailing on the transaction date. The fu n  ctional currency is the currency, w hich applies in the prim ary econom ic environm ents in w hich com panies conduct their operations. M onetary assets and liabilities denom inated in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency at the prevailing year-end exchange rate. Exchange differences are recognised in the incom e statem ent, apart from non-current internal balances, which are treated as a part of the net investm ent in subsidiaries and are recognised via other com prehen sive income. Non-m onetary assets and liabilities, which are recognised at historical costs are translated at the exchange rate on the transac tion date. Non-m onetary assets and liabilities, which are recognised at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the rate prevailing on the date of fair value measurement.
Rental income
Rental income is recognised in the consolidated statem ent o f com pre hensive income on a straight-line basis according to the terms of the lea sing agreem ent. The total cost o f benefits provided is recognised as a decrease in rental income on a straight-line basis over the leasing period. Rental income is recorded in the period it refers to.
Other revenue
O ther income is recognised in the consolidated statem ent o f comprehen sive income on a straight-line basis.

effective rate is the interest rate, w hich m eans that the present value of all future incom ing and outgoing paym ents during the interest rate refixing period will be the sam e as the carrying am ount o f the receiva ble or liability. Interest incom e and interest expenses include allocated am ounts of transaction costs and possible discounts, premiums and other differences between the initial carrying am ount o f the receivable or liability and the am ount that is settled at maturity. The interest com  ponent in financial lease paym ents is recognised in the consolidated statem ent o f com prehensive incom e by application o f the effective interest method.
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the construction or produc tion o f an asset, which requires a significant tim e to complete for use or sale are included in the cost o f the asset. Capitalisation o f borrowing costs takes place provided that it is likely to lead to future econom ic benefits and that the costs can be measured in a reliable manner.
Financial instruments
Financial instrum ents are measured and recognised in the Group in accordance w ith the rules in IAS 39. Financial instrum ents on the asset side that are recognised in the consolidated statem ent o f financial posi tion include cash and cash equivalents, financial investments, trade receivables and other investm ents held as fixed assets as well as deriva tives with positive value. Liabilities include trade payables, borrowings and derivatives with negative value. Financial instrum ents are initially recognised at the cost of acquisition corresponding to the fair value of the instrum ent plus transaction costs for all financial instruments, apart from those classified as financial assets recognised at fair value via the consolidated statem ent of comprehensive income, such as deri vative instruments, which are recognised at fair value excluding trans action costs. The financial instrum ents are classified on initial recogni tion based on the purpose for which the instrum ent w as acquired, which affects the subsequent recognition.
A financial asset or financial liability is carried in the consolidated sta tement o f financial position when the company becomes a party to the contractual term s o f the instrum ent. Trade receivables are carried in the balance sheet when the invoice has been sent. Rental receivables are recognised as a receivable in the period when perform ance, w hich cor responds to the receivable's value, has been delivered and payments corresponding to the value of the receivable have still not been recei ved. A liability is recognised when the counterparty has performed a service and a contractual payment obligation prevails, even if the invoice has not yet been received. Trade payables are recognised when the invoice has been received.
A financial asset is derecognised when the contractual rights are rea lised or expire or when the com pany no longer has control over them . The sam e applies to a portion o f a financial asset. A financial liability is derecognised when the contractual liability is discharged or otherwise expires. The same applies to a portion of a financial liability.
Acquisition and disposal of financial assets are recognised on the transaction date, which represents the day when the company com m it ted to acquire or dispose of the asset. Borrow ing is recognised when the funds have been received, while derivative instrum ents are recognised when the contract has been entered into.
Balder divides its financial instruments into the follow ing categories in accordance w ith IAS 39.
Fina n cia l assets m ea sured a tf a ir value thro ug h the co nsolida ted sta te 
m en t o f com prehensive incom e This category consists o f tw o subcategories: financial assets held for trading and other financial assets that the company initially elected to place in this category, under the so-called Fair Value Option. Financial instrum ents in this category are continually measured at fair value w ith changes in value recognised in the consolidated statem ent of comprehensive income. The first subcategory includes the Group's derivatives with positive fair value.

Costs for operating lease contracts
Costs relating to operating lease contracts and benefits received in con nection w ith the signing o f an agreem ent are recognised in the consoli dated statem ent of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis over the term o f the lease.
Financial income and expenses
Financial income and expenses consists of interest income on bank balances and receivables as well as interest expenses on liabilities.
Interest income on receivables and interest expenses on liabilities are calculated by application o f the effective interest m ethod. The

Loan receivables a n d trade receivables Receivables, which do not constitute derivatives, are recognised at amortised cost under the effective interest method. Trade receivables including rental receivables and other current receivables that normally have a term of less than twelve months are recognised at fair value. A receivable is exam ined individually as regards estim ated risk o f loss and is carried at the am ount w hich is expected to be received. Im pairm ents are made for doubtful receivables and are recognised in operating costs.

F-69

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 67

NOTES

forts. note 1

Fina n cia l assets available f o r sale The category financial assets available for sale includes financial assets, w hich are not classified in any other category or financial assets that the com pany initially elected to classify in this category. Holdings of shares and participations that are not recognised as subsidiaries or associated com panies are recognised here. Assets in this category are continually measured at fair value w ith changes in value recognised in equity, however, not those that are due to im pairm ents and dividend income, w hich are recognised in the income statem ent. In the event of disposal of the asset, accumulated gains or losses, which were pre viously recognised in equity, are recognised in the consolidated state ment o f comprehensive income. This category includes unlisted shares which are recognised under investm ents held as fixed assets.
Fina n cia l lia bilities m ea sured a tfa ir value thro ug h the co nsolida ted sta te  m en t o f com prehensive incom e This category consists of tw o sub-categories, financial liabilities held for trading and other financial liabilities that the company elected to place in this category, under the so-called Fair Value O ption. The first category includes the Group's derivatives w ith negative fair value. Changes in fair value are recognised in the consolidated statem ent o f comprehensive in co m e.

recognition of the asset. Assets with short maturities are not discoun ted. An im pairm ent loss is recognised as a cost in the consolidated sta tement of comprehensive income.
Property, plant and equipment
O w ned assets Property, plant and equipm ent are recognised as an asset in the consoli dated statem ent o f financial position if it is probable that future econo mic benefits will accrue to the com pany and the cost o f the asset can be reliably measured.
Property, plant and equipm ent are recognised in the Group at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The purchase price is included in the cost as well as expenses directly attributable to the asset in order to bring it to the location and in the condition to be used in accordance w ith the aim o f the acquisition.
The carrying am ount o f an item o f property, plant and equipm ent is derecognised on retirem ent or disposal or when no future econom ic benefits can be expected from use o f the asset. Gains or losses arising from disposal or retirement of an asset consist of the difference bet ween the selling price and the asset's carrying am ount less directly rela ted selling expenses. Gains and losses are recognised as other operating inco m e/exp en ses.

O th e rfin a n c ia l lia bilities Balder's financial policy, which is updated at least once each year, pres cribes guidelines and rules for how borrow ing should be conducted. The overall objective o f financial m anagem ent is to use borrow ing to safe guard the supply o f capital to the com pany in the short and long run, to adapt the financial strategy and management of financial risks to the com pany's business so that a long-term and stable capital structure is achieved and maintained and to achieve the best possible net financial incom e/expense w ithin given risk lim its. Borrowing is recognised initi ally at the am ount received less transaction costs. A fter the date of acquisition, the loan is measured at am ortised cost using the effective interest method. Non-current liabilities have an expected maturity of more than 1 year while current liabilities have m aturities o f less than 1 year. Declared dividends are recognised as liabilities after the general meeting has approved the dividend.
Trade payables and other operating liabilities have short expected m aturities and are measured at their nom inal value w ith no discoun ting.
D erivative instrum ents Derivative instrum ents include interest rate swaps that are deployed to cover the risk o f changes in interest rates. Derivatives are also term s o f agreem ent w hich are em bedded in other agreem ents. Embedded deri vatives should be accounted for separately if they are not closely related to the host contract. Derivative instrum ents are measured at fair value. Changes in the value o f derivative instrum ents, stand-alone as well as em bedded, are recognised in the consolidated statem ent o f com pre hensive income. The Group does not apply hedge accounting.
Cash a n d cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist o f cash in hand and directly acces sible balances at banks and similar institutions as well as short-term highly liquid investm ents with original m aturities o f less than three m onths w hich are only subject to an insignificant risk o f fluctuation in value.
Im p a irm en t testing o f fin a n c ia l assets On each reporting date, the com pany assesses w hether there is objec tive evidence that a financial asset or group o f assets is im paired. Objec tive evidence consists partly of observable circum stances that occurred and which have a negative im pact on the possibility to recover the cost, and partly o f a significant or protracted decline in the fair value o f an investm ent in a financial investm ent classified as a financial asset avai lable for sale
In the event o f im pairm ent o f an equity instrum ent w hich is classi fied as a financial asset available for sale, any previously recognised accum ulated loss in equity is transferred to the consolidated statem ent of comprehensive income.
The recoverable am ount of loans and trade receivables, which are recognised at am ortised cost, is measured as the present value o f future cash flow s discounted by the effective rate that applied upon initial

Leased assets Leases are classified in the consolidated financial statem ents either as financial or operating leases. Financial leasing exists when the econo mic risks and rewards associated with ownership have been essentially transferred to the lessee; if this is not the case, it is a m atter o f an ope rating lease.
Operating leases mean that leasing fees are expensed over the term o f the lease, based on use, which may differ in practice from the am ount o f leasing fees paid during the year.
The Group has no financial leases.

A d d itio n a l exp en d itu re Additional expenditure is added to cost only if it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the asset will accrue to the com pany and the cost can be measured in a reliable way. Other additional expenditure is recognised as a cost in the period in which it arises. The assessm ent of whether additional expenditure is added to cost depends on w hether the expenditure concerns the replacement o f identified com  ponents, or parts thereof, whereupon such expenditure is capitalised. Even in cases where new components are created, the expenditure is added to the cost. Repairs are expensed on an ongoing basis.

D epreciation m eth o ds Depreciation takes place on a straight-line basis over the estimated use ful life o f the asset..

Useful life

Property, p la n t a n d eq u ip m en t Equipment Wind turbines

3-10 years 10-20 years

The residual value and useful life o f assets are assessed annually.
Investment properties
FoInvestment properties are properties that are held with the aim of receiving rental income or appreciation in value or a com bination of both. Investment properties are initially recognised at cost, which inclu des expenses and borrowing costs directly related to the acquisition. Investment properties are recognised according to the fair value met hod. The fair value is based on internal valuations which are reconciled as required w ith external independent valuers. Fair value is based on the market value, w hich is the estim ated am ount that would be recei ved in a transaction on the valuation date between knowledgeable par ties that are independent o f one another and that have an interest in com pleting the transaction after custom ary marketing, where both parties are assumed to have acted discerningly, wisely and without com pulsion. Both unrealised and realised changes in value are recogni sed in the incom e statem ent. Valuations are perform ed at the end o f each quarter.
Income from property divestm ents is norm ally recognised on the date of possession unless the risks and rewards have been transferred

68 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-70

to the purchaser on an earlier date. Control of the asset may have been transferred on an earlier date than the date o f possession and if this is the case, the property divestm ent is recognised as incom e on this ear lier date. The assessm ent of the date of revenue recognition considers what was agreed between the parties as regards risks and rewards as well as involvem ent in the day-to-day m anagem ent.
In addition to this, circum stances that can affect the outcom e o f the transaction are considered w hich lie outside the seller's and/or purchaser's control. If the Group starts a conversion of an existing investm ent property for continued use as an investm ent property, the property will continue to be recognised as an investm ent property. The property is recognised according to the fair value method and is not reclassified as property, plant and equipment during the conversion period.
Additional expenditure is added to the carrying am ount only if it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the asset will accrue to the com pany and the cost can be measured in a reliable way. O ther additional expenditure is recognised as a cost in the period in which it arises. The assessm ent o f w hether additional expenditure is added to the carrying amount depends on whether the expenditure concerns the replacement of identified components, or parts thereof, w hereupon such expenditure is capitalised. Even in cases where new com ponents are created, the expenditure is added to the carrying amount.
Impairment
The carrying am ounts of the Group's assets, with the exception of investment properties, financial instruments and deferred tax assets, are tested on each balance sheet date to determ ine if there is any indi cation o f an im pairm ent need. If such indications exist, the recoverable am ount o f the asset concerned is calculated. For exem pted assets, as above, the carrying am ount is tested in accordance w ith each standard.
If it is im possible to determ ine significant independent cash flow s to an individual asset, the assets should be grouped, in conjunction with im pairm ent testing, at the lowest level at which it is possible to identify significant independent cash flow s - a so-called cash generating unit. An im pairm ent loss is recognised when the carrying am ount of the asset or cash generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount. Any im pairm ent loss is recognised in the incom e statem ent.
The recoverable am ount o f assets in the category loan receivables and trade receivables, w hich are recognised at am ortised cost, is m ea sured as the present value of future cash flows discounted by the effec tive rate that applied upon initial recognition of the asset. Assets with short maturities are not discounted.
The recoverable am ount on other assets is the higher of the fair value less selling expenses and the value in use. In calculating value in use, future cash flow s are discounted using a discount facto r that takes into account the risk-free rate o f interest and the risk associated w ith the specific asset. For an asset that does not generate cash flow s, w hich is significantly independent o f other assets, the recoverable am ount is estimated for the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs.
Reversal o f im p a irm e n t losses Im pairm ents o f loan receivables and trade receivables recognised at am ortised cost are reversed if a later increase in the recoverable am ount can be objectively attributed to an event that occurred after the impairment was made.
Repurchase of own shares
Purchases of own shares are recognised as a deduction from equity. The proceeds from disposal are recognised as an increase in equity. Any transaction expenses are recognised directly against equity.
Cash flow statement
The cash flo w statem ent w as prepared using the indirect method, by w hich the result is adjusted for transactions that do not result in inco m ing or outgoing payments during the period, as well as for any income or costs attributable to investing or financing activities.
Remuneration to employees
Sh o rt-term em p lo yee b enefits Short-term employee benefits are calculated w ithout discounting and are recognised as a cost when the related services are received.
P e n s io n s Pension plans are classified as either defined benefit or defined contri bution plans. The plans are predom inantly defined contribution plans.

Defined benefit plans only exist in exceptional cases. D efin ed co ntrib utio n plans For defined contribution plans, the Group pays contributions to privat ely managed pension insurance plans on a voluntary basis. The Group has no further paym ent obligations once the contributions have been paid; that is, the individual carries the risk. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due for pay ment. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or decrease in future paym ents could accrue to the Group.
C om p en satio n on te rm in atio n o f em p lo ym en tg A provision is recognised in conjunction w ith term ination o f em ploy ment only if the com pany is unquestionably obligated to term inate em ploym ent prior to the scheduled tim e or when rem uneration is paid as an offer to encourage voluntary resignation.
Provisions
Provisions are recognised in the balance sheet when the Group has an existing legal or inform al obligation as a result o f past events, and it is probable that an o utflow o f financial resources will be required to settle the obligation and that the am ount can be reliably estim ated. In cases where the e ffect o f paym ent tim in g is significant, provisions are cal culated by discounting the expected future cash flow at an interest rate before tax that reflects current market assessm ents of the tim e value of money and, if applicable, the risks specific to the liability.
Taxes
Income taxes consist o f current ta x and deferred tax. Income ta x is recognised in the income statem ent except when underlying transac tions are recognised in other com prehensive incom e or directly against equity, whereupon the associated tax effect is recognised in other com  prehensive incom e or in equity. Current ta x is ta x that shall be paid or received in respect o f the current year, using the ta x rates w hich are enacted or w hich in practice are enacted on the balance sheet date. This includes adjustm ents of current tax relating to prior periods.
Deferred taxes are estim ated in accordance w ith the liability met hod, based on tem porary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts. Temporary differences not taken into consideration are tem porary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill, the initial recognition of assets and liabilities that are not business com binations and that on the transaction date did not affect the recognised or taxable result. Furthermore, temporary dif ferences are not taken into consideration that are attributable to invest m ents in subsidiaries and w hich are not expected to be reversed w ithin the foreseeable future. The m easurem ent o f deferred tax is based on how the carrying am ounts o f assets or liabilities are expected to be rea lised or settled. Deferred ta x is measured using the tax rates and tax regulations w hich were enacted or were in practice enacted on the balance sheet date. Deferred ta x assets and liabilities are recognised net if they concern the same tax authority (country).
Deferred tax assets related to deductible tem porary differences and loss carry-forw ards are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that they can be utilised. The value o f deferred tax assets is reduced when it is no longer considered probable that they can be utilised.
W hen a com pany is acquired, the acquisition constitutes either the acquisition o f an entity or the acquisition o f an asset. An acquisition of an asset is identified if the acquired com pany only owns one or more properties. There are leases for these properties, but no personnel are employed in the com pany who can conduct business. In case o f recogni tion as an acquisition o f assets, no deferred tax is recognised. All of Balder's completed acquisitions have been classified as acquisition of assets and therefore no deferred ta x is recognised relating to properties in respect o f these acquisitions.
Contingent liabilities
A contingent liability is recognised when a possible obligation arises from past events whose existence will only be confirm ed by one or more uncertain future events or when an obligation exists that is not recognised as a liability or provision, since it is not probable that an out flow o f resources will be required.
New and amended standards adopted by the Group
The follow ing standards are applied by the Group for the first tim e for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2014 and have an im pact on the consolidated financial statements:

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 69 F-71

NOTES

Note 1 (continued)

The im plem entation o f IFRS 10 "Consolidated Financial Statements", IFRS 11 "Joint Arrangem ents" and IFRS 12 "Disclosure o f Interests in Other Entities" has only had an im pact in terms o f supplem entary disclosures.
Other standards, am endments and interpretations that became effective for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2014 have not had any material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
New standards and interpretations that have not yet been applied by the Group
A number of new standards and interpretations entered into effect for annual periods starting on 1 January 2014 and have not been adopted on preparation of these financial statem ents. None of these are expec ted to have any material impact on the consolidated financial state ments with the exception o f the following:
IFRS 9 "Financial instrum ents" deals with classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets and liabilities. The complete version o f IFRS 9 w as published in July 2014. It replaces the parts o f IAS 39 that deal with classification and measurement of financial instrum ents. The standard will be applied for annual periods beginning on or after 1 Janu ary 2018. Earlier application is perm itted. The Group has still not evalua ted the effects of introducing the standard.
IFRS 15 "Revenue from Contracts w ith Custom ers" prescribes how reve nue recognition should occur. The principles that IFRS 15 is based on should provide users of financial statem ents with more useful informa tion about the company's revenue. The expanded disclosure require ments mean that information about the nature, amount, tim ing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from a contract with a custom er should be reported. Under IFRS 15, revenue should be recogni sed when the custom er obtains control over the sold good or service and is able to use and obtain the benefit o f the good or service.
IFRS 15 replaces IAS 18 "Revenue" and IAS 11 "Construction Contracts" and the related SIC and IFRIC interpretations. IFRS 15 will become effec tive on 1 January 2017. Earlier application is perm itted. The Group has still not evaluated the effects of introducing the standard.
IFRIC 21 "Levies" is an interpretation of IAS 37 "Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets". IFRIC 21 addresses the recognition of levies, i.e. various types o f levies that may be im posed on an entity by a governm ental, or equivalent body, by law and/or regulation, which for the Group im pacts the recognition of property tax. The obligating event that gives rise to a liability is the event that triggers the paym ent o f a levy. The interpretation will become effective for annual periods begin ning after 17 June 2014 according to the EU. The interpretation will not affect the Group on a full-year basis, however, the liability for property ta x will be recognised as o f 1 January and the cost will be allocated after that on a straight-line basis over the year.

Differences between the Group and the Parent Company accounting policies
The accounting policies set out for the parent company have been app lied consistently for all periods presented in the parent com pany's financial statements.
Classification a n d fo rm a t The parent company's income statem ent and balance sheet are prepa red according to the Swedish Annual Accounts Act's layout. The d iffe  rence from IAS 1 "Presentation of Financial Statements", which is app lied in the presentation o f the consolidated accounts, is m ainly related to recognition of financial income and expenses and shareholders' equity.
Subsidiaries a n d associated com panies Holdings in subsidiaries and associated com panies are recognised in the parent company financial statements according to the cost method. Dividends received are only reported as incom e provided that they per tain to profits earned subsequent to the acquisition. Dividends which exceed this earned profit are treated as a repayment of the investment and reduce the carrying amount of the participation.
Revenue The parent com pany's net sales consist o f m anagem ent services in rela tion to subsidiaries. This revenue is recognised in the period it relates to.
A n ticip a te d d ividends Anticipated dividends from subsidiaries are recognised in cases where the parent com pany has the exclusive right to decide on the size o f the dividend and the parent company has made a decision on the size of the dividend before having published its financial statements.
Fina n siella g aran tier The parent company's financial guarantee contracts mainly consist of loan guarantees on behalf of subsidiaries and associated companies. Financial guarantees mean that the company has an obligation to com pensate the holder of a debt instrum ent for losses that they incur because a particular debtor does not complete payment on maturity according to the term s of the agreem ent. For recognition of financial guarantee contracts, the parent com pany applies RFR 2 p. 72, which im plies relief compared to the rules in IAS 39 as regards financial gu a rantee contracts issued on behalf o f subsidiaries and associated compa nies. The parent company recognises financial guarantee contracts as a provision in the balance sheet when the com pany has an obligation for w hich paym ent is likely to be required to settle the obligation.
Leased assets All lease agreem ents in the parent com pany are recognised in accor dance with the rules for operating leases.

None of the other IFRSs or IFRIC interpretations which have not yet become effective, are expected to have any material impact on the Group.
Accounting principles for the Parent Company
The parent company has prepared its annual accounts according to the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (1995:1554) and the Swedish Financial Reporting Board's recom m endation RFR 2, Accounting for Legal Entities. The recom m endation im plies that the parent com pany in the Annual Report o f the legal entity should apply all International Financial Reporting Standards and interpretations approved by the EU as far as possible within the fram ework o f the Annual Accounts Act, and taking into account the connection between accounting and taxation. The recommendation states which exemptions and amendments apply w ith respect to IFRS. Financial instrum ents are measured according to fair value under IAS 39.

Taxes In the parent company, untaxed reserves are recognised including deferred tax. However, in the consolidated accounts, untaxed reserves are allocated between deferred tax liabilities and equity.
G roup co ntrib utio ns a n d sh a re h o ld ers' co ntrib utio ns The company recognises group contributions and shareholders' contribu tions in accordance with the Swedish Financial Reporting Board's recom mendation RFR 2. Shareholders' contributions are recorded directly in equity in the case o f the receiver and capitalised in shares and participa tions by the grantor, to the extent that impairment is not required. Group contributions are recognised as income in the income statem ent o f the receiver and as a cost for the grantor. The tax effects are recognised accor ding to IAS 12 in the income statement.

Note 2  Revenue distribution
SEKm
Rental income Rendering of services
Total

Group 2014
2,525 -
2,525

2013
1,884 -
1,884

Parent Company

2014

2013

-

-

124

99

124

99

70 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-72

Note 3  Segment reporting

Balder' operating segm ents consist of the regions Stockholm, Gothenburg/W est, resund, East and North. This division is aligned w ith the Group's internal reporting. The management primarily follows up ope-

rating segm ents based on their net operating income, where common property administration expenses have been allocated according to the cost principle. Also see Note 1, Accounting policies applied.

Region SEKm

Stockholm 2014 2013

Gothenburg/ 2014 2013

resund 2014 2013

Rental income

765

584

857

624

402

346

Property costs
Net operating income

-191
574

-165
420

-276
582

-199
425

-108
294

-106
240

Changes in value o f properties and

wind turbines

Commercial properties

921

213

588

180

111

-5

Residential properties

252

48

366

226

270

20

Wind turbines
Profit incl. changes in value

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,747 681 1,536 832 675 255

N o n -a llo ca te d item s:

Management and administrative

expenses

Participations in the profits of associated companies
Operating profit

Net interest income/expense

Changes in value o f derivatives

Income tax
Net profit for the year

Translation difference/participation in com prehensive incom e o f associated com panies
Comprehensive income for the year

Assets

Commercial properties

10,232

Residential properties
Investment properties

2,316
12,548

N o n -a llo ca ted item s: Property, plant and equipment

Receivables from associated companies

Participations in associated com panies

Current assets
Total assets

6,947 2,015
8,962

8,402 3,778
12,179

5,307 3,328
8,635

3,241 3,419
6,659

2,450 2,731
5,181

East 2014 2013

345

192

-126

-84

219 109

17

-16

391

126

-

-37

628 182

1,096 2,914
4,010

334 2,859
3,193

North 2014 2013

156

137

-59

-57

97

81

Group 2014 2013

2,525 -760
1,766

1,884 -6 0 9
1,274

-13

-2 1,625

371

145

64 1,424

483

-

-

-

-37

229 142 4,815 2,092

-154 -121

317
4,977
-532 -624 -693
3,128
17
3,145

204
2,174
-456 433
-412
1,738
-4
1,735

299 1,687
1,986

39 1,522
1,561

23,269 14,113
37,382

15,077 12,455
27,532

96

108

616

748

1,489 1,020

600

633

40,185 30,041

Shareholders' equity and liabilities
N o n -a llo ca ted item s: Equity Deferred tax liability Interest-bearing liabilities, non-current Derivatives Interest-bearing liabilities, current Non-interest-bearing liabilities
Total equity and liabilities

14,261 1,549
22,157 1,086 221 910
40,185

11,196 862
16,342 472 179 990
30,041

In ve stm en ts a n d a cq u isitio n s in: Commercial properties Residential properties
Total investment properties

2,496 1,453 2,528

840

775

10

740

116

564

49

20

87

853

452

212

48

967

19

2,545 1,474 2,615 1,693 1,227 222 788 1,083 583

7,103 2,419

14

655 2,068

14 7,759 4,486

The Group's registered office is in Sweden. Revenue from external custom ers in Sweden am ounted to SEK 2,379m (1,796) and total revenue from external custom ers in Denm ark am ounted to SEK 147m (88). Total non-current assets, other than financial instrum ents and deferred tax receivables that are located in Sweden am ounted to SEK 34,349 m (25,852) and the total o f such non-current assets located in other countries am ounted to SEK 3,130m (1,789).

F-73

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 71

NOTES

Note 4  Employees and personnel expenses
At year-end, the Group had a total o f 313 em ployees (290), o f whom 110 (102) were women. The number of employees in the parent com pany at year-end w as 160 (121), o f w hom 58 (44) were women.
Number of employees
Average num ber o f em ployees (all in Sweden) o f whom, women
Salaries, fees and benefits
SEKm
Chairm an o f the Board O ther Board members
Chief Executive Officer
Basic salary Benefits
Other senior executives
Basic salary Benefits
Other employees
Basic salary Benefits
Total
Statutory social security contributions including payroll tax
SEKm
Board o f Directors Chief Executive Officer Other senior executives Other employees
Total
Contractual pension expenses
SEKm
Chief Executive Officer Other senior executives Other employees
Total
Total

During 2014, Fastighets AB Balder had 5 Board m embers (5) including the Chairm an, o f whom 1 (1) w as a wom an. The Group as well as the parent com pany had 6 senior executives (6) including the CEO, o f whom 1 (1) w as a wom an.

Group 2014

2013

294

243

101

75

Group 2014

2013

0.2

0.2

0.3

0.3

Parent Company

2014

2013

136

117

51

41

Parent Company

2014

2013

0.2

0.2

0.3

0.3

0.9

0.9

0.9

0.9

!

!

!

--

5.1

5.3

5.1

5.3

0.3

0.3

0.3

0.3

101.8

83.4

1.4

1.0

110.0

91.4

Group 2014
0.1 0.4 1.8 32.9
35.2

2013
0.1 0.4 1.8 26.1
28.4

Group 2014
0.3 0.7 6.5
7.5
152.7

2013
0.3 0.7 4.3
5.3
125.1

47.7

43.7

0.8

0.8

55.3

51.5

Parent Company

2014

2013

0.1

0.1

0.4

0.4

1.8

1.8

15.1

13.8

17.4

16.1

Parent Company

2014

2013

0.3

0.3

0.7

0.7

2.1

2.5

3.1

3.5

75.8

71.1

Remuneration to senior executives and other benefits during the year
SEKm
Chairm an o f the Board Christina Rogestam Board member Fredrik Svensson Board member Sten Duner Board member Anders Wennergren CEO M anagem ent team (5 persons)
Total

Basic salary directors' fees

2 0 1 4 -0 1 -0 1 - 2 0 1 4 -1 2 -3 1

Benefits

Pension expense

0.2

--

--

0.1

!

!

0.1

!

!

0.1

!

!

0.9

!

0.3

5.1

0.3

0.7

6.5

0.3

1.0

Total
0.2 0.1 0.1 0.1 1.2 6.1
7.8

Basic salary directors' fees
0.2 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.9 5.3
6.7

2013-01-01-2013-12-31

Benefits

Pension expense

!

--

!

!

!

!

!

!

!

0.3

0.3

0.7

0.3

1.0

Total
0.2 0.1 0.1 0.1 1.2 6.3
8.0

No variable remuneration is paid to any of the company's senior executives.

72 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-74

A defined benefit pension plan agreement has been entered into with the CEO, w hich m eans that an am ount o f SEK 0.4 m (0.3) will be paid out annually to the CEO when he reaches 55 until he is 65. Future paym ents will be limited by the fund's assets by agreem ent. The paym ents are not dependent on future employment. The present value of the comm it ment am ounted to SEK 3.0 m (2.5). The com m itm ent has been secured by a provision to a pension fund, whose plan assets amounted to SEK 3.0m (2.5). The value o f the pension com m itm ent has been calculated in accordance with the Pension Obligations Vesting Act, which does not accord w ith IAS 19. The difference in cost under the tw o m ethods of calculation is not significant.
Remuneration to senior executives follows the guidelines resolved upon at the latest Annual General Meeting. The remuneration should be market-related and com petitive. The rem uneration should be paid in

the form o f a fixed salary. Pension term s should be market-related and based on defined contribution pension solutions. Total dismissal pay and term ination benefits should not exceed 18 m onthly salaries. The CEO's salary and benefits are determined by the Board. Salaries and benefits o f other senior executives are determined by the CEO. In the event of term ination of the CEO's em ploym ent, a mutual period of notice o f six m onths applies. In the event o f term ination by the com  pany, term ination benefits o f 12 m onthly salaries are payable (not qua lifying for pension or holiday pay). A m utual period o f notice o f six months applies to other members of the management team. No term i nation benefits are payable.
The Board has the right to depart from the guidelines resolved upon by the Annual General M eeting for rem uneration to senior executives, if special grounds exist.

Total absence due to illness
%
Total absence due to illness as a percentage of ordinary working hours o f w hich to ta l absen ce d u e to illness o ve r 60 ca len d a r d ays o f th e o verall absence d ue to illness

Group 2014

2013

4.7

4.6

57.4

46 .4

Parent Company

2014

2013

4.2

5.6

51.1

5 4 .6

Distributed by gender, %
Men Women

2014

2013

2014

2013

3.2

3.3

2.7

3.9

7.3

6.9

6.7

8.4

Distributed by age, %
Em ployees 29 years old or younger Em ployees 3 0 -4 9 years old Em ployees 50 years or older

2014

2013

2014

2013

3.5

2.9

3.8

2.3

3.2

3.1

2.2

3.7

7.9

8.0

9.8

12.4

Note 5  Audit fees and reimbursements
SEKm
PwC
The audit assignm ent in Sweden The audit assignm ent in Denm ark The audit assignm ent in Finland Tax consultancy Other services
Total
The audit assignm ent refers to the review of the financial statem ents and accounting records as well as the adm inistration o f the Board of Directors and CEO. This item also includes other duties that the company's auditors are obliged to perform as well as advice or other

Group 2014

2013

Parent Company

2014

2013

2.0

1.6

1.7

1.6

0.5

0.6

-

-

0.1

-

-

-

0.1

0.1

0.1

0.1

0.2

0.7

0.2

0.7

2.9

3.0

2.0

2.4

assistance that is occasioned by observations during the review or im plem entation o f such other duties. Everything else is consultancy. Audit expenses are included in group-w ide expenses, w hich are levied on the subsidiaries.

Note 6  Operating costs distributed according to function and type of cost

Group, Mkr
Property costs Management and administrative expenses
Total

2014

2013

760

609

154

121

914 730

Group, Mkr

2014

2013

Personnel expenses D epreciatio n /a m o rtisatio n Media expenses Property tax Ground rent M aintenance and other costs 1)
Total

153

125

16

17

295

252

113

85

15

12

323

240

914 730

1) Refers to operating costs and administration excluding personnel expenses.

Note 7  Specification of property costs

Group, Mkr

2014

2013

O perating and m aintenance costs 1) Media expenses 2) Property tax Ground rent
Total

331

261

301

252

113

85

15

12

760 609

1) Operating costs include personnel expenses relating to property maintenance 2) Includes depreciation of wind turbines

F-75

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 73

NOTES

Note 8  Operating leases

Leases where the Group is the lessee
The Group has a number of site leasehold rights with operating leases. The lease paym ents are renegotiated at the end o f the leases to reflect market rents. These leases are m ostly due for renegotiation in more than 5 years and am ount to SEK 470 m (270) in total. In the annual accounts for 2014, an expense o f SEK 15m (12) w as recognised in respect o f operating leases in the Group.
No leasing expenses were reported in the parent company. There are also a sm all num ber o f insignificant operating leases, where Balder is lessee, m ainly relating to private cars. Paym ents made during the lease term are expensed in the incom e statem ent on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Leases where the Group is lessor
The Group lets out its investm ent properties under operating leases. The future non-terminable lease payments are as follows:

Group, SEKm
Residential, parking etc. (within one year) Commercial premises
W ithin one year 1-5 years >5 years
Total

2014
1,094

2013
1,114

193 2,918 7,062
11,268

165 2,073 3,634
6,986

Leases for commercial premises are normally entered into for 3 -5 years with a period o f notice of 9 months. Leases for residential properties norm ally run subject to a period o f notice o f 3 m onths.
The average lease term in the portfolio's com m ercial leases am oun ted to 5.9 years (4.9).

Note 9  Financial income

SEKm
Interest income Interest income, subsidiaries Other financial income
Total

Group 2014

2013

75

60

-

-

33

27

108

87

Parent Company

2014

2013

57

50

767

577

53

34

877 660

Interest incom e is mainly related to other receivables. O ther financial incom e m ainly relates to changes in value o f financial investm ents, dividends on listed shares and shares in subsidiaries.

Note 10  Financial costs

SEKm
Interest expenses, borrowings Interest expenses, interest rate derivatives Interest expenses, subsidiaries Other financial expenses
Total

Group 2014

2013

407

369

Parent Company

2014

2013

148

132

198

164

161

122

-

-

216

178

35

9

15

8

640 543 539 440

Interest expenses and other financial expenses are related to interest bearing liabilities.

Note 11  Taxes
Recognised in the incom e statem ent
SEKm
Current tax expense (-)/tax revenue (+)
Current tax
Deferred tax expense (-)/tax revenue (+)
Deferred tax related to tem porary differences Deferred ta x on changes in loss carry-forw ards Released deferred ta x in respect o f tem porary differences on sale Change in untaxed reserves etc.
Total deferred tax Total recognised tax
Reconcilation of effective tax
Group, SEKm
Profit before tax
Tax according to current ta x rate in Parent Com pany Difference between profit for tax purposes and recognised profit on sale o f property Tax on participation in profits o f associated com panies Tax pertaining to prior years Non-taxable incom e/non-deductible expenses etc.
Recognised effective tax

Group 2014

2013

-11
-665 -53 40 -5
-682 -693

6
-343 -45 0 -29
-418 -412

Parent Company

2014

2013

121

-79

-7

-20

-

-

-

-

115

-99

115

-99

2014, %
22 -2 -2
0 0
18

2014
3,822
-841 59 70 4 15
-693

2013, %
22 0
-2 0
-1
19

2013
2,151
-473 -2 45 7 11
-412

74 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-76

Note 11 (continued)
Parent Company, SEKm
Profit before tax
Tax according to current tax rate for the Parent Company Non-taxable income/non-deductible expenses Tax-exempt dividends
Recognised effective tax
Recognised in the balance sheet
Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities
Group 2014, SEKm
Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities relate to the following: Properties Derivative instruments Loss carry-forwards Untaxed reserves etc. Set-off
Total
No non-capitalised loss carry-forwards exist.
Parent Company 2014, SEKm
Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities relate to the following: Derivative instruments Loss carry-forwards Financial investments Set-off
Total
No non-capitalised loss carry-forwards exist in Sweden.
Frndring av uppskjuten skatt i temporra skillnader och underskottsavdrag
Group, SEKm
Properties Derivative instruments Capitalisation of the value of loss carry-forwards Untaxed reserves etc.
Total
Group, SEKm
Properties Derivative instruments Capitalisation of the value of loss carry-forwards Untaxed reserves etc.
Total
Parent Company, SEKm
Derivative instruments Capitalisation of the value of loss carry-forwards Financial investments
Total
Parent Company, SEKm
Derivative instruments Capitalisation of the value of loss carry-forwards Financial investments
Total
F-77

2014, %
22 1
-8 4
-61

2014
188

2013, %

-4 1

22

-1

-1

157

-

115

21

2013
464
-102 3 -
-99

Deferred tax Deferred tax

assets

liabilities

Net

239 380
-618
-

-2,119 -
-49 618
-1,549

-2,119 239 380 -49 -
-1,549

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities

206 16 -9
213

Net

Netto

206

-

16

-9

-9

9

-

-

213

Balance on 1 Jan 2013
-1,102 191 477 -9
-443

Recognised in statement of comprehen
sive income
-256
-8 7
-45
-29
-418

Acquisitions and disposals of companies
-
-
0
0 0

Balance on 31 Dec 2013
-1,359 104 432 -39
-862

Balance on 1 Jan 2014

Recognised in statement of comprehen
sive income

Acquisitions and disposals of companies

Balance on 31 Dec 2014

-1,359 104 432 -39
-862

-759 135 -53 -5
-682

-1

-2,119

-

239

0

380

-5

-49

-6 -1,549

Balance on 1 Jan 2013
154 43 1
198

Recognised in statement of comprehen
sive income
-74
-20
-5
-99

Acquisitions and disposals of companies
-
-
-
-

Balance on 31 Dec 2013
79 23 -4
98

Balance on 1 Jan 2014
79 23 -4
98

Recognised in statement of comprehen
sive income
126
-7
-5
115

Acquisitions and disposals of companies
-
-
-

Balance on 31 Dec 2014
206 16 -9
213

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 75

NOTES

Note 12  Earnings per ord in ary share
The calculation of earnings per ordinary share has been based on the net profit for the year attributable to holders o f ordinary shares in the parent com pany am ounting to SEK 2,928 m (1,613), after taking account o f the participation o f preference shares in net profit for the period and on a weighted average number of shares during the year am ounting to 161,785,759 shares (159,537,252).
No dilution occurred during the year or the preceding year.

Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares

Parent Company, thousands of shares

2014

Total number of shares, 1 January
Effect o f newly issued shares
Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares during the year

159,537 2,249
161,786

2013
159,537 -
159,537

Note 13  Investment properties
Group, SEKm
Opening fair value
Acquisitions Investm ents in e xistin g properties Changes in value D ivestm e n ts Currency changes
Closing fair value

2014
27,532
7,059 700
2,906 -971
157
37,382

2013
22,278
3,606 880 839
-129 59
27,532

Investm ent properties are recognised at fair value in the consolidated statem ent o f financial position and the changes in value are recognised in the consolidated statem ent o f com prehensive incom e. All investm ent properties are deemed to be at Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy accor din g to IFRS 13 Fair Value M easurem ent . The fair value o f Balder's real estate portfolio is based on internal valuations. Fair value is the estim a ted am ount that would be recovered in a transaction on the valuation date between knowledgeable parties that are independent of one another and that have an interest in com pleting the transaction after custom ary marketing, where both parties are assumed to have acted discerningly, wisely and w ithout compulsion.
On the closing date, Balder carried out an internal valuation, based on a ten-year cash flo w model, o f the entire real estate portfolio. Each property is individually valued by com puting the present value o f future cash flow s, in other words future rent paym ents less estim ated opera tin g and m aintenance paym ents and the residual value in ten years. Estimated rent payments as well as operating and maintenance pay ments have been derived from current rental income as well as opera tin g and m aintenance costs. The cash flow is adjusted to the market by takin g account o f any changes in the occupancy rate and letting levels as well as operating and maintenance payments. An inflation rate o f 2 per cent has been assum ed in all cash flo w calculations.
Market assessm ents of properties always involve a certain amount o f uncertainty in the assum ptions and estim ates made. The uncertainty in respect o f individual properties is norm ally considered to be in the range o f + / - 5 -10 per cent and should be regarded as the uncertainty that is part o f the assum ptions and calculations made. In a less liquid market, the range can be greater. For Balder, a range o f uncertainty of + / - 5 per cent means a value range of SEK + / - 1,869m, equivalent to SEK 3 5 ,5 1 5 -3 9,2 5 1 m .

Rent payments
The rental trend is estimated to follow inflation taking account of pre vailin g index clauses in leases during their term s. W hen leases expire, an assessm ent is made o f w hether the lease is deemed to be extended at the prevailing market rent level and w hether there is a risk o f the prem i ses becoming vacant. Vacancies are considered on the basis of the cur rent vacan cy situation w ith a gradual adjustm ent to expected marketrelated vacancy rates taking account o f the property's individual conditions.
Operating and maintenance payments
Outcomes, budgetary and projection data as well as estimated standar dised costs have been used in the assessm ent o f the property's future property costs.
Yield
Yield requirem ents and cost o f capital used in the calculations have been derived from com parable transactions in the property market. Im portant facto rs in choosing a yield requirem ent are location, rental level, vacan cy rate and the condition o f the property. The yield require ment and cost o f capital used are shown in the table on page 77. The average yield on the closing date am ounted to 5.5 per cent (5.9). On 31 Decem ber 2014, after Balder's valuation, the com pany's total real estate value am ounted to SEK 37,382m (27,532). For more inform ation see the Report o f the Board o f Directors and Sensitivity analysis on page 46.
Future investments
Balder had tw o projects under construction as o f 31 December. The overall investm ent will am ount to about SEK 1,100m on completion, of w hich about SEK 570m remains to be invested. Both projects relate to construction o f apartm ents in Copenhagen. The first project involves approxim ately 200 apartm ents and is located in Orestad Syd where Bal der already owns housing units. The other project relates to construc tion o f about 185 apartm ents at Havneholm en in central Copenhagen. Both projects are expected to be completed during the first half o f 2016.
On 31 Decem ber 2014, Balder's investm ent undertakings am ounted to approxim ately SEK 570m (830).

Sensitivity analysis +1/-1 percentage

Impact on the value, SEKm

Residential properties

Commercial properties

Rental value Economic occupancy rate Property costs Yield

+ /- 216

+ /- 298

+ /- 216 + / - 78
- 2,282/+ 3,454

+ /- 298 + / - 53
- 3,385/+ 4,774

The sensitivity analysis above shows how a + / - 1 percentage point change in cash flow and yield requirement would affect the valuation. However, the sensitivity analysis is not realistic as one parameter rarely changes in isola tion, but different assumptions are interconnected as regards cash flow and yield requirement.

76 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-78

Note 13 (continued)

Residential properties

Commercial properties

Region
Stockholm Gothenburg/W est resund East North

Cost of capital requirement for discouting of future cash
flows, %
5.5--7.0 5.5-10.5
6.5-8.0

>> >>

m1

1 LT>

00 OQ

컌 O

Yield requirement for assessment of residual
value, %

Cost of capital requirement for discouting of future cash
flows, %

00 00
1 00 k6
o y
rn1 'T

3.5--5.0 3.5--8.5 4.5--6.0 4.5--6.8

6.5-10.0 6.3-12.0
7.8-12.0 7.8-12.0

Yield requirement for assessment of residual
value, %

The average yield require ment for assessment of resi
dual value, %

4.5-8.0

5.3

4.3-10.0

5.6

00 >> 1 00
톝i1

5.2

5.8-10.0

6.0

5.8-10.0

5.3

The yield requirem ent is the single m ost im portant param eter during valuation. Generally speaking, residential has a lower yield requirement, m ainly due to a secure cash flo w and low risk.

Note 14  Other property, plant and equipment Equipment
SEKm
Cost
Opening balance Acquisitions during the year Retirements
Closing balance
Depreciation
Opening balance Acquisitions during the year Retirements
Closing balance
Carrying amount
Wind turbines
SEKm
Cost
Opening balance Acquisitions
Closing balance
Depreciation and impairments
Opening balance Depreciation for the year Impairment for the year
Closing balance
Carrying amount
Total carrying amount
Depreciation is recognised in adm inistrative expenses and media expenses.

Group 2014

2013

53

41

6

12

-

-

59

53

Parent Company

2014

2013

8

7

1

0

-

-

9

8

-29

-19

-6

-5

-2

-1

-

-

-10

-8

-1

-1

-40

-29

-7

-6

18

24

2

2

Group 2014

2013

164

164

-

-

164

164

Parent Company

2014

2013

30

30

-

-

30

30

-80

-3 4

-8

-6

-6

-9

-2

-2

-

-37

-

-

-86

-80

-10

-8

78

84

20

22

96

108

22

24

F-79

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 77

NOTES

Note 15  Participations in associated companies

Participations in associated com panies are recognised in the Group using the equity method and in the Parent Com pany using the cost method.

Accumulated cost
SEKm

Group 2014

2013

Parent Company

2014

2013

Opening balance Acquisition of associated companies Disposal o f associated Companies Dividend Participations in the profits o f associated com panies after tax Change in shareholders' equity o f associated com panies
Closing balance

1,020

760

483

421

420

67

153

62

-224

_

-100

_

-45

_

_

_

317

204

_

_

1

-11

_

_

1,489

1,020

536

483

Participating interest in associated companies' statements of comprehensive income
Group, SEKm
Rental income Property costs
Net operating income
Changes in value o f properties, unrealised Management and administrative expenses O ther operating incom e 1)
Operating profit
Net interest income/expense Changes in value o f derivatives, unrealised
Profit before tax
Tax
Net profit for the year
Profit from property management before tax 1) Relates to Collector AB and Bovieran Holding AB.
Summary of participating interest in associated companies' statements of financial position
Group, SEKm
Assets Shareholders' equity including shareholders' loan Liabilities

2014

2013

180

179

-35

-40

145

140

176

99

-13

-8

131

100

439

331

-68

-74

_

1

371

257

-54

-53

317

204

195

157

2014
3,717 1,489 2,228

2013
2,786 1,146 1,640

Group holdings of participations in associated companies in 2014

Company

Corporate identity number

Registered office

Number of shares

Share, %

Value of share of equity in the
Group, SEKm

Collector AB Tulia AB Bovieran Holding AB 1 Fastighets AB Centur M tesplatsen Intressenter AB Bergsspiran AB Fix Holding AB Proximion Holding AB Balder Skne AB Frsta Lnggatan Fastighet I GBG HB
Total

556560-0797 556712-9811 556813-3168 556813-6369 556859-0417 556736-4475 556949-3702 556915-7331 556899-9230
916851-7259

Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg
Stockholm Alingss
Gothenburg Gothenburg
Stockholm Gothenburg
Gothenburg

8,220,380 50,000 8,070 500 320 250 50,000 50,000 1,000
_

48

698

50

243

80

68

50

195

32

12

25

0

50

0

34

6

50

36

50

231

1,489

1) The company was not consolidated on 31 December 2014, as the holding of over 50 per cent was deemed to be of a temporary nature

Carrying amount in Parent Company, SEKm
517 _ _ 4 15 0 _ _ _
_
536

78 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-80

Note 15 (continued)

Group holdings of participations in associated companies in 2013

Company
Collector AB Tulia AB Bovieran Holding AB Fastighets AB Centur Akroterion Fastighets AB Mtesplatsen Intressenter AB Bergsspiran AB Fix Holding AB Proximion Holding AB Balder Skne AB
Total

Corporate identity number
556560-0797 556712-9811 556813-3168 556813-6369 556714-5478 556859-0417 556736-4475 556949-3702 556915-7331 556899-9230

Registered office
Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg
Stockholm Stockholm
Alingss Gothenburg Gothenburg
Stockholm Gothenburg

Number of shares
5,596,806 50,000 5,000 500 500 320 250 50,000 50,000 1,000

Share, %
44 50 50 50 50 32 25 50 34 50

Value of share of equity in the
Group, SEKm
469 218
47 89 176 14
0 0 6 0
1,020

Carrying amount in Parent Company, SEKm
364 4
100 15 0 -
483

Note 16  Kundfordringar
Trade receivables are carried at the am ount which is expected to be received. All trade receivables that have fallen due for more than 30 days are assessed individually as regards a risk o f loss. Im pairm ents are

Age distribution of trade receivables
Group, SEKm
-3 0 days 31-60 days 61-90 days 91 days-
Total
Doubtful trade receivables
Trade receivables, net

2014

2013

10

17

9

3

0

2

17

26

36

48

-17

-25

19

23

made for doubtful receivables. The net profit for 2014 w as charged w ith SEK 10m (11) in respect o f expected bad debt losses. The receiva bles are o f a short-term character and therefore the carrying amount corresponds to fair value.

Doubtful trade receivables

Group, SEKm

2014

2013

Opening balance Acquired opening balance Paid doubtful trade receivables Reversed actual bad debt losses Doubtful trade receivables during the year
Closing balance

-25

-41

-

-1

10

9

9

18

-10

-11

-17

-25

Note 17  Other receivables

SEKm
Other receivables

Group

2014

2013

80

65

Parent Company

2014

2013

8

15

Other receivables are of a short-term character and therefore the car rying amount corresponds with the fair value.

Note 18  Prepaid expenses and accrued income

SEKm
Insurance Interest income Rental income Property costs Other items
Total

Group 2014

2013

4

5

2

8

16

2

14

9

9

8

45

32

Parent Company

2014

2013

-

-

2

8

-

2

-

-

5

6

7

16

Not 19 텳inancial investments
SEKm
Quoted securities Shares and bonds
Total
Financial investm ents are measured at fair value through profit and loss (see Note 9).

Group 2014

2013

Parent Company

2014

2013

257

305

257

305

257

305

257

305

F-81

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 79

NOTES

Note 20  Share capital

On 31 Decem ber 2014, the registered share capital consisted of 172,396,852 ordinary shares, of which 11,229,432 were Class A shares and 151,167,420 Class B, and 10,000,000 preference shares. During the year, the company sold all of its 2,859,600 repurchased Class B shares. Each Class A share carries one vote, and each Class B share and prefe

rence share carries one tenth of one vote. An ordinary share entitles its holder to a dividend that is determined in due course while a preference share entitles its holder to an annual dividend of SEK 20.00 per share. Shareholdings provide entitlem ent to voting rights at the AGM.

Share capital trend

Day Month
27 June 18 August 18 August

Year
2005 2005 2005

18 August 18 August 18 August

2005 2005 2005

27 January 2006

9 October 2006

2008

28 August 2009

4 June

2010

1 February 2011

20 May

2011

16 June

2011

31 January 11 October 24 May

2012 2012 2013

22 October 2013

19 March 2014 31 December 2014

Event

Change in number of shares

Start date

Issue in kind

2,000,002

Reduction of the share capital by

decreasing nominal amount

-

Issue in kind

1,287,731,380

Set-off issue

18,846,514

Consolidation of nominal amount to SEK 1

-1,370,124,360

Issue in kind

1,000,000

Issue in kind

1,380,000

Repurchase, treasury shares

-476,600

Issue in kind

9,171,502

Bonus issue

76,173,426

New issue

6,700,000

Bonus issue

54,132,284

Directed new issue of preference shares

4,000,000

Set-off issue preference share

1,000,000

Set-off issue preference share

1,000,000

Directed new issue of preference shares

500,000

Directed new issue of preference shares

3,500,000

Disposal of repurchased shares

2,859,600

-

Total number of shares
75,386,104 77,386,106
77,386,106 1,365,117,486 1,383,964,000
13,839,640 14,839,640 16,219,640 16,219,640 25,391,142 101,564,568 108,264,568 162,396,852
166,396,852 167,396,852 168,396,852
168,896,852
172,396,852 172,396,852 172,396,852

Total number of outstanding shares
75,386,104 77,386,106
77,386,106 1,365,117,486 1,383,964,000
13,839,640 14,839,640 16,219,640 15,743,040 24,914,542 99,658,168 106,358,168 159,537,252
163,537,252 164,537,252 165,537,252
166,037,252
169,537,252 172,396,852 172,396,852

Quota value per share, SEK
1.00 1.00
0.01 0.01 0.01
1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00
1.00 1.00 1.00
1.00
1.00 1.00 1.00

Change in share capital, SEK
2,000,002
-76,612,245 12,877,314 188,465
1,000,000 1,380,000
9,171,502
6,700,000
-
4,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
500,000
3,500,000 -

Total share capital, SEK
75,386,104 77,386,106
773,861 13,651,175 13,839,640
13,839,640 14,839,640 16,219,640 16,219,640 25,391,142 101,564,568 108,264,568 162,396,852
166,396,852 167,396,852 168,396,852
168,896,852
172,396,852 172,396,852 172,396,852

The Group has made the assessment that the outstanding preference shares constitute equity instrum ents. This assessm ent is based on the fact that both the dividend and redemption o f preference shares require a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders where the ordinary shareholders have a majority. Thus, it is discretionary for the company whether payment or redemption of these preference shares occurs and

consequently no contractual obligation exists to pay out funds, which means that the instrum ent should be classified as equity.
The Board will propose to the AGM that no dividend on ordinary shares (-) should be declared and a dividend o f SEK 20.00 per share for preference shares should be declared (20.00). All issued shares are fully paid-up.

Note 21  Financial risks and financial policies

Balder is financed by equity and liabilities, where the m ajority o f the lia bilities consist o f interest-bearing liabilities. The proportion o f equity is im pacted by the chosen level o f financial risk, which in turn is impacted by lenders' equity requirements for offering market-related financing. Balder's long-term goals for the capital structure are that the equity/ assets ratio should not be less than 35 per cent over tim e and that the interest coverage ratio over tim e should not be less than 1.5 tim es.
Financial policy
The Group is exposed to five different kinds o f financial risks through its operations. Financial risks refer to interest risk, liquidity risk, refinancing risk, price risk and credit risk. The financial policy prescribes guidelines and rules for how the financial operations shall be conducted and e sta blishes the division o f responsibilities and adm inistrative rules. Depar tures from the Group's financial policy require the approval of the Board. Responsibility for the Group's financial transactions and risks is managed centrally by the parent company's financial department. Financial risk is managed at a portfolio level. Financial transactions shall be conducted based on an assessm ent o f the Group's overall needs rela tin g to liquidity, financing and interest risk.
Financial policy goals: 톞he equity/assets ratio should exceed 35 per cent over time, 톞he interest coverage ratio should not be less than 1.5 tim es,  secure the short-term and long-term supply of capital,  obtain a stable long-term capital structure.

The Group has market-related covenants for its funding. These were fu l filled during the financial year. The goals are followed up regularly in reports to the Board prior to presentation o f the com pany's interim reports.

Outcome

Financial goals

Goal

2014

2013

Equity/assets ratio, % Interest coverage ratio, tim es

35.0

35.5

37.3

1.5

3.4

2.9

Capital risk
The Group's goal as regards the capital structure is to secure the Group's ability to continue its operations, so that it can continue to generate a return to shareholders and value for other stakeholders.

Refinancing risk
Refinancing risk refers to the risk that Balder may not be able to obtain refinancing in the future or only at a significantly increased cost. Balder has signed credit com m itm ents of SEK 1,000m, which are intended as a back-up facility for Balder's SEK 1,500m certificate programme. This means that if Balder cannot issue commercial paper through the pro gramme, the company will utilise its back-up facility for the unissued amount. Balder works continually on raising new loans and on renegoti ating e xistin g loans. Over tim e, 50 per cent o f the loan portfolio should have a credit term o f more than tw o years and not more than 35 per cent of the loans should mature during a single year.

80 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of a lack o f sufficient cash and cash equiF -8 2 alents to be able to fulfil the com pany's paym ent obligations relating

to operating costs, interest, am ortisation and dividend on preference shares. According to the financial policy, there should alw ays be su ffi cient cash in hand and guaranteed credit facilities to cover the day-to day liquidity requirem ents. Regardless o f long-term goals, the Board can decide to tem porarily boost liquidity, for exam ple, to be better prepared for major transactions. On the closing date, Balder's cash and cash equi valents, financial investments and unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK 806m (1,004).

value in the balance sheet and changes in value are recognised in the income statem ent w ithout using hedge accounting. Derivatives are measured based on quoted prices in the market. The changes in value during 2014 am ounted to SEK -6 2 4 m (433). The fair value o f financial instrum ents is based on measurements by the interm ediating credit institutions. The reasonability o f the m easurem ents has been tested by engaging another credit institution to value similar instrum ents at the end o f the reporting period, see sensitivity analysis on page 54.

D u ratio n analysis o f fin a n c ia l lia bilities Cash flow per year as regards financial liabilities assum ing the current size of the Group. The cash flow refers to interest expenses, am ortisa tion, trade payables and settlem ent of other financial liabilities. Net financial items have been calculated based on the Group's average inte rest less interest income and interest allowances.
Refinancing occurs on a regular basis, so no interest expense for a longer period than 10 years is indicated.

Group 2014-12-31
SEKm
M aturity structure, loans Interest expenses 1) Trade payables Other liabilities
Total
Group 2013-12-31
SEKm
M aturity structure, loans Interest expenses 1) Trade payables Other liabilities
Total
Parent Company2014-12-31
SEKm
M aturity structure, loans Interest expenses 1) Trade payables

0 -3 years 4 -5 years 6-7 years

16,740 1,728 74 297
18,839

1,200 1,122
-
2,322

2,183 1,098
-
3,281

>8years
2,255 1,602
-
3,857

0 -3 years 4 -5 years 6-7 years

9,792 1,578
150 465
11,985

2,929 1,020
-
3,949

989 996
-
1,985

>8years
2,811 1,249
-
4,060

0 -3 years
5,854 608 5

4-5 years
1,200 400 -

6-7 years
789 396
-

>8years
587
-

Foreign exchange risk
Balder owns properties via subsidiaries in Denm ark and in Finland. The foreign exchange risk arising relates to the translation of the assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries to the Group's presentation currency. The current exposure is low.
Price risk
Balder's incom e is affected by the occupancy rate o f its properties, the level of market-related rents and custom ers' payment capacity.
A + / - 1 percentage point change in the rent level or the econom ic occupancy rate has an effect on profit before tax of + / - SEK 27m and + / - 29m respectively.
Credit risks
Trade receivables The risk that the Group's custom ers will not fulfil their obligations, i.e. that paym ent will not be received for trade receivables, constitutes a custom er credit risk. The credit o f the Group's custom ers is assessed by obtaining information about the customers' financial position from various credit rating agencies.
An estim ate o f the credit risk is made in conjunction w ith new leases and conversion of premises for existing customers. Bank guarantees, advance rental deposits or other security are required for custom ers with low creditworthiness or unsatisfactory credit histories.
Credit is m onitored continually to follow developm ents in the credit worthiness of customers.
Fina n cia l operations Balder's financial operations give rise to credit risk exposure. The risk is m ainly counterparty risk in connection w ith receivables from banks and other counterparties that arises in the tradin g o f derivative instru m ents. Balder's financial policy includes special counterparty rules which stipulate the maximum credit exposure for different counterpar ties.

Other liabilities
Total
Parent Company 2013-12-31
SEKm
M aturity structure, loans Interest expenses 1) Trade payables

145

-

-

6,612 1,600 1,185

0 -3 years
3,650 537 2

4-5 years
1,251 348 -

6-7 years
433 340
-

-
587
>8years
356 495
-

Borrowing, maturity structure and interest rates
At year-end, Balder had binding loan agreem ents totallin g SEK 22,378m (16,521). The credit agreem ents m ainly consist o f bilateral agreem ents with Nordic banks as well as a certificate programme of SEK 1,500m. (1,000). On 31 Decem ber 2014, the o utstand in g certificate volum e was SEK 675m (685). Net interest-bearing liabilities less cash and cash equi valents and financial investm ents of SEK 456m (513) amounted to SEK 21,922m (16,008)..

Other liabilities
Total

6

-

-

-

Agreem ents can be divided into five categories:

4,195 1,599

773

851

 loans against security pledged in the form o f prom issory note receiva

1) Refers to interest expenses during the period 0-10 years.

bles from subsidiaries w ith pledged m ortgage deeds. The security has been augm ented by collateral in the shares o f subsidiaries,

 loans against pledging of mortgage deeds on property,

Interest risk

 loans against pledging of subsidiaries' limited partnership shares,

Interest risk refers to the risk o f fluctuations in cash flow and earnings

톍ertificate programme,

due to changes in interest rate levels. The key facto r a ffectin g interest

 bond loan.

risk is the interest rate refixing period. Long interest rate refixing peri

ods ensure predictability in cash flow but in most cases also mean hig

Interest-bearing liabilities for the most part are form ally current but are

her interest expenses.

non-current in character, as they are continually extended. One year of

The Group's interest rate exposure is centralised, w hich means that

agreed am ortisation is recognised as current interest-bearing liabilities.

the central finance function is responsible for identifying and m anaging

In certain cases, the security is augm ented by guarantees relating to

this exposure. The interest risk shall be managed using risk hedging

interest coverage ratios, equity/assets ratios and loan to value ratios. Bal

instrum ents such as interest rate swaps, interest rate ceilings and inte der satisfied all o f its guarantees at year-end. Credit agreem ents contain

rest rate floors. The overriding key ratio used is the interest coverage

customary termination conditions.

ratio. On each measurement date, the interest coverage ratio shall

The average fixed credit term in loan agreem ents am ounted to 4.3

exceed 1.5. To manage the interest risk cost-effectively, an assessm ent

years (5.4) on 31 December 2014. The m aturity structure of loan agree

o f the interest risk is made when raising loans w ith short interest rate

ments, presented in the table show ing the loan terms, indicates when

refixing periods based on the Group's overall loan portfolio. Interest

loan agreements are due for renegotiation or repayment. The average

rate derivative transactions are entered into as required to achieve the

effective interest on the closing date amounted to 2.6 per cent (3.2) inclu

desired interest risk in the overall borrowing.

ding the effect o f accrued interest from Balder's interest rate derivatives.

Balder has mainly used swaps and interest rate ceilings to manage its

The average interest rate refixing period on the same date was 2.3 years

interest risk, w hich mature between 2016 and 2026.

(3.5). The proportion o f loans w ith interest dates during the com ing

Fluctuations in market interest rates give rise to theoretical surpluses 3-year period am ounted to 65 per cent (59).

or deficits in respect o f these financial instrum ents, w hich do not directly affect cash flow. Derivatives are continually recognised at fair F-83

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 81

NOTES

Note 21 (continued)

Interest rate refixing period
Year
W ithin one year 1-2 yea rs 2 -3 years 3 -4 years 4 -5 years >5 years
Total

Carrying amount,
SEK
13,960
500
-
3,000
-
4,918
22,378

Interest, %
1.8 4.3 4.7 3.6
2.6

Share, %
62.4 2.2 -
13.4 -
22.0
100

Fair value, SEKm
13,960 500 -
3,000 -
4,918
22,378

The fair value of financial liabilities, which are not derivative instru ments has been estimated by discounting the future cash flow using the current market rate of interest at the end o f the reporting period. The discount rate used in the estim ation o f fair value is in the range 1.5-3.8 per cent.

Carrying amount and fair value of financial instruments

Group, SEKm
Trade receivables Receivables from associated companies Financial investm ents 2)
Total receivables

Trade and loan receivables

2014

2013

19

23

616

748

-

-

635

771

Financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss Derivatives 1)

2014

2013

-

-

-

-

257

305

257 305

Other liabilities

2014

2013

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total carrying amount

2014

2013

19

23

616

748

257

305

892 1,076

Total fair value

2014

2013

19

23

616

748

257

305

892 1,076

Non-current interest-bearing liabilities Credit facilities Derivatives 3) Non-interest-bearing liabilities, non-current Current interest-bearing liabilities Trade payables
Total liabilities
Parent Company, SEKm
Receivables from group companies Receivables from associated companies Financial investm ents 2)
Total receivables

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

15,777 616 -
16,393

11,506 748 -
12,253

1,086
-
1,086
257
257

22,157 16,338 22,157 16,338 22,157 16,342

-

-

4

-

4

-

4

472

-

-

1,086

472 1,086

472

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

221

179

221

179

221

179

-

74

150

74

150

74

150

472 22,452 16,671 23,538 17,143 23,538 17,147

-

-

-

-

305

-

305

-

-

15,777 11,506 15,777 11,506

-

616

748

616

748

-

257

305

257

305

- 16,650 12,558 16,650 12,558

Non-current liabilities to credit institutions Credit facilities Derivatives 3) Non-interest-bearing liabilities, non-cur rent Liabilities to group companies Current liabilities to credit institutions Trade payables
Total liabilities

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

7,806 5,632

7,806

5,632 7,806 5,632

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

936

361

-

-

936

361

936

361

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

3,952 2,782

3,952

2,782 3,952 2,782

-

-

37

58

37

58

37

58

-

-

5

2

5

2

5

2

936

361 11,801 8,474 12,736 8,835 12,736 8,835

1) Financial assets/liabilities held for trading. 2) Financial investments are Level 1 in the valuation hierarchy. 3) Derivative instruments are Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy. Derivative instruments have been recognised net as a liability. This liability includes no positives values (51).

Note 22  Credit facilities

Note 23  Accrued expenses and deferred income

SEKm
Granted credit facility Utilised portion
Unutilised portion

Group 2014
350 -
350

2013
495 -4
491

Parent Company

2014

2013

300

445

-

-

300

445

SEKm
Personnel expenses Interest expenses Prepaid rents Property costs Other items
Total

Group 2014
22 70 361 69 17
538

2013
27 74 220 47 8
376

Parent Company

2014

2013

7

9

34

34

-

-

2

2

44

45

82 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-84

Note 24  Pledged assets and contingent liabilities Pledged assets
SEKm
Real estate m ortgages Shares in group com panies Promissory notes
Total
Contingent liabilities
SEKm
Guarantees for subsidiaries Guarantees for associated companies
Total

Grou p 2014

2013

22,358 2,255 -
24,613

17,848 1,469 -
19,317

Parent Company

2014

2013

5,898
5,898

5,008
5,008

Group 2014
1,486
1,486

2013

Parent Company

2014

2013

- 13,542 10,151

925 1,486

925

925 15,028 11,076

Note 25  Cash flow statement
Cash and cash equivalents
SEKm
The follow in g sub-com ponents are included in cash and cash equivalents: Cash and bank balances
Total according to the balance sheet Total according to the cash flow statement

Group 2014

2013

199

208

199

208

199

208

Parent Company

2014

2013

165

144

165

144

165

144

Interest and derivative expenses paid
SEKm
Interest received Interest paid Derivative expense paid
Total
Intra-group interest income and interest expenses for 2014 and 2013 did not affect the cash flow.

Group 2014
27 -419 -198
-591

2013
27 -328 -164
-465

Parent Company

2014

2013

16 -147 -161
-292

33 -117 -122
-206

Note 26  Participations in group companies

Specification of the Parent Company's direct holdings of participations in subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Corporate identity number

Registered office

Number of shares

Balder Storstad AB Balder Mellanstad AB Din Bostad Sverige AB Egby Vindkraftverk AB Balder Danmark ApS
Total

556676-4378 556514-4291 556541-1898 556760-5919
34058016

Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Copenhagen

1,172,306 1,938,000 18,500,000
1,000 80,000

Share, %
100 100 100 100 100

Carrying amount
2014
1,046 150 626 0 0
1,822

2013
1,046 150 626 0 0
1,822

The Balder Group ow ns 100 per cent in 238 additional com panies (201) via the above-m entioned subsidiaries, as presented in each subsidiary's annual accounts.

Parent Company, SEKm
Accumulated cost
Opening balance Dividend/Shareholders' contri bution Impairment losses Acquisitions
Closing balance

2014
1,822
-
1,822

2013
1,827
-4 -2 -
1,822

F-85

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 83

NOTES

Note 27  Receivables from/liabilities to Group companies
Parent Company, SEKm
Opening balance Change in lending to subsidiaries
Closing balance
There is no fixed am ortisation plan.

Receivables

2014

2013

11,506 4,271
15,777

10,571 935
11,506

Liabilities

2014

2013

2,782 1,170
3,952

2,927 -145
2,782

Note 28  Related parties
Related parties
C ro u p The Group is under the controlling influence o f Erik Selin Fastigheter AB w hich holds 51.3 per cent (51.3) o f the votes in the parent com pany Fastighets AB Balder. The parent com pany in the largest group o f which Balder is part is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB.
Parent Com pany Apart from the related parties shown for the Group, the parent com  pany has controlling influence over subsidiaries according to Note 26, Participations in group com panies.
Summary of related party transactions
C ro u p Erik Selin Fastigheter AB has purchased property-related adm inistrative services from Balder for SEK 2m (2). The services are priced based on market-related terms.
Parent Com pany The parent company has performed property-related administrative services on behalf o f its subsidiaries am ounting to SEK 98 m (83). The parent company functions as an internal bank. On the closing date, receivables from subsidiaries am ounted to SEK 15,777m (11,506). The price o f the adm inistrative and financial services is based on marketrelated terms.

A ssocia ted com p a n ies Apart from the related parties described above, the Balder Group owns associated com panies according to Note 15, Participations in associated companies.
During the financial year, the associated companies have purchased management and administrative services for their organisations from Balder am ounting to SEK 23m (14). Net receivables from associated com panies am ounted to SEK 616 m (748) on the closing date. The price o f the adm inistrative and financial services is based on market-related terms.
Transactions with key people in executive positions
The com pany's Board m embers and com panies owned by these m em  bers control 66.9 per cent (66.9) o f the votes in Balder. W ith regard to the Board, CEO and other officers' salaries and other remuneration, expenses and agreem ents relating to pensions and similar benefits as well as agreem ents in respect o f term ination benefits, see Note 4, Employees and personnel expenses.

Note 29  Significant events after the end of the financial year

In early January, 50 per cent o f the property Stockholm M urm astaren 3 w as divested to O scar Properties Holding AB. Balder will continue to own 50 per cent o f the property and will develop the property together with Oscar Properties.

After the end o f the period, Balder also acquired the hotel property Stockholm Snflingan 3 for about SEK 670 m. The property, com pleted in 2009 has a lettable area o f about 22,000 sq.m. Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm manages the hotel operations.

Note 30 텰ritical estimates and judgements
The com pany m anagem ent and the Board have discussed the develop ment, choice o f and the disclosures in respect o f the Group's key accounting policies and estimates, as well as their application.
Investment properties
For im portant assum ptions and estim ates in connection w ith valuation o f investm ent properties see Note 13, Investm ent properties. Balder reports its properties according to the fair value method which m eans that changes in value are recognised in the incom e statem ent. Thus the results can be affected significantly.
Balder perform s an internal valuation o f the properties in connection w ith each quarterly report. In order to quality-assure its internal valua tions, Balder regularly allow s parts o f its portfolio to be externally valued during the year.

Tax
Balder controls loss carry-forwards which mainly derive from operations that were conducted previously. Furthermore, there are loss carry-for wards in subsidiaries. Balder estim ates that it will be possible to utilise all loss carry-forw ards against future profits, under current tax rules.
However, Balder cannot provide any guarantees that current or new tax rules will not restrict the possibilities o f utilising the loss carry-for wards.
Classification of acquisitions
The IFRS 3 accounting standard contains a rule that acquisitions must be classified as business com binations or asset acquisitions, which means that an individual assessm ent m ust be made o f each particular transaction. The assessments of acquisitions made during the year resulted in all transactions being classified as asset acquisitions.

84 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-86

Note 31  Parent Company in fo rm a tio n

Fastighets AB Balder (publ) is a Sw edish-registered limited liability com pany w ith its registered office in G othenburg. The parent com pany's shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap segment. The address o f the head office is Box 53121, 400 15 G othenburg, Sweden. The visit ing address is Vasagatan 54.

The consolidated accounts for 2014 include the parent company and its subsidiaries, together referred to as the Group

The annual accounts and the consolidated accounts were approved for publication by the Board of Directors and CEO on 8 April 2015. The con solidated income statem ent and balance sheet and the Parent Com  pany incom e statem ent and balance sheet will be subject to adoption by the Annual General M eeting on 6 May 2015. The Board will propose to the AGM that no dividend (-) be declared for ordinary shares and that a dividend o f SEK 20.00 per share (20.00) be declared for prefe rence shares for the financial year 2014.
The annual accounts have been prepared in accordance w ith gene rally accepted accounting principles in Sweden and the consolidated accounts have been prepared in accordance w ith the international

accounting standards IFRS referred to in the European Parliam ent's and Council's regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 from 19 July 2002 on applica tion o f the international accounting standards. The annual accounts and consolidated accounts provide a true and fair view of the parent company's and Group's financial position and results of operations. The statutory administration report for the Group and the parent company provides a true and fair review of the development of the Group's and the parent company's operations, financial position and results of ope rations and describes material risks and uncertainties facing the parent company and the companies form ing the Group.

Sten Dunr Board m em ber

Gothenburg, 8 April 2015
Christina Rogestam C hairm an o f the Board

Fredrik Svensson Board m em ber

Anders Wennergren Board m em ber

Erik Selin Board m em ber and CEO

Our audit report was submitted on 2015-04-08 hrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB

Bengt Kron A u th o rised Public A cco u n ta n t

F-87

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 85

Audit report

To the Annual General Meeting of Fastighets AB Balder (publ), corpo rate identity number 556525-6905
Report on the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements
We have audited the annual accounts and consolidated financial state ments of Fastighets AB Balder (publ) for 2014. The company's annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents are included in the printed version of this docum ent on pages 53-85.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements
The Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation o f these annual accounts in accordance w ith the Annual Accounts Act and of the consolidated financial state ments in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU, and the Annual Accounts Act, and for such internal control as the Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director determine is necessary to enable the preparation of annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents that are free from material m isstatem ent, whether due to fraud or error.

and o f its financial perform ance and its cash flow s for the year in accor dance with the Annual Accounts Act. The consolidated financial state m ents have been prepared in accordance w ith the Annual Accounts Act and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position o f the group as o f 31 Decem ber 2014 and o f its financial perform ance and cash flow s in accordance w ith International Financial Reporting Stan dards, as adopted by the EU, and the Annual Accounts Act. The statu tory adm inistration report and the corporate governance report are consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts and consolida ted financial statements.
We therefore recommend that the annual meeting of shareholders adopt the income statem ent and balance sheet for the parent company and the group.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In addition to our audit o f the annual accounts and consolidated fin an  cial statem ents, we have examined the proposed allocation of the com pany's profit or loss and the adm inistration o f the Board o f Direc tors and the M anaging Director of Fastighets AB Balder (publ) for the year 2014.

Auditor's responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents based on our audit. We conduc ted our audit in accordance w ith International Standards on A uditing and generally accepted au diting standards in Sweden. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about w hether the annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents are free from material m isstatem e nt.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the am ounts and disclosures in the annual accounts and consoli dated financial statem ents. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgm ent, including the assessm ent of the risks of material misstatement of the annual accounts and consolidated financial state m ents, w hether due to fraud or error. In m aking those risk assessm ents, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the company's prepa ration and fair presentation of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents in order to design audit procedures that are appro priate in the circum stances, but not for the purpose o f expressing an opinion on the effectiveness o f the company's internal control.
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness o f accounting estim ates made by the Board of Directors and the M anaging Director, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the annual accounts and consolidated finan cial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions.

Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director
The Board o f Directors is responsible for the proposal for appropriations o f the com pany's profit or loss, and the Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director are responsible for the adm inistration under the Companies Act.
Auditor's responsibility
O ur responsibility is to express an opinion w ith reasonable assurance on the proposed appropriations of the company's profit or loss and on the adm inistration based on our audit. We conducted the audit in accor dance w ith generally accepted au diting standards in Sweden.
A s a basis for our opinion on the Board o f Directors' proposed appro priations o f the com pany's profit or loss, we exam ined the Board o f Directors' explanatory statement and a selection of supporting evi dence in order to be able to assess w hether the proposal is in accor dance with the Companies Act.
A s a basis for our opinion concerning discharge from liability, in addi tion to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated financial sta tements, we examined significant decisions, actions taken and circum s tances o f the com pany in order to determ ine w hether any m em ber o f the Board o f Directors or the M anaging Director is liable to the com  pany. We also exam ined w hether any m em ber of the Board o f Directors or the M anaging Director has, in any other way, acted in contravention of the Companies Act, the Annual Accounts Act or the Articles of Associ ation.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Opinions
In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accordance w ith the Annual Accounts A ct and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the parent company as of 31 December 2014

Opinions
We recommend to the annual meeting of shareholders that the profit be appropriated in accordance w ith the proposal in the statutory ad m i nistration report and that the m embers o f the Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director be discharged from liability for the fiscal year.

Gothenburg, 8 April 2015 Ohrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB
Bengt Kron A u th o rised P u blic A cco u n ta n t

86 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-88

Corporate governance

Corporate governance in Swedish listed companies is governed dish Companies Act prescribes that proposals must be appro

by a combination of written rules and practice, by which the

ved by a larger proportion of the shares represented and cast at

owners directly and indirectly control the company. The rules

the meeting.

and regulations have been developed through legislation, recom

mendations, the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance and

Annual General Meeting 2014

through self-regulation. The Code is based on the principle com At the AGM on 7 May 2014 in the Restaurang Palace in Gothen

ply or explain, which means that all rules need not always be

burg, 191 shareholders were represented, holding 76 per cent of

complied with if there is a reason and it is explained.

the total number of votes. All Board members and the company's

Some of the Code's principles aim to create a good basis for

auditor were present at the general meeting.

exercise of an active and responsible ownership role and to cre

The AGM adopted the financial statements for 2013 and

ate a well-adjusted balance of power among owners, the Board discharged the Board and CEO from liability for the financial year

and the executive management, which Balder views as a natural 2013.

element of the principles for the operations. The Code also

means that certain information should be made available on the The following resolutions were passed by the AGM on 7 May

company's website. The Swedish Code of Corporate Governance 2014;

is administered by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board and  not to declare any dividend to ordinary shareholders and to

is available on www.bolagsstyrning.se where the Swedish model declare a quarterly dividend to preference shareholders of SEK

for corporate governance is also described.

5 per share, however, a maximum of SEK 20,

Balder applies the Code, which is intended to serve as part of 톞he Board shall, during the period until the next AGM has been

the self-regulation within the Swedish business community.

held, be composed of five ordinary members without deputies,

톎irectors' fees of a fixed amount of SEK 460,000 should be paid

Articles of Association

to the Board, of which 160,000 to the Chairman of the Board

The company's name is Fastighets AB Balder and the company

and SEK 100,000 to the other Board members who are not per

is a public company (publ). The company's Board of Directors

manently employed by the company. The amount includes

has its registered office in Gothenburg.

remuneration for committee work,

The company's objects shall be directly or indirectly, through  Re-election of the Board members Christina Rogestam, Erik

wholly-owned or part-owned companies, to acquire, manage,

Selin, Fredrik Svensson, Sten Duner and Anders Wennergren.

own and divest real property and securities and carry on other

All members are elected until the AGM 2015. Christina Roge

activities connected therewith.

stam was re-elected as Chairman of the Board.

The articles of association, which are available on Balder's

톋pproval of the Board's proposed guidelines for remuneration

website, among other things, contain information regarding

to senior executives,

share capital, number of shares, class of shares and preferential  mandate for the Board to decide on new issue of not more

rights, number of Board members and auditors as well as provi than 5,000,000 preference shares and/or shares of Class B cor

sions regarding notice and agenda for the Annual General Mee responding to not more than 10 per cent of the existing share

ting.

capital. The new issue shall be used by the company for pay

ment of acquisitions of properties or acquisition of shares or

Annual General Meeting

participations in legal entities that own property or in order to

The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is the company's highest

capitalise the company ahead of such acquisitions or to capita

decision-making body in which the shareholders exercise their

lise the company in other respects,

rights to decide on the affairs of the company. The Board and  mandate for the Board to decide on repurchase and transfer of

auditors of the company are elected by the AGM according to

the company's own shares for the purpose of adjusting the

the proposal of the nomination committee. The AGM also pas company's capital structure and for transferring own shares as

ses resolutions regarding amendments of the articles of associ payment or for financing of property investments.

ation and regarding change in the share capital. To participate

in passing resolutions, the shareholder must be present at the Minutes taken at the AGM on 7 May 2014 are available on the

meeting, either personally or by proxy. In addition, the share company's website. The AGM for 2015 will take place on 6 May

holder must be registered in the share register on a certain

2015 at 3.00 p.m. at the Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel Gothen

date prior to the meeting and notification of participation

burg, Sodra Hamngatan 59-65 in Gothenburg. Information con

must be given to the company within a certain determined

cerning the AGM is published on the company's websitewww.

period. Shareholders who wish to have a special matter dealt

balder.se.

with at the AGM can normally request this if the request is

made in good time to Balder's Board of Directors prior to the

The share and owners

meeting.

The Balder share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap seg

Resolutions at general meetings of shareholders are nor

ment. At year-end, the number of shareholders amounted to

mally passed by simple majority. In certain questions, the Swe 16,310. During the year, Balder sold all 2,859,600 repurchased

F-89

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 87

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

ordinary shares of Class B for approximately SEK 220 m. Balder's work collectively under the leadership of the Chairman.

share capital on 31 December 2014 amounted to SEK

The Board shall also ensure that the CEO fulfils his duties in

172,396,852 distributed among 172,396,852 shares. Each share accordance with the Board's guidelines and directions. These

has a quota value of SEK 1.00, whereof 11,229,432 shares are of are found in the instructions to the CEO drawn up by the Board.

Class A, 151,167,420 of Class B and 10,000,000 preference shares. The Board members shall not be responsible for

Each Class A share carries one vote, and each Class B share and

different lines of business or functions. Compensation and

preference share carries one tenth of one vote. Each shareholder remuneration questions for the CEO are prepared by the Chair

at the general meeting is entitled to vote for the number of sha man and presented to the rest of the Board prior to decision.

res held and represented by him/her. Further information regar

The Board's duties include, but are not limited to the follo

ding shares and share capital is found on pages 13-15, The share wing:

and owners.

톏stablishing business plans, strategies, significant policies and

goals for the company and the Group that the company is

Board of Directors

parent company of,

The Board of Directors is elected by the AGM and according to 톎etermining the company's and Group's overall organisation,

the articles of association shall consist of at least three and at 톍hoosing and dismissing the CEO,

most seven members. The members are elected at the AGM for 톏nsuring that there is a functioning reporting system,

the period until the end of the first AGM that is held after the 톏nsuring that there is satisfactory control of the company's

members were elected. During 2014, the Board was composed

and Group's compliance with laws and other regulations that

of five members and is responsible for the company's organisa apply to the operations,

tion and administration. The Board works according to an esta 톋pproving a new formal work plan and instruction to the CEO

blished formal work plan with instructions concerning division

annually,

of responsibilities between the Board and the CEO.

톋pproving financial reporting in the form of interim reports,

New Board members receive an introduction to the company year-end reports and annual accounts that that company

and its operations and participate in the stock exchange's train shall publish,

ing according to the stock exchange agreement. The Board sub 톏nsuring that the company has a functioning approvals list

sequently receives continual information, including about

and approvals process.

regulatory changes and such issues concerning the operations

and the Board's responsibility in a listed company.

Chairman of the Board

The rules of the Swedish Companies Act apply to resolutions It is the duty of the Chairman to ensure that the Board's work is

in the Board, to the effect that more than half of the members conducted effectively and that the Board fulfils its duties. The

present and more than one third of the total number of mem duties of the Chairman include, but are not limited to the follo

bers must vote for resolutions. The Chairman has the casting wing:

vote in the event of the same number of votes.

톙rganising and leading the Board's work and creating the best

The Board work is governed by the Swedish Companies Act,

possible basis for the Board's work,

the articles of association, the Code and the formal work plan 톏nsuring that the Board's work proceeds in accordance with

that the Board has adopted for its work.

the provisions of the articles of association, the Companies

Balder's Board of Directors is composed of persons who pos Act and the formal work plan of the Board,

sess broad experience and competence from the real estate

 monitoring that the Board's decisions are executed effecti

sector, business development and financing. Most of the Board vely,

members have experience of board work from other listed

톍ontinually monitoring the company's development through

companies.

contact with the CEO and acting as a discussion partner,

Both of the major owners Erik Selin Fastigheter AB and Arvid 톏nsuring that the Board members, through the agency of the

Svensson Invest AB are represented on the Board through Erik

CEO, receive sufficient information and decision data for their

Selin and Fredrik Svensson.

work,

Balder's signatories, apart from the Board, are any two jointly  making sure that each new Board member is given a proper

of Chairman Christina Rogestam, CEO Erik Selin and CFO Mag

introduction upon joining the Board.

nus Bjorndahl.

Theformal work plan of the Board of Directors

The Board's duties and responsibilities

The Board adopts a formal work plan for the board work each

The Board's overriding duty is to manage the affairs of the

year. This formal work plan describes the duties of the Board

company on behalf of the owners so that the owners' interest and the division of responsibilities between the Board and the

in a good long-term return on capital is satisfied in the best

CEO. The formal work plan also describes what matters shall be

possible way.

dealt with at each board meeting and instructions regarding

The Board has responsibility for ensuring that the company's the financial reporting to the Board. The formal work plan also

organisation is appropriate and that the operations are conduc prescribes that the Board shall have an audit committee and a

ted in accordance with the articles of association, the Compa remuneration committee. The Chairman of the Board shall

nies Act and other applicable laws and regulations and the for serve as the chairman of the committees.

mal work plan of the Board. The Board shall perform the Board

88 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

Board meetings F-90

The Board shall, in addition to the statutory meeting, hold Board meetings on at least four occasions annually. The CEO and/or CFO shall as a general rule present a report to the Board. The company's employees, auditor or other external consul tants shall be called in to board meetings in order to participate and report on matters as required.
The Board constitutes a quorum when more than half of the Board members are present. The Chairman has the casting vote in the event of the same number of votes
The Board of Directors' work Balder's Board held 10 board meetings during 2014 of which one was the statutory meeting. Under the current formal work plan, the Board shall hold at least five ordinary Board mee tings, including the statutory meeting, per calendar year. The Board meetings are held in connection with the company's reporting. Matters of significant importance to the company are dealt with at each ordinary board meeting such as acquisi tion and divestment of properties, investments in existing properties and financing questions. In addition, the Board is informed about the current business situation in the rental, property and credit markets. Among the regular matters dealt with by the Board in 2014, included acquisition strategies, capital structure and financing position, common corporate policies and the formal work plan for the Board
Remuneration Committee The remuneration committee has a preparatory function in relation to the Board in questions regarding principles for remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and other senior executives. The remuneration committee shall monitor and evaluate the application of the guidelines for remuneration and levels of compensation to senior executives that the AGM has determined and shall also draw up proposals for new guidelines for principles of remuneration and other terms of employment. Ahead of the AGM's resolution, the Board shall propose principles for remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and other senior executives. Based on the resolutions of the AGM, it is the duty of the remuneration committee to decide on remuneration to the CEO and other officers. The remuneration committee is com posed of all independent Board members and should meet at least once every year. For further information see Note 4, Employees and personnel expenses.
Audit Committee The audit committee shall be responsible for preparing the Board's work by quality-assuring the company's financial reporting, assisting the nomination committee in drawing up proposals for auditors and their fees and ensuring a qualified independent audit of the company. The audit committee shall meet the company's auditor at least once per calendar year. During 2014, the audit committee, which was composed of all independent Board members, has met the company's auditor on one occasion and has received a report on the performed audit. The composition of the Board of Directors, number of

meetings and attendance

Attendance at meetings

Name

Indepen- Board

Audit Remunertion-

Elected

dent meetings committee committee

Christina Rogestam 2006

Yes 10/10

1/1

1/1

Erik Selin

2005

No 10/10

-

-

Fredrik Svensson

2005

Yes 9/10

1/1

1/1

Sten Dunr

2007

Yes 10/10

1/1

1/1

Anders Wennergren 2009

Yes 10/10

1/1

1/1

Further information about the company's Board may be found on page 92 and on Balder's website, www.balder.se.

Disqualification Board members or the CEO may not deal with issues concer ning agreements between themselves and the company or Group. Nor may they deal with issues regarding agreements between the company and a third party, if they have a material interest that can conflict with that of the company. Lawsuits or other actions are on a par with the agreements referred to above. Where applicable, it is incumbent on the Board member or CEO to disclose if a disqualification situation would arise.

Nomination Committee The AGM resolves on the procedure for election of the Board, and when applicable, auditors. The AGM 2014 resolved that a nomination committee should be established before the 2015 AGM in order to submit proposals on the number of Board members, election of Board members including the Chairman of the Board and remuneration for Board members as well as for auditors.
The nomination committee's proposals shall be announced no later than in conjunction with the notice convening the AGM. All shareholders are given the opportunity to submit nomination proposals to the nomination committee.
The AGM 2014 adopted the nomination committee's propo sal that the nomination committee should be composed of one representative for each of the two largest shareholders or ownership spheres in addition to Lars Rasin, who represents the other shareholders. The chairman of the nomination com mittee shall be Lars Rasin. The names of the other two mem bers and the owners they represent shall be announced not later than six months before the AGM. The nomination committee's term of office extends until a new nomination committee has been appointed. If Lars Rasin resigns as chair man of the nomination committee, the company's Chairman shall appoint a new chairman of the nomination committee until the next general meeting of the company.
The nomination committee ahead of the AGM 2015 is com posed of Christian Hahne, representing Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, Rikard Svensson, representing Arvid Svensson Invest AB, and chairman Lars Rasin.
The nomination committee has decided to propose the re election of the current Board members Christina Rogestam, Fredrik Svensson, Sten Duner, Anders Wennergren and Erik Selin. It is proposed to re-elect Christina Rogestam as Chairman of the Board.

CEO and Management The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day administration pursu-

F-91

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 89

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

ant to the guidelines and policies determined by the Board. The CEO shall report on Balder's development to the Board and pre pare the order of business at Board meetings according to an approved agenda. The CEO shall ensure that the required mate rial is compiled and distributed to the Board members prior to board meetings.
The Management normally meets once every month with a standing agenda, including property transactions, finance and overall management issues. The Group Management consists of six persons and includes resources such as the CEO, accoun ting, finance, management, property transactions and person nel.

a new nomination committee has been appointed.
Information to the stock market Balder issues interim reports for the operations three times per year; on 31 March, on 30 June and on 30 September. In addition to this, Balder's reports its full-year accounts on 31 December in its year-end report and publishes its annual accounts in good time before the AGM. The annual accounts for 2014 are now available for distribution and on Balder's website. All documents as well as press releases and presentations in connection with reports are available on Balder's website, www.balder.se.

Audit The company's annual accounts and the administration of the CEO and Board are reviewed by the company's auditor who submits an audit report for the financial year to the AGM.
The auditor reports to the Board on his audit plan for the year and his views on the accounts and annual accounts.
Ohrlings PriceWaterhouseCoopers AB with Bengt Kron as chief auditor, was elected at the AGM on 7 May 2013 as auditor for a period of four years until the AGM 2017.

The Board of Director's report on internal control
The Board is responsible for the internal control under the Swe dish Companies Act and under the Code. This account has been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the Code and is thus limited to internal control over finan cial reporting. Financial reporting refers to interim reports, year-end reports and annual accounts. This report does not constitute a part of the formal annual accounts. Balder's inter

Ahead of the AGM 2015 Ahead of the AGM on 6 May 2015, the Board of Directors pro poses: 톞hat no share dividend shall be declared to the ordinary share holders,

nal control follows an established framework, Internal Control - Integrated Framework, which consists of five components. The components are control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication as well as monitoring.

 a quarterly dividend of SEK 5 per share shall be declared to the preference shareholders, however, a maximum of SEK 20,  guidelines for remuneration of senior executives,  a renewed mandate for the Board until the next AGM, to repurchase and transfer B shares in Balder equivalent to not more than 10 per cent of all shares in the company,  a renewed mandate for the Board until the next AGM, on one or more occasions, to resolve on new issue of preference shares and/or ordinary shares of Class B equivalent to not more than 10 per cent of the existing share capital. It shall be possible to subscribe for the shares in cash, in kind or through right of set off. Ahead of the AGM on 6 May 2015, the nomination committee proposes:  re-election of the current Board members Christina Rogestam, Fredrik Svensson, Sten Duner, Anders Wennergren and Erik Selin. It is proposed to re-elect Christina Rogestam as Chairman of the Board, 톎irectors' fees of SEK 160,000 are proposed to the Chairman of

Control level The control environment constitutes the basis for the internal control over financial reporting. A good control environment is built on clearly defined and communicated decision-making pro cedures and guidelines between different levels of the organisa tion, which together with the corporate culture and shared values establish the basis for managing Balder in a professional manner.
Balder's internal control is based on a decentralised organisa tion with 494 properties, each with its own profit centre, which is administered from regional offices. To support the control environment and provide necessary guidance to different offi cers, there are a number of documented governing documents such as internal policies, guidelines, manuals, the formal work plan of the Board, decision-making procedures, rules for appro vals as well as accounting and reporting instructions. Gover ning documents are updated as required in order to always reflect applicable laws and rules.

the Board and SEK 100,000 to the other Board members who are not permanently employed by the company. Amounts include remuneration for committee work, 톞hat the general meeting resolves that the nomination com mittee shall be composed of one representative for each of the two largest shareholders or ownership spheres in addition to Lars Rasin, who represents the other shareholders. The chair man of the nomination committee shall be Lars Rasin. The names of the other two members and the owners they repre sent shall be announced not later than six months before the AGM. The nomination committee's term of office extends until

Risk assessment The focus is on identifying the risks that are considered most significant in Balder's profit/loss and balance sheet items in the financial reporting and what measures can reduce these risks. The risk management is built into the above mentioned docu ment for the control environment.
Different methods are used to measure and minimise risks and to ensure that the risks that the company is exposed to are handled according to Balder's current policies and rules. The Board conducts an annual review of the internal control in accordance with the formal work plan of the Board. The risk

90 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

assessment is continually updated to cover changes that have a F-92

material impact on the internal control over financial reporting. The most significant risks that have been identified in connec tion with the financial reporting are errors in the accounts and in the valuation of the real estate portfolio, deferred tax, inte rest-bearing liabilities, refinancing, tax and value added tax as well as the risk of fraud, loss or embezzlement of assets.
Control activities A number of control activities are built-in to ensure that the
financial reporting provides a true and fair view at each point of time. These activities involve different levels in the organisa tion, from the Board and company management to other employees. The control activities are aimed at preventing, dis covering and correcting errors and deviations. The activities consist of approval and reporting of commercial transactions, follow up of decisions and approved policies of the Board, gene ral and application-specific IT controls, checking of external counterparties and follow up of results at various levels in the organisation. Other activities are follow up of the reporting procedures including the annual accounts and consolidated accounts and their conformity with applicable rules and regula tions, approval of reporting tools, accounting and valuation principles as well as power of attorney and authority structu res.
Balder's regional offices participate in the basic control, fol low up and analysis in each region. To ensure the quality of the regions' financial reporting, an evaluation is made in conjun ction with the Group's controllers. The follow up at a regional level combined with the controls and analyses at a Group level are an important part of the internal control, to ensure that the financial reporting essentially does not contain any errors.
Information and communication Balder has determined how information and communication in respect of the financial reporting should occur so that the company's information disclosure should take place in an effec tive and correct manner. Balder has guidelines for how the

financial information should be communicated between the management and other employees. Guidelines, updates and changes are made available and known to the employees con cerned by means of oral and written information and on Balder's Intranet. The Board receives further information about risk management, internal control and financial reporting from meetings and reports from the company's auditors.
Monitoring There is an appropriate process for continual follow up and annual evaluation of the observance of internal policies, guide lines, manuals and codes and of the appropriateness and fun ctionality of the established control activities. There is a spe cial process for monitoring that reported deficiencies are remedied.
Different methods are used to measure and minimise risks and to ensure that the risks that the company is exposed to are handled according to Balder's current policies and rules. The Board conducts an annual review of the internal control in accordance with the formal work plan of the Board. Once every year, the Board receives a report from Balder's auditor regarding internal control, risk management and finan cial reporting.
Need of internal audit Balder has a decentralised organisation that manages 494 pro perties from regional offices. Financial operations and the finance function for the entire Group are conducted in the parent company.
There is a controller function in the parent company which monitors the administration of the regional offices and the financial operations in the parent company. Balder's size and decentralised organisation together with the controller fun ction in the parent company mean that a special internal audit function is not motivated at present.

Gothenburg, 8 April 2015
Christina Rogestam Chairm an o f the Board

Sten Dunr Board m em ber

Fredrik Svensson Board m em ber

Anders Wennergren Board m em ber

Erik Selin Board m em ber and CEO

Auditor's statement regarding the Corporate Governance Report

To the Annual General Meeting of Fastighets AB Balder (publ) Corpo rate identity no. 556525-6905

The Board o f Directors is responsible for the corporate governance report for 2014 on pages 8 7 -9 1 and for ensuring that it is prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act.
We have read the corporate governance report and based on this review and on our knowledge of the company and the Group, we believe we have a sufficient basis for our opinion. This means that our statutory

review o f the corporate governance report has another aim and direction, and is substantially less exhaustive in scope, than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) and other generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden.
We consider that a corporate governance report has been prepared and its statutory content is consistent w ith the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts.

Gothenburg, 8 April 2015 hrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB
Bengt Kron A u th o rised Pl t -9 3 ccou n ta nt

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 91

Board of Directors
Christina Rogestam
Born 1943. Chairman of the Board since 2006. Education: Bachelor of Arts, Social studies. Previously President and CEO of Akademiska Hus AB, Chairman of Metria AB and Board mem ber of Lnnbacken AB. Shareholding in Balder: 70,000 B shares, 1,160 prefe rence shares and 3,000 B shares and 2,080 preference shares via company.
Sten Dunr
Born 1951. Board member since 2007. Education: Master of Business Administration. CEO of Lnsfrskringar AB. Chairman of Lnsfrskringar Bank, Lnsfrskringar Sak and Lnsfrskringar Fondliv. Board member of Lnsfrskringar Liv and Svensk Frskring and the Employers' Organistion of the Swedish Insurance Companies Shareholding in Balder: No shareholding in Balder.
Erik Selin
Born 1967. Board member since 2005. Education: Business school economist. CEO of Fastighets AB Balder. Chairman of Skandrenting AB, Board member of Collector AB and Collector Credit AB and of Vstsvenska Handels kammaren, Stendrren AB and Hexatronic Scandinavia AB. Shareholding in Balder: 10,500 B shares and 500 preference shares and 8,301,930 A shares and 57,207,798 B shares via company.
Balder's Board of Directors
Balder's Board of Directors is composed of five people, including the Chairman. Board mem bers are elected annually at the AGM for the period until the end of the next AGM.

Anders Wennergren
Anders Wennergren Born 1956. Board member since 2009. Education: Bachelor of Laws. Lawyer, partner and Board member of Advo katfirman Glimstedt. Board member of Serneke AB. Shareholding in Balder: 2,050 B shares and 214,000 B shares via com pany.
Fredrik Svensson
Born 1961. Board member since 2005. Education: Master of Busi ness Administration. CEO of AB Arvid Svensson, Chairman of Klvern AB. Shareholding in Balder: 2,915,892 A shares and 13,542,540 B shares, all via company.

92 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-94

Management
Erik Selin
Born 1967. Board member since 2005. Education: Business school econo mist. CEO of Fastighets AB Balder. Shareholding in Balder:10,500 B shares and 500 preference shares and 8,301,930 A shares and 57,207,798 B shares via company.

Magnus Bjorndahl
Born 1957. CFO. Employed since 2008. Education: Master of Busi ness Administration Shareholding in Balder: 21,000 B shares
Benny Ivarsson
Born 1955. Head of property. Employed since 2006. Education: Master of Busi ness Administration Shareholding in Balder: 12,494 B shares and 8,500 preference shares and 12,720 B shares via com pany.
Marcus Hansson
Born 1974. Head of finance. Employed since 2007. Education: Bachelor's degree in business and managerial economics Shareholding in Balder: 64,500 B shares

Petra Wing Engstrm,
Born 1965. Head of personnel and administration. Employed since 2007. Education: Business school economist Shareholding in Balder: No shareholding in Balder.
Sharam Rahi
Born 1973. Head of property mana gement and Vice CEO. Employed since 2005. Education: Compulsory school Shareholding in Balder: 737,822 B shares and 788,978 B shares and 20,000 preference shares via company.
Auditor
Ohrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB
Ohrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB Chief auditor: Bengt Kron, born 1965 Auditor of the company since 2009, elected at the AGM on 7 May 2013 for four years until the AGM 2017.

F-95

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 93

Property list

Municipality Name of property
Stockholm Region

Address

Year of

Property

construction category

Lettable area, sq.m.

Site lease-

Industrial/ Education/

hold right Office Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel Residential

Other

Tax assess-

ment value,

Total

SEKm

Uppsala

Arsta 95:1

Stockholm total

 Acquisitions during 2014.

Stalgatan 35-3 9

2005

Residential

208,952 36,122 21,410

4,117

4 ,1 1 7

29,424 62,888 131,140 12,891 502,827

51 5,516

94 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-96

Municipality Name of property

Gothenborg/West Region

A le

Nodinge 38:14

Address Ale Torg 7 m fl

Year of con- Property struction category

Site leasehold right Office

Lettable area, sq.m.

Industrial/ Education/

Retail Warehouse

Care

Hotel

Residential Other

Tax assess-

ment value,

Total

SEKm

2007

Retail

3,920

10,419

10

14,349

106

Gothenburg Backa 171:3

Backavgen 1

1955

Retail

F-97

4,417

4 ,4 1 7

50

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 95

PROPERTY LIST

Municipality Name of property

Address

Year of

Property Site lease-

construction category hold right Office

Gothenburg/West Region (continued)

Gothenburg # Gothenburg # Gothenburg
Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg
Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg  Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg # Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg # Gothenburg Gothenburg # Gothenburg # Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg # Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg # Gothenburg # Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg
Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg # Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Kungalv Kungalv Kungalv Kungalv Kungalv

Backa 21:14

Exportgatan 47 B

Backa 170:1

Backavgen 7

Backa 169:3

Sdra Deltavgen 3 A

Bagaregrden 5:8

Kunglvsgatan 6 C -D

Bagaregrden 5:9

Kunglvsgatan 6 A -B

Bergsjn 34:1

Atm osfrsgatan 1-47

Bergsjn 9:6

Kosm osgatan/Zenitgatan

B is k o p s g  rd e n 7 :1 -7 :3 m fl

Lngstr m sgatan 2 -5 2 m fl

Brm aregrden 60:3 V irveltorget 6 m fl

Brm aregrden 72:4 Brm aregatan 15 m fl

Bur 134:1

O xholm sgatan 28

B 93:2

Sofierogatan 1

G am lestaden 25:11 M arieh olm sgatan 4 m fl

Gam lestaden 26:13 Vassgatan 3

G ullbergsvass 11:2

G ullbergs Strandgata 38, 40

Grda 15:1

Fa b riksga ta n 7, 9

Grda 15:1

Drakegatan 2 -4

Heden 24:11

Engelb rektsgatan 73

H  gsb o 1:1

J A W ettergrens gata 7

Hgsbo 11:10

Victor Hasselblads gata 8

Hgsbo 38:17

Sisj Kullegata 5, 7

Hgsbo 38:20

Sisj Kullegata 6

Hgsbo 38:8

Sisj Kullegata 8

Inom V allgraven 1:13 D ro ttn in ggatan 62

Inom Vallgraven 14:1 Sdra H am ngatan 2

Inom Vallgraven 15:3 D ro ttn inggatan 30 m fl

Inom Vallgraven 16:21 D rottninggatan 1 0-1 2

Inom Vallgraven 19:6 D ro ttn in ggatan 35

Inom V allgraven 2:2 D ro ttn in ggatan 69

Inom Vallgraven 22:6 Kungsgatan 41

Inom Vallgraven 33:7 M agasinsgatan 26

Inom Vallgraven 36:4 Kaserntorget 11 A

Inom Vallgraven 4:2  stra Larm gatan 16 m fl

Inom Vallgraven 4 :4 Lilla Kungsgatan 3 m fl

Inom Vallgraven 54:9 Lilla Torget 4

Inom Vallgraven 58:6 Kyrkogatan 9

Inom Vallgraven 8:1  stra H am n gatan 4 6 -4 8 m fl

Inom Vallgraven 8:19 Kungsgatan 56

Inom Vallgraven 8:20 Kyrkogatan 33

Jrnbrott 145:6

Svngrum sgatan 4 5 -5 7

Kobbegrden 6:725 Datavgen 12 A

Kyrkbyn 147:1

Alm quistgatan 1

Klltorp 36:7

Solrosgatan 13 A

Klltorp 39:1

Rstensgatan 2 A -C m fl

Lindholm en 39:2

Lindholm spiren 4

Lorensberg 46:1

Teatergatan 4 m fl

Lorensberg 46:10

Kungsportsavenyn 17 m fl

Lorensberg 46:11

V asagatan 52 m fl

Lorensberg 46:12

Kungsportsavenyn 11, 13 m fl

Lorensberg 46:5

Kungsportsavenyn 7

Lorensberg 46:6

Kungsportsavenyn 9

N ordstaden 10:15

Kpm ansgatan 27

Nordstaden 10:16-17 Kpm ansgatan 29

Olskroken 10:5

O lskroksgatan 30

Olskroken 25:11

Falkgatan 7

Rud 8:10

M unspelsgatan/Speldosegatan /Tam buringatan

Sannegrden 25:1

Sterigatan 20

Sannegrden 28:5

Sjporten 1 -5 m fl

T in gstad svassen 3:6 M o torgatan 1 m fl

T in gstad svassen 3:7 Kro kegrdsgatan 7 -9 , 2

Torslanda 153:1

M o ssfyn dsgatan 15

Torslanda 155:3

M ossfyndsgatan 10

Torslanda 95:1

Torslanda torg 1 -4

Utby 39:11

Vstra Tvrskedet 3

Klocktornet 36

Vstra gatan 57-6 1

Krabbetornet 1&35 Vstra gatan 8 4-8 8, 90, 92

Nedre Platt 1

stra gatan 1

Rhodin 19

Strandgatan 7 7 -7 9 m fl

Skomakaren 10

Triogatan 5

1989

Other

1968/1999 Other

2006

Retail

1929

Residential

1929

Residential

1 96 7 -1 9 70 Residential

1 9 6 7 -1 9 7 0 Residential

1967

Residential Yes

1969

O ffice

Yes

1958

O ffice

Yes

1989

Residential Yes

1940

O ffice

1990

O ffice

Yes

1988

O ffice

Yes

1977

Other

Yes

2001

O ffice

1937

Residential

1964

Other

Yes

1967

O ffice

1982

O ffice

1986

O ffice

1989

O ffice

1990

O ffice

1986

Other

1929

Retail

1930

O ffice

1929

Retail

1929

O ffice

1929

O ffice

1869

O ffice

1929

O ffice

1912

O ffice

1929

O ffice

1929

O ffice

1929

O ffice

1989

Retail

1850

Retail

1962

O ffice

1940

Retail

1963

Residential Yes

1988

O ffice

1967

Other

1935

Residential

1936

Residential

2013

Other

1929

Retail

1944

O ffice

1929

Retail

1929

Retail

1929

Retail

1950

Retail

1900

O ffice

1929

Other

1985

O ffice

1932

Other

1 96 2 -1 9 63 Residential

1971 1945 1944 1987 1989 1989 1973 1990 1972 1961
1967 1988

Other O ffice Retail Retail Residential Yes Residential Yes Retail Residential Retail Retail Ground Retail O ffice

564
198 3,710 1,192 2,415 2,492
8,417 3,318 5,431
7,158 1,655
11,129 4,050 1,680 2,068 4,138
3,847 2,365
525 254 642 2,189 2,455 2,068 5,819 836 1,815 1,540 956
3,388
299 983
201
1,031
3,034
1,014 782
1,230 64
362 300 244
213
1,781

Lettable area, sq m.

Industrial/ Education/

Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel Residential

Other

Total

Tax assess ment value,
SEKm

1,975

1,834 3,500

281

239

370

639

520

108

2,506

11

3,500

9

1,975

40

584

584

8

581

581

8

22,188

22,667

103

41,610

4 5 ,9 2 9

200

42,756

4 5 ,1 0 7

212

737

3,152

14

889

42

11

3,434

22

302

302

472

316

9,205

81

681

3,999

24

5,110

3,530 14,071

72

5,865

5,865

24

207

511

7,876

122

87

6,717

8,459

150

17,875

17,875

218

3,836

286 15,251

60

4,050

18

1,680

12

792

2,860

19

2,948

7,086

41

26,656

26,656

271

2,637

2,190

4,827

80

379

169

4,395

86

321

86

200

2,972

55

597

1,122

17

1,038

1,292

21

468

1,110

32

897

258

387

3,731

46

10

9,414

4,851 16,730

630

62

1,001

3,761

61

5,819

68

836

14

230

20

2,728

4,793

106

1,629

36

3,205

110

409

1,365

47

803

803

17

3,844

13

3,857

29

3,388

22

520

520

769

105

874

11

791

791

10

13,299

13,299

51

1,288

42

326

1,955

30

572

1,555

32

1,203

1,203

19

2,394

2,394

55

766

967

20

1,176

1,176

31

590

812

2,433

64

113

7,753

7,866

117

1,477

4,511

1,969

292

2,261

430

43,269

10 44,723

331

307 3,493 5,243

2,685 230

4,578

16

116

3,351

840

3,467

18

1,537

23

7

3,794

77

5,243

91

362

300

871

968

6,677

48

351

467

423

3,774

28

430

1,483

12

2,822 478

10

79

1,474

7

2,839

27

312

4 ,1 2 4

31

 Acquisitions during 2014. 96 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-98

Municipality Name of property

Address

Gothenburg/West Region (continued)

Kunglv

Slottstrdgrden 5

G am la to rget 2 m fl

Year of con Property struction category

Site lease hold right Office

Lettable area, sq.m.

Industrial/ Education/

Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel

Residential Other

Tax assess

ment value,

Total

SEKm

1958

Other

26

V  n e rsb o rg Resedan 15 Total Gothenburg/West

K un gsgatan 5 m fl

1994

Residential

35

15

133,287 91,169 50,106 19,725 98,538 383,015 30,029 805,869

5,574

F-99

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 97

PROPERTY LIST

Municipality Name of property

Region resund

DK, Greve Ventrupparken 6

DK,

Staevern restad

Kpenhamn

 DK,

Udenbys Vester

Kpenhamn Kvarter

 DK,

Vestervold Kvarter

Kpenhamn

Address
Ventrupparken 6 Robert Jacobsens Vej 81 Skibbroen 2 Jernbanegade 8

Year of con- Property

struction

category

Lettable area, sq.m.

Site lease-

Industrial/ Education/

hold right Office Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel

Residential

Other

Tax assess-

ment value,

Total

SEKm

1900

Retail

2009

Residential

Residential, Ground

1900

Retail

4,723

6,830

4,723 6,830

5,300 5,300

흒torp

Tranan 1

Total resund

 Acquisitions during 2014.

Fjllvgen 10-12

1991

Residential

43,992 29,047 8,208

3,805

3,805

120 57,435 141,563 17,790 298,155

21 2,275

98 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

F-100

Municipality Name of property
Region East

Address

Year of con- Property Site lease-

struction

category hold right Office

Lettable area, sq.m.

Industrial/ Education/

Retail Warehouse

Care

Hotel

Residential Other

Tax assess-

ment value,

Total

SEKm

F-101

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014 99

PROPERTY LIST

Municipality Name of property

Region East (continued)

Trans

Sdra Framns 20

Address Framnsgatan 2 A -F

Lettable area, sq.m.

Year of con- Property Site lease-

struction

category hold right Office

Industrial/ Education/

Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel

Residential Other

Tax assess-

ment value,

Total

SEKm

1984

Residential

402

402

1

Treboda

Pltslagaren 9

Stora Bergsgatan 4 A -B

194748/1992

Residential

1,849

1,849

5

Total East
Region North

11,038 86,624

694

8,317 272,320 24,017 403,010

1,642

Total North Total Fastighets AB Balder  Acquisitions during 2014.
100 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2014

8,049 405,318

6,601 249,563

322 80,740

13,272 125,835 12,947 167,026 49,269 240,450 1,053,873 97,674 2,176,887

783 15,790

F-102

Definitions

FINANCIAL Return on equity, ordinary share, % Profit after tax reduced by preference share dividend for the period in relation to average equity after deduction of the preference capital. The values were con verted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value.
Return on total assets, % Profit before tax with addition of net financial items in relation to the average balance sheet total. The values were con verted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value.
Loan-to-value ratio, % Interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the period in relation to total assets at the end of the period.
Loan-to-value ratio properties, % Interest-bearing liabilities with direct or indirect collateral in properties in rela tion to the fair value of the properties.
Profit from property management before tax, SEKm Profit before tax with reversal of chan ges in value and other income/expenses. Reversal of changes in value and tax as regards participation in profits of associ ated companies also takes place.
Risk-free interest Annual average of a five-year govern ment bond.
Interest coverage ratio, times Profit before tax with reversal of net financial items, changes in value and changes in value and tax as regards par ticipation in profits of associated compa nies, in relation to net financial items.
Debt/equity ratio, times Interest-bearing liabilities in relation to shareholders' equity.
Equity/assets ratio, % Shareholders' equity including minority in relation to the balance sheet total at the end of the period.

SHARE-RELATED Equity per ordinary share, SEK Shareholders' equity in relation to the number of outstanding ordinary shares at the end of the period after deduction of the preference capital.
Equity per preference share, SEK Equity per preference share is equivalent to the average issue price of the prefe rence share of SEK 287.70 per share.
Profit from property management per ordinary share, SEK Profit from property management redu ced by preference share dividend for the period divided by the average number of outstanding ordinary shares.
Average number of shares The number of outstanding shares at the start of the period, adjusted by the num ber of shares issued during the period weighted by the number of days that the shares have been outstanding in relation to the total number of days during the period.
Preference capital, SEK Preference capital amounts to an aver age issue price of SEK 287.70 per prefe rence share.
Net asset value per ordinary share (EPRA NAV), SEK Shareholders' equity per ordinary share with reversal of interest rate derivatives and deferred tax according to balance sheet.
Profit after tax per ordinary share, SEK Profit attributable to the average num ber of ordinary shares after considera tion of the preference share dividend for the period.

PROPERTY-RELATED Yield, % Estimated net operating income on an annual basis in relation to the fair value of the properties at the end of the period.
Net operating income, SEKm Rental income less property costs.
Economic occupancy rate, % Contracted rent for leases which are run ning at the end of the period in relation to rental value.
Property category Classified according to the principal use of the property. The break-down is made into office, retail, residential and other properties. Other properties include hotel, education, care, industrial/warehouse and mixed-use properties. The property category is determined by what the largest part of the property is used for.
Property costs, SEKm This item includes direct property costs, such as operating expenses, media expenses, maintenance, ground rent and property tax.
Rental value, SEKm Contracted rent and estimated market rent for vacant premises.
Surplus ratio, SEKm % Net operating income in relation to ren tal income.

Calendar

Annual General Meeting 6 May 2015

Interim report
Jan-M ar 2015

6 May 2015

Interim report
Ja n -ju n 2015
Interim report
Jan -Sep 2015
Interim report
Jan-D ec 2015

21 August 2015 4 November 2015 18 February 2016

F-103

o BAL DER

F astighets AB Balder 2014

I 030

This report is a translation of the Swedish

J*

Annual report 2014.

In the event of any disparities between this

report and the Swedish version, the latter

will have priority. Cl

s

Fastighets AB Balder (publ) w w w .balder.se  info@ balder.se  C orporate identity no. 556525-6905
o

Head office

V asagatan 54 Box 53 121 400 15 G othenburg Tel +46 31-10 95 70 Fax +4631-10 95 99

3

Regional offices
Stockholm

D ro ttn in g g ata n 108  113 60 Stockholm 톂el +468-735 37 70  Fax +468-735 37 79 Vrby All 14  143 4 0 Vrby 톂el +468-735 37 70  Fax +468-710 22 70

G o th e n b u rg /W e st W e tterlin sg a ta n 11G  521 34 Falkping 톂el +46515-72 14 80  Fax +46515-71 12 18

T im m ervgen 9A  541 64 Skvde  Tel + 46500-47 88 50  Fax + 46500-42 84 78

S

V a sag atan 54  Box 53 121  4 0 0 15 G o th en b u rg  Tel +4631-10 95 70  Fax +4631-10 95 99

East

H o sp italsg atan 11  602 27 N orrkping 톂el +4611-15 88 90  Fax +4611-12 53 05

K apellgatan 29A  732 45 A rboga 톂el +46589-194 50  Fax +46589-170 45

R  n n b erg ag atan 10  723 4 6 V sters  Tel +4621-14 90 98  Fax +4621-83 08 38

S to rg atan 51  573 32 Trans 톂el +46140-654 80  Fax + 46140-530 35

T u n ad alsg atan 6  731 31 Kping  Tel +46221-377 80  Fax +46221-132 60

resund

Esplanaden 15  265 34  storp  Tel +4642-569 4 0  Fax +4642-569 41 K alen d erg atan 26  211 37 M alm  톂el + 464 0 -6 0 0 96 50  Fax + 464 0 -6 0 0 96 64 G ustav A dolfs Torg 8  252 25 H elsingborg 톂el +4642-17 21 30  Fax +4642-14 04 34

N orth

Forskarvgen 27  804 23 Gvle  Tel +4626-54 55 80  Fax +4626-51 92 20 S an d b ck sg atan 5  653 4 0 Karlstad  Tel +4654-14 81 80  Fax +4654-15 42 55 Tallvgen 8  854 66 Sundsvall  Tel +4660-55 4 7 10  Fax +4660-55 43 38

Letting Costumor service

+4620-151 151 +46774-49 49 49

F-104

Rf

'M / k i
M p JM

ff

#^// f W l

f

h/^T y' f 4 rW / jSA

F-105

C o n te n t
3 Where, how and why 4 Comments by the CEO 6 Comments by the Chairman of
the Board 7 Multi-year overview 8 Balder's performance 10 Business concept, strategy and goals 12 Current earning capacity 13 The share and owners 16 Our customers 18 Organisation and employees 20 Sustainable business 24 Circus - an entertaining history 26 The property market 28 The Danish property market 29 The Finnish property market 30 Balder's property portfolio 32 Residential properties 34 Commercial properties 36 Transactions 39 Sato Oyj 40 Bovieran 42 Property and project development 45 Property valuation 48 Financing 50 Associated companies 53 Opportunities and risks
Financialreporting
57 Definitions, addresses and calendar 58 Consolidated statement of financial
position including Collector AB (publ) at market value 59 Report of the Board of Directors
Consolidated statem ent of
64 Comprehensive income 65 Financial position 66 Changes in equity 67 Cash flows
68 Income statement 69 Balance sheet 70 Changes in equity 71 Cash flow statement
72 Notes 93 Audit report 94 Corporate governance 99 Board of Directors and auditors 100 Management 101 Property list
2 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

The Annual General Meeting of Fastighets AB Balder (publ) will take place on 10 May 2016 at 4.00 p.m. at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel, Kungsportavenyen 36-38 in Gothenburg.
Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday, 3 May 2016, and must give notice of their attendance to the company by letter to Fastighets AB Balder, Box 53121, 400 15 Gothenburg, by telephone +46 31 10 95 70, by fax +46 31 10 95 99 or by email to eve.knight@balder.se. The company provides a power of attorney form on its website www.balder.se for shareholders who wish to be represen ted by proxy. The notification must be received by Balder no later than 3 May 2016 at 4.00 p.m.
Notificativon must include the shareholder's name, Swedish personal identity number or corporate identity number, address, telephone number and the registered shareholding. Shareholders who are represented by proxy must submit a written and dated power of attorney, which may not be more than five years old on the date of the An nual General Meeting. A proxy who is representing a legal entity must submit a certificate of registration or corres ponding legitimacy papers showing authorised signatories. Shareholders whose shares are held through nominees must arrange for temporary registration of the shares in their own name in order to have the right to participate in the Meeting. Such registration must be completed at Euroclear Sweden AB by Tuesday, 3 May 2016.
This report is a translation of the Swedish Annual report 2015. In the event of any disparities between this report and the Swedish version, the latter will have priority.

rk

,

F-106

W

h

e

re

,, h

o

w

andW h U

Baldier owns, manages and develops

residential and commercial

properties and hotels in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. Balder

creates attractive and safe areasfo r people to live in and where new

business can be developed. By having our own personnel in each location,

we are always close to our tenants. In all o f our locations, we want to be a

committed, creative and long-term partner - regardless of whetheryou are

a shareholder, business partner or tenant.

Profitfrom property management. PEPm

Property value, SEKm

Lettable area, %
Otheti, 9
R etad. 6

Oyiae, 12 Reudm iud. 72 500

Comments by the CEO
Creating good new relationships and maintaining existing ones is something that I consider to be invaluable and it is
alsofun fo r me and all Balder employees!

Dear shareholder, Property market and investments For Balder, 2015 was a very interesting and positive year! The property market continued to perform well (too well?) due to strong interest from investors driven by record low interest rates, a favourable rental market and also in some cases due to a lack of alternative investment opportunities.
Our largest investment by far during the year was our gradual acquisition of just over 50 percent of the shares of the Finnish residential property company Sato. Although Finland has shown a wea ker performance than the other Nordic countries in recent years, I am convin ced that the long-term development in Finland will be positive again. Through Sato, we gain an excellent organisation and a fantastic network, which will give

us the potential to find good investment

initiated our first hotel investment in

opportunities over time. Our Finnish

Copenhagen, which feels great. As you

investment is in safe hands.

probably know, we are really delighted

In Sweden, we were a net seller of in

about our hotels and this division at

vestment properties, although on a small Balder also advanced its position during

scale, and a net investor in residential

2015.

projects instead,

and we are now gradually obtaining

"Our Finnish investment is

a better and better project portfolio.

in safe hands."

In the short term,

this will have a slightly

negative impact on earnings but looking

Associated companies

ahead, these investments will be impor

On the associated company side, we gai

tant for our future results.

ned some fine new additions in the form

The property market in Copenhagen

of Tornet and Brinova. Even though their

was also strong during the year and our

impact on our comprehensive income

operations there are gradually improving and balance sheet is not so large at pre

and expanding through the construction

sent, it will give us additional investment

projects, which are being completed now opportunities and options over time and,

and in the coming years. We have also

not least, it gives us new relationships.

4 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-108

Creating new relationships and main taining existing ones is something that I consider to be invaluable and it is also fun and stimulating for me and for the rest of Balder's employees.
In June, Collector was listed on the stock market, which meant that the company's value has become more clearly visible. We regard Collector as an associated company and we expect that Balder will remain as an owner for the foreseeable future. In accounting terms, this means that we should not recognise Collector's shares at market value but at cost value (our share of the profit is added to this). To provide as true and fair view as possible, we also present our balance sheet and key ratios including Collector at market value.

shares that we received at the Annual

els strong based on the same factors that

General Meeting 2015.

have prevailed in recent years. However,

We carried out a directed issue of 10

our focus is completely on the long-term

million shares to Swedish and interna

performance for Balder and for its share

tional institutions and it received a very

holders. Looking ahead, I am very positive

good response. The offer was strongly

about Balder's opportunities due to the

oversubscribed.

fact that our organisation is continually-

Balder's Board of Directors has decided improving, we are investing in different

to adjust the company's goal for the inte segments in different markets and

rest coverage ratio

from 1.5 to 2 times. When the interest

"Looking ahead, I am very

rate is at prevailing levels, the interest

positive about Balder's

coverage ratio key ratio is not so

opportunities."

interesting but who

knows what will happen with interest

because we have so many partners that

rates over time? (I don't know).

help us with everything possible.

Financial goals and key ratios To maintain a strong balance sheet, we used part of the authorisation to issue

2016 and subsequently In the short term, the property market fe

Erik Selin Chief Executive Officer

F-109

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 5

the Chairman of the Board

As a property owner, Balder must emphasise that it is a long-term owner, which is prepared to take the
necessary measures.

In Paris, just before Christmas, 195 countries signed a historic agreement to try to limit the rise in the global average temperature to 1.5 degrees. It is good that the politicians set long-term targets and then supplement them with laws, rules and other measures. But it will not be enough. The actual change process must be embraced by society as a whole, the business community and individuals. Then the efforts made by Balder, our employees and our tenants will be impor tant for reaching the long-term goal.
The duties of Balder's Board of Di rectors include working on the Group's long-term development, follow up of the Management's operating activities and to assure order and clarity in the company. When a company has a clear owner like Balder, order and clarity has existed all along since the owner's own money was at stake. Therefore, thriftiness is also a part of the company's DNA.
Sustainability work These duties also include following up that the company and its Management advance Balder's efforts to help create a sustainable society. It is important to state that sustainability is more than just an environmental issue - it's also about taking social responsibility. For a number of years, Balder has moved up a gear in terms of strengthening its sustainability work with a strong focus on energy, waste, transports, material and chemicals. This is naturally based

on an environmental management system with clear routines, tools and action plans. The next step has been an ambitious training programme for property caretakers and employees in project development. Last but not least in terms of importance - material such as cement leaves a large carbon footprint on the environment. In this respect, our employees must use smart thinking and be very competent buyers
Risk assessment is another important question that is always part of the Bo ard's discussions. This includes questions such as assessment of market conditions and their impact on different parts of the market, vacancies, the interest rate trend, organising the operations to reduce de pendence on individual persons etc.
The company is trying to take its social responsibility in different ways by providing comfort and security in its residential areas. In certain run-down areas, extensive renovations and long term investments are required in order to reverse the negative development, reduce vandalism, provide security and also build pride among residents in their area. As a property owner, Balder must emphasise that it is a long-term owner, which is prepared to take the necessary measures. Vrby grd and Bergsjon are good examp les of this commitment.
Christina Rogestam, Chairman of the Board

6 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-110

Together with our shareholders, financiers, customers, suppliers and society at large, we lookforward to good business opportunitiesfo r manyyears to come.

Rental income, SEKm Profit from property management before tax, SEKm 1) Changes in value o f properties, SEKm Changes in value o f interest rate derivatives, SEKm Net profit for the year, SEKm Carrying amount of properties, SEKm

2015 2,711 1,780 3,388
227 4,916 68,456

2014 2,525 1,275 3,050 -624 3,128 37,382

2013 1,884
854 854 433 1,738 27,532

2012 1,701
691 812 -71 1,162 22,278

2011 1,466
516 990 -520 812 17,556

2010 1,333
417 1,047
148 1,338 14,389

2009 854 315 4 -23 248
12,669

2008 633 174
-201 -333 -388 7,086

2007 678 179 642 7 785
6,758

2006 524 160 212 441
6,997

Data per ordinary share, including Collector AB (publ) at market value 2)

Average number of shares, thousands

162,753 161,786 15 9,5 3 7

Net profit for the year, SEK

28.98

18.10

10.11

Profit from property management before tax, SEK

9.71

6.64

4.57

O utstanding number of shares, thousands 1 7 2 ,3 9 7 1 6 2 ,3 9 7 1 5 9 ,5 3 7

Shareholders' equity, SEK

128.03

70.10

52.14

Net asset value (EPRA NAV), SEK

159.14

86.33

60.50

Share price on the closing date, SEK

208.70 110.25

66.00

Changes in share price, %

89

67

77

Dividend, SEK

-

-

-

1 5 9 ,5 3 7 6.69
3.73
1 5 9 ,5 3 7 42.15 50.37 37.30 47 -

1 5 8 ,6 5 6 4.87
3.00
1 5 9 ,5 3 7 35.57 41.84 25.30 -14 -

1 4 9 ,4 8 7 8.95
2.79
1 4 9 ,4 8 7 31.13 32.89 29.40 135 -

1 1 2 ,9 0 2 2.20
2.79
1 4 9 ,4 8 7 22.19 22.16 12.50 79 -

9 5 ,9 1 0 -4.04
1.81
9 4 ,4 5 8 19.63 20.95 7.00 -47 0.17

9 7 ,3 1 8 8.07
1.84
9 7 ,3 1 8 23.49 22.33 13.33 -22 -

9 4 ,0 5 0 4.69
1.70
9 7 ,3 1 8 15.42 13.06 17.00 24 -

Data per preference share Share price at year-end, SEK Total yield, % Dividend, SEK Number registered, thousands

312.00 350.00 336.00 303.00 267.00

-5

10

17

21

11

-

-

-

-

-

20.00

20.00

20.00

20.00

20.00

-

-

-

-

-

10,000 10,000 10,000

6,000

4,000

-

-

-

-

-

Property related Rental value full-year, SEK/sq.m. Rental income full-year, SEK/sq.m. Econom ic occupancy rate, % Surplus ratio, % Carrying amount, SEK/sq.m. Number of properties Lettable area, sq.m. thousands

1,508 1,455
96 72 18,622 1,177 3,430

1,325 1,254
95 70 17,172 486 2,177

1,216 1,148
94 68 13,985 498 1,969

1,247 1,166
94 68 14,439 432 1,543

1,163 1,088
94 68 12,467 433 1,408

1,087 1,016
94 66 10,887 432 1,322

1,072 1,002
94 69 10,053 419 1,260

1,298 1,218
94 70 12,805 122 553

1,193 1,107
93 70 12,275 121 551

952 859
90 69 8,854 128 790

Financial, including Collector AB (publ) at market value 2)

Return on equity ordinary share, %

28.2

29.7

21.5

17.0

14.3

33.6

9.6 -1 8 .7

41.5

37.5

Interest coverage ratio, m ultiple

5.1

3.4

2.9

2.4

2.1

2.1

2.1

1.6

1.7

2.0

Equity/assets ratio, %

37.8

35.5

37.3

34.8

35.2

30.9

24.1

23.3

30.1

20.6

Debt/equity ratio, tim es

1.4

1.6

1.5

1.7

1.6

2.1

2.9

3.0

2.2

3.7

Net debt to assets excluding cash, %

52.3

55.2

54.2

57.6

56.5

63.3

69.0

69.4

66.5

76.4

EPRA key ratios

EPRA NAV (Long-term net asset value), SEKm

27,436 14,019

EPRA NAV, SEK per share

159.14

86.33

EPRA Vacancy rate

4

5

1) Attributable to ow ners o f the Parent Com pany.

2) Key ratios fro m 2015 have been calcu lated usin g C o lle cto r AB (publ) at m arket value.

F-111

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANN UAL REPORT 2015

Alotcan happen tn f0 years
We have had a very excitingjourney since the start in 2005. Our hope is that the next ten years will be at least as
exciting, instructive and eventful.

isting on the Stockholm Stock Exchange, organi sations were built up in Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo.
2005
In the same year that Balder was established, the company acquired 21 properties.

2009
Apart from investing in six wind power turbines, Balder acquired all of Din Bostad Sverige AB.

2011
We acquired 25 retail properties from Catena AB for Fast ighets AB Centur. 50 per cent of the shares were sold to PEAB and Fastighets AB Centur became one of our associated companies.

Balder acquired Bovista Invest AB, which brought the company 4,300 apart ments with a value of about SEK 2 billion.

Balder acquired 14 hotel properties. Our 28 hotels means that we are one of Sweden's largest hotel property owners.

Balder acquired 53 per cent of Sato, which means we are an owner of 24,000 apartments in Finland with a value of about SEK 26 billion.

Balder acquired residen tial properties in central Copenhagen, in the Osterbro housing district

Where are wegoing and how w illwegetthere?
Balder's business concept is, through local support, to acquire, develop and manage residential and commercial properties located in places
that are growing and developing positively.

Strategy

Balder creates value for its owners, customers, employees and the community. Balder accomplishes this by:
 Meeting and taking care of our customers' needs.
 Having short decision-making procedures.
 Choosing cost effective management solutions.
 Maintaining a high level of activity in all stages.
 Work actively to acquire properties with development po tential and create growth by investing, developing, streamli ne and rationalize the property management.
 Being a long-term owner that bases its operations on stable cash flows and satisfied customers.

Balder's operations are focused on growth, positive cash flows and increased profit from property management. Balder shall achieve a position in each region whereby the company is a natural partner for potential customers.
Financial goals Balder's goal is to achieve a stable and good return on equity, while the equity/assets ratio over time shall not be less than 35 per cent and the interest coverage ratio shall not be less than 2.0 times.
Operating goals The company establishes quantitative and qualitative operating goals based on Balder's strategy, overall goals and financial policy. These are set for both the short-term and long-term. The goals relate to financial targets as well as goals relating to the environ ment and customer/employee satisfaction.
Dividend policy Since Balder will prioritise growth, capital structure and liquidity during the next few years, the dividend for the ordinary share will be low or may not be declared at all. The dividend for the preferen ce share amounts to SEK 20.00 per year.

F-114

Current earning eapaacltg
The earning capacity is based on the property portfolio's contracted rental income, estimated property costs during a
normalyear as well as administrative expenses.

Balder presents its earning capacity on a twelve-month basis in the table below. It is important to note that the current earning capacity should not be placed on a par with a forecast for the coming 12 months. For instance, the earning capaci ty contains no estimate of rental, vacan cy, currency or interest rate changes.
Balder's income statement is also im pacted by the development in the value

of the property portfolio as well as future property acquisitions and/or property di vestments. Additional items affecting the operating result are changes in the value of derivatives. None of the above has been considered in the current earning capacity.
The earning capacity is based on the property portfolio's contracted rental income, estimated property costs during

a normal year as well as administrative expenses. The costs of the interest bearing liabilities are based on the Group's average interest rate level inclu ding the effect of derivative instruments. The tax is calculated using the effective tax rate during each period and is esti mated to largely consist of deferred tax, which does not affect the cash flow.

Current earning capacity on a twelve-month basis
Rental income Property costs
Net operating income

2015
5,045 -1,635
3,410

M anagement and administrative expenses Profit from property management from associated companies
Operating profit

-425 340
3,325

Net financial items
Profit from property management
Profit from property management attributable to parent company shareholders

-880
2,445
2,035

Tax
Profit after tax

-520
1,925

Profit after tax attributable to Ordinary shareholders Preference shareholders Profit from property management per ordinary share, SEK

1,396 200
10.64

C u rren t e arnin gs as o f 31 D ecem ber are e xclu d in g properties sold d u rin g January 2016.

2014
2,730 -800
1,930
-165 220
1,985
-585
1,400
1,400
-308
1,092
892 200
7.39

2013
2,260 -735
1,525
-165 170
1,530
-535
995
995

2012
1,800 -560
1,240
-120 120
1,240
-495
745
745

-219
776

-164
581

576

461

200

120

4.99

3.92

2011
1,530 -465
1,065
-105 90
1,050
-445
605
605
-159
446
366 80
3.29

2010
1,405 -430
975
-105 20
890
-440
450
450
-118
332
332 -
3.01

12 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-116

Theshare and owners

Balder has two different Classes of shares quoted on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap; an ordinary Class B share and a
preference share.

The company's overall market capitali sation as of 31 December amounted to SEK 39,099m (21,404) and the company had 17,200 shareholders (16,300) at year-end. Balder carried out a directed new issue of 10 million ordinary shares in December, which brought in SEK 1,705m after issue costs. After the issue and as of 31 December, the share capital in Balder amounted to SEK 182,396,852 distributed among 182,396,852 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 1.00, of which 11,229,432 shares are of Class A, 161,167,420 of Class B and 10,000,000 preference shares.
Balder has no repurchased ordinary shares, which means that the total number of outstanding ordinary shares amounts to 172,396,852. Each Class A share carries one vote, and each Class B share and preference share carries one tenth of one vote.
Price development of the ordinary share The price of the ordinary share was SEK 208.70 (110.25) at year-end, correspon

ding to a rise of 89 per cent (67) during the year. The increase since 1 January 2006 amounts to 1,409 per cent. This may be compared to EPRA's Property index for Sweden, which rose by 122 per cent during the same period. EPRA's property index for European companies rose with 8 per cent during the same pe riod. At year-end, the number of ordinary shareholders amounted to 9,300 (8,900). During the same period, 67.7 million ordinary shares were traded, equiva lent to 270,000 shares per trading day (252,000) or SEK 40m (28) based on the average price during the year. The turno ver corresponds to an annual turnover rate of 42 per cent (39) and if Erik Selin Fastigheter AB's shares are excluded, the annual turnover exceeded 70 per cent (60) of the outstanding ordinary shares. The proportion of foreign-owned shares increased by 36 per cent during the year and amounted to 22.1 per cent (16.3).
Equity growth Equity per ordinary share amounted to

SEK 128.03 (70.10) on 31 December cor responding to an increase of 83 per cent (34) during the year. The net asset value per ordinary share (EPRA NAV) increased during the same period by 84 per cent (43) to SEK 159.14 (86.33). The difference between shareholders' equity and net asset value is that in the net asset value, derivatives and the net of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets are reversed. In the past nine years, the net asset value increased by an average of 35 per cent per year (31). The market price/ net asset value ratio was 131 per cent (128) at year-end.
Profit from property management be fore tax amounted to SEK 1,780m (1,275), which corresponds to an increase of 40 per cent (49) compared to the previous year. In the past nine years, the profit from property management increased by an average of 33 per cent per year. The profit from property management per ordinary share increased by 46 per cent (45) and in the past nine years increased by an average of 23 percent.

Shareprice development2006-20/5
Share price, SEK
250 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balder's share price closed on 30 December 2015 at SEK 208.70, which corresponds to a percentage growth since 1 January 2006 of 1,409 per cent. This may be compared to EPRA's Property index for Sweden, which rose by 122 per cent during the same period. EPRA's Property index for European companies rose by 8 per cent during the same period.
Fastighets AB Balder EPRA Sweden Index EPRA Europe Index

F-117

Klla: SIX

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORTG 2015 13

Price development of preference share The price of the preference share was SEK 312.00 at year-end (350.00), correspon ding to a total annual yield, including dividend, of -5.1 per cent. The number of shareholders amounted to about 8,700 (8,400) and 3.3 million shares were traded during the year (3.3), equivalent to just over 13,000 shares per trading day (13,000), corresponding to about SEK 4.5m (4.5), based on the average share price for the year. The annual turnover in the preference share corresponded to 33 per cent (33) of the total number of preference shares.
The preference share carries preferen tial right over the ordinary share to an annual dividend of SEK 20 with quarterly dividend of SEK 5. Record days for divi dend are 10 January, 10 April, 10 July and 10 October. If dividend on the preference share is not paid in time or for a lower amount, the difference shall be added to amounts unpaid, including interest of 14 per cent.
Dividend policy ordinary shareholders The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend for the ordinary share should be paid for the 2015 financial year. Balder estimates that

the best total yield for the ordinary share holders will be achieved by the dividend remaining low or not declaring a dividend at all in the next few years. Balder will instead continue to grow by investing in existing properties, new construction and acquisition of new properties.

Devebym ento nruetaASjetvalue
(EPRAN AV) SEK/ordinary share
200 __________________________

Shareholders The principal owner in Fastighets AB Balder is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which owns 35.9 per cent of the capital and controls 49.5 per cent of the votes. Other large owners are Arvid Svensson Invest AB and Swedbank Robur fonder. At the end of 2015, the total number of shareholders amounted to about 17,200 (16,300). In late 2015, Balder carried out a new issue of 10 million ordinary shares di rected towards new shareholders, which brought in SEK 1,705m after issue costs. The issue also provided Balder with a number of new Swedish and foreign sha reholders. For existing ordinary sharehol ders, the issue implied a dilutive effect of 6 per cent of the capital. After the issue, 49 (51) per cent of the capital is held by the Board and Management.

Shareprice/Net asset value
70zo
200
0------------------------------------------

14 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-118

Owners/ilp disMbutiar,
ordinary shares %
Styrelse/ Ledning, 49 Institutioner, 24 Utlndska, 22 vriga, 6

Analysts following Balder:
Albin Sandberg, Handelsbanken Erik Granstrm, Carnegie Fredrik Cyon, ABG Sundal Collier Jan Ihrfelt, Swedbank Johan Edberg, Pareto Jonas Andersson, Danske Bank Niclas Hglund, Nordea Nicolas McBeath, SEB Tobias Kaj, Carnegie

Performance of Balder's share

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009

Data per ordinary share, including Collector AB (publ) at market value i)

Share price at year-end, SEK

208.70 110.25 66.00

37.30 25.30 29.40

12.50

Profit from property management, SEK

9.71

6.64

4.57

3.73

3.00

2.79

2.79

Profit after tax, SEK

28.98 18.10 10.11

6.69

4.87

8.95

2.20

Shareholders' equity, SEK Long-term net asset value (EPRA NAV), SEK

128.03 159.14

70.10 86.33

52.14 60.50

42.15 50.37

35.57 41.83

31.13 32.89

22.19 22.16

Total yield, %

89

67

77

47

-14

135

79

Dividend, SEK Number registered, thousands

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

172,397 162,397 162,397 162,397 162,397 152,347 152,347

Number outstanding, thousands

172,397 162,397 159,537 159,537 159,537 149,487 149,487

2008
7.00 1.81 -4 .0 4 19.63 20.95 -46 0.17 97,318 94,458

2007
13.33 1.84 8.07 23.49 22.33 -22
97,318 97,318

2006
17.00 1.70 4.69
15.42 13.06
24 97,318 97,318

Data per preference share
Share price at year-end, SEK Total yield, % Dividend, SEK Number registered, thousands

312.00 350.00 336.00 303.00 267.00

-

-

-

-

-

-5

10

17

21

11

-

-

-

-

-

20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00

-

-

-

-

-

10,000 10,000 10,000 6,000 4,000

-

-

-

-

-

Market capitalisation
Market capitalisation, SEKm

39,099 21,404 13,889 7,800 5,104 1,395 1,869

661 1,298 1,654

1) Key ratio s fro m 2 015 have been calcu lated usin g C o lle cto r AB (publ) at m arket value.

Ownership list as of 31 December 2015
Owners
Erik Selin w ith com pany Arvid Svensson Invest AB Swedbank Robur fonder Lnsfrskringar fondfrvaltning AB Handelsbanken Fonder AB SEB Investment Management CBNY Norges Bank Lannebo fonder AMF - Frskring och fonder Second Swedish National Pension Fund Other
Total

A ordinary shares
8,309,328 2,915,892
4,212
11,229,432

B ordinary shares
57,210,900 13,542,540 11,433,340
6,310,867 4,972,218 4,612,807 3,446,198 2,500,000 2,282,507 2,215,766 52,640,277
161,167,420

Preference shares
500 -
9,999,500
10,000,000

Total number of shares
65,520,728 16,458,432 11,433,340
6,310,867 4,972,218 4,612,807 3,446,198 2,500,000 2,282,507 2,215,766 62,643,989
182,396,852

Capital, %
35.9 9.0 6.3 3.5 2.7 2.5 1.9 1.4 1.2 1.2 34.4
100

Votes, %
49.5 15.1
4.0 2.2 1.8 1.6 1.2 0.9 0.8 0.8 22.1
100

F-119

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORTG 2015 15

Our customers

Property Management Today Balder has 27 offices, divided into six regions. In each region, property ma nagement is handled by the company's own personnel, who are responsible for letting, operations as well as the environ ment and maintenance,
Balder has its own management organisation, which enables fast deci sion-making procedures, proximity to the customer, good local knowledge and the possibility of working on a long-term basis with property management. The company offers a large choice of premises and housing in different locations at various rental rates. The development of the properties takes place in consultation with customers, based on their needs and wishes. Balder's management organisa tion regularly meets tenants in order to obtain a good view of the actual situation in the properties.
Satisfied customers and customer rela tionships Balder creates value for its owners, custo mers, employees and the community. As part of reaching this goal, a new central function called "Customer relations" has been established. One of the duties of the customer relations group is to conduct a survey to measure customer satisfac tion index (NKI). In January 2015, Balder carried out its third NKI in collaboration with AktivBo. The survey was sent out to half of the company's residential tenants and to all commercial tenants.
Balder is continually improving its re sults both in terms of the perceived servi ce and product. More than 90 per cent of our tenants are happy in their premises and housing. Our customers perceive that we are very accessible; it is easy to get hold of the right person and know who to turn to. It is easy to report faults and the work is performed in a reasonable time with good quality. Our tenants are interested in what is happening in their property and area. One of the items we are now concentrating further on is to inform our tenants more frequently. A

majority of our customers are satisfied with the equipment in their apartments but many want to modernise and be able to personally influence the standard of their accommodation. By offering standardenhancing choices, Balder wants to satisfy this need in all of our locations.
Our goal is to improve quality of life for our residents so that they will be happy and want to stay with Balder for a long time. Correspondingly, on the commercial premises side, it is important to work with the customer's requests in order to satisfy operational needs and improve the potential for increased profitability.
Through its customer surveys, Balder wants to offer the requested product and to be an attractive choice and retain its existing tenants.
Customer service Customer service is an important func tion at Balder. Here we take care of the contact with customers so that possible defects and deficiencies can be discove red at an early stage. In order to improve the communication between Balder as a landlord and our customers, we have expanded our customer service and error reporting system with employees who have a broad knowledge of languages, such as Arabic and Somali.
Lease structure Balder considers that the risk of a sudden deterioration in rental income is low. This
Lease structure 31 December 2015

is due to the lease structure with a good division between commercial properties and residential properties as well as the geographical spread. In order to offset reduced rental income and a weaker occupancy rate, the company strives for long-term relationships with its existing customers.
Balder's ten largest leases represent 6.1 per cent (9.4) of total rental income and their average lease term amounts to 11.1 years (11.1). No individual lease accounts for more than 0.9 per cent (1.5) of Balder's total rental income and no individual customer accounts for more than 2.7 per cent (4.8) of total rental inco me. The average lease term for the entire commercial portfolio is 6.3 years (5.9).
The lease structure on 31 December 2015 is shown in the table, in which leases terminated on this date, where removal will or is expected to take place, are recognised as leases maturing within one year.
Balder's 10 largest costumers as of 31 December 2015  ICA Sverige AB  Kopparbergs Bryggerier  ProfilEvents AB  Rezidor Hotel Group  Scandic Hotels AB  SCA Hygiene Products AB  Sirius International Frskring AB  Stockholms municipality  Stureplansgruppen  Winn Hotel Group

Maturity date

Number of leases

Contracted rent,

Share, %

SEKm

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020Total Residential 1) Carpark 1) Garage 1) Total

1,079 616 511 294 234
2,734 37,008 5,442 4,741 49,925

39

192

23

264

19

217

11

220

9

725

100

1,618

3,401

15

41

5,075

1) Lease runs subject to a com m itm ent period of 3 months.

Share, %
4 5 4 4 14 32 67 0 1 100

16 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-120

S
. ' fe, F 쳑 _ 1
rar
B r ^ i

Organtiatlm and employees
Fastighets AB Balder is a listed property company. The company's journey began in 2005 with about 10 employees and today, just over 10 years' later, Balder has more than 500 employees in the management
organisation.

The company's rapid development, is due, among other things, to Balder's commit ted and knowledgeable employees who create results based on a team spirit and collaboration. We take advantage of each other's strengths and experience and launch new ideas for further developme nt of both the operations and personnel.
To be part of Balder imposes high demands but also provides good deve lopment opportunities. Balder has short decision-making paths and an open atmosphere and promotes respect and honesty. We have shared responsibility for creating confidence among our customers and employees.
Balder as an employer Balder's employees are characterised by a strong drive to develop in their roles and an interest in working in an organisation which stands for a long-term approach, an entrepreneurial spirit and fellow-fe eling. Balder creates work satisfaction by allowing employees to participate in the development of their duties and there is a general sense of well-being at the

workplace. We are proud of not being like the
others. At Balder, a new employee's ideas in a spontaneous meeting with the CEO can lead to changes in our solutions and how we work. Through our employees' commitment, competencies and deve lopment, we create a culture of diversity with a pleasant atmosphere. The compa ny offers several unique opportunities for our employees to develop in their existing roles and also gives them the chance of later seeking new challenges internally.
Balder's organisation Balder is continually developing. The latest events, such as the acquired hotel operations in Stockholm and Malmo and the property acquisitions in Finland, have helped to add about 300 new employ ees to our Group. The management organisation on 31 December consisted of 485 (278) employees and is geograp hically divided into regions with local offices, which are responsible for letting, operation as well as the environment and property management. In order to

support the management operations, group-wide resources are located in Mal mo and at the head office in Gothenburg. At year-end, 37 people (35) worked within these support functions.
Balder's social engagement Balder continues to be engaged in impro ving the living environment. During 2015, about 40 young people were employed, resident in these areas, to together work for a safe and pleasant living environ ment.
The environmental work in the compa ny is continuing. Through our Technology and Sustainability department, we work on a daily basis with environmental im provement measures in order to contri bute to a good environment in the long term and a positive climate development.

Employees

2015-12-31 2014-12-31

Num ber o f employees1*i)

647

313

- o f w hich w om en 2)

310

110

1) O f w h ich 170 e m p lo ye e s in Sato .

2) O f w h ich 110 w o m e n in Sato.

18 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-122

1
-- - 팿-
F-123

SuAtainabfe buAitueM,

Social engagement is a natural part of Balder's work and a way to help promote sustainable social development. Balder engages in these issues both locally and regionally and strives to ensure that people feel comfortable in and around their housing environments. In order to succeed with this, great commitment is required from the employees but as a company we also collaborate with other players. At Balder, we believe that diver sity creates economic and social growth in society and thus we regard it as very important to work to create socially-mix ed housing areas.
Balder in Huskvarna Sder During the year, Balder participated in a collaborative project in Huskvarna Sder, where the company owns 230 apartments. The project was initiated by the municipality in order to promote in tegration and participation in the area. In August, Balder was invited to a meeting to describe its experiences from Vrby Grd, a similar housing area in Stockholm

where Balder successfully, worked on developing the area based on a resident's perspective and local engagement.
Integration is a broad term and foreign origin is just one of several factors that can lie behind people feeling socially excluded. Unemployment and socioeco nomic conditions are examples of other factors that can explain a feeling of social exclusion. By creating meeting places and activities for all residents in Huskvarna Sder, it is hoped that the project will improve participation and integra tion. Two project managers have been employed and several people in the area have been employed during fixed-term periods or to work with special projects aimed at supporting the success of the project. The project is directed towards all residents in Huskvarna Sder but with children and young people aged 10-20 in focus. During the year, collaboration occurred with several organisations in the area and together they have carried out activities and created meeting places so that people can meet across social and

cultural boundaries. Initially, a survey was distributed to the residents in the area to find out if people were happy and what activities were desirable in the area. Based on these answers, a large number of initiatives were started and carried out in the area. In early 2016, statistics were compiled for activities and work performed during 2015. The outcome is intended to be described in the report for the second quarter 2016.
A second chance Having your own home is a requirement in order to live a secure and independent life. Balder collaborates with organisa tions that work actively with integration and treatment programmes directed towards children and young adults. A home of one's own and guidance from people with extensive experience of inte gration and treatment work improves the possibility for a better future. Examples of organisations that Balder collaborates with include Rebo and UngBo.

20 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-124

Wetake social responsibility

Balder has been involvedfo r some time in improving residential environments in parts of Stockholm and in Gothenburg. In Bergsjn in, Gothenburg, Balder has employed Amanj Aziz, whose main task is to act as a spokesman and create activitiesfo r our tenants in Bergsjn. The participation rate is high and together with the tenants we are working
to make Bergsjn more comfortable and secure.

Each Saturday, the door is opened to the gym hall in Backegrd school. Some 30 children run in and the mothers come in after them: "Can we stay here a bit longer today?" asks one of them, and of course they can. The gym hall activity started by accident. Some mothers came to us at Balder and pointed out that visits to lekland and other excursions were not financially sustainable every week. They wanted the premises in Bergsjn to be somewhere children could play and parents could see each other, even when it is cold outside. A short telephone call to an incredibly committed management at Backegrd school and then the keys were in the hands of our personnel. After that it has progressed smoothly during the autumn and winter.
One autumn Saturday one of the mothers at the same time as the gym doors were about to open said: "My son is looking for a trainee post, is there possibly a place at Balder?" Of course, we were able to help one of our ninth gra ders in the area. For two weeks he got to join Bergsjpoolen, a social sustainability project, which Balder operates in Berg sjn. In Bergsjpoolen, young adults aged from 17-26 are employed and they make huge efforts to help with improvements in the area; they keep order in the refuse room, clean storerooms and garages, seal windows, play with children in the courtyards and much more. "I graduated from high school last summer and was worried about how I would support my family. I have two sons. I was very happy to be able to work so close to home with something I am good at", one of the 15

employees in the project points out. Bergsjpoolen has been a huge
asset for Balder and at the same time, it has increased the employees' influence and insight into their own housing area. It is not just the employees who appre ciate the work but also parents, siblings, friends and acquaintances and they all know that it is part of Balder. This creates a sense of community in the area, which is hard to mistake.
On Tuesday and Thursday evenings, Bergsjpoolen has to quickly vacate its offices. You see the office is used by the area's very determined girls aged 8-13 who point out that no "boys are allowed to participate". They make bracelets, watch films, bake, have gymnastics eve nings and lots of other fun.

F-125

And that is what you hear when the gym is opened on Saturday evenings - the girls want to have the hall to themselves and also ask if they can have girls evenings on Mondays and Wednes days. But then the premises are used for driving licence theory courses for all te nants aged over 17. What about Saturday evenings then? No, then the premises are occupied by those aged 18+, when they play Playstation, have theme evenings, lectures, CV assistance... Sundays must surely work, says a girl. No, because Bergsjon's only book group is underway then in the office.
Her mother then says: "Can you not come to lock up at 9 p.m. instead of 8 p.m.? We really enjoy being together in the hall".
Amanj Aziz Communicator

Wetake em/Otmmjeatal

In 2015, the climate conference in Paris entered history as the meeting when the world agreed on a climate agreement. The politicians have
thus given the world a clear direction about afuture where after 2050 we should have net emissions, which are zero.

The target has been made tougher so that we should keep well under a 2-de gree average rise in temperature. Thus climate researchers eventually convinced the politicians about the gravity of the situation. There is another global outlook now from earlier having regarded the environment and sustainability as a sacri fice to now becoming a necessity. In brief, everyone needs to take their responsibi lity to stabilise the world's climate and environment, for a sustainable future even for Balder.
In spring, Balder's employees participa ted in environmental and energy training that partly was a step in the implementa tion of Balder's environmental manage ment system but also to emphasise the importance of reducing energy consump tion and what is important to think about. Read more about Satos environ mental resonsibility at www.sato.fi
Energy During 2015, Balder had energy consump tion of 312 million kWh where district heating consumption was the largest item. Properties with a heating system based on fossil-fuels, represent a small share in relation to total consumption. The goal is that during 2017 at the latest, that these properties will have changed over to sustainable heating systems. The area heated by oil has been reduced by 31 per cent during the year. Balder's 10 wind turbines have generated 22.5 million kWh, which is equivalent to the annual consumption of 900 houses.
To achieve an energy reduction, we have to work with the issue at various levels. During the year, Balder drew up an Energy policy that shall be guiding in

our continual energy work. The energy policy emphasises that comfort may not suffer in the hunt to save kilowatt hours. To maintain the correct indoor tempe rature is of great importance for tenant comfort but also for energy consumption when each degree's increase means that the energy need rises by 5 per cent. It can prove problematic to maintain an even temperature of 21캜 without large fluctuations in older properties, which are only controlled by the current outdoor temperature. Therefore in some properties, indoor temperature sensors have been installed in representative apartments/rooms where the estimated average temperature regulates how much heat should be pumped into the heating system.
Another measure, is that we are working towards the centralisation of all control systems. This means that we con trol our installations remotely and quickly detect alarms in the units. This enables safer and more energy efficient operation of Balder's properties. Another measure to achieve high operational safety and a long-term approach is that we choose products, which are robust and energy efficient. We also prioritise stable product suppliers in order to ensure that parts are available in the near future, i.e. the product's estimated minimum life cycle.
Totalpower ronAumpton
per source, %
District cooling, 2 -- Gas, 1 Oil, 0 -----------
Electricity, 25 ------------District heating, 72

The goal for 2015 was to reduce energy consumption in property operation by 3 per cent. The outcome was 1 per cent, which is equivalent to 1.9 million kWh.
Waste The goal of good waste sorting is to minimise the quantity of waste going to landfill and maximise recycling. The basis of good waste sorting is partly depen dent on the conditions of the property but also on our tenants' ambitions. The long-term goal to achieve a sorting rate of 55 per cent is limited to only apply to commercial properties. The sorting rate for 2015 came in at 58 per cent.
The reason for the limited goal is that far from all municipalities weigh house hold refuse, which means that it is not possible to obtain any follow up figures. Sweden has become very good at reducing the quantity of waste that goes to landfill. In 1975, 62 per cent of Sweden's house hold refuse went to landfill compared to today's level of less than 1 per cent. The basis for this is that a large proportion of today's waste goes to incineration, which supplies us with district heating. Even if it is not possible today to follow up the sorting rate in residential properties, Bal der has a long-term goal that all residenti al properties should have sorting solutions for waste.
We are taking concrete measures to en sure that all refuse rooms are designed in a way that encourages and facilitates was te sorting. This means that they should be clean, well-labelled, bright and secure. An important aspect is also to inform our tenants about the waste management in the relevant property.

22 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-126

Phase-out substances The Swedish Chemicals Agency has defi ned phase-out substances as a substance with particularly hazardous properties according to approved criteria regarding environmental and health consequences e.g. carcinogens or mutagens. The criteria are in line with the EU's chemicals legi slation, REACH, Substances of very high concern - SVHC. These are substances, which may be prohibited in the future and that risk becoming the asbestos or PCB problems of the future.
Balder thus wants to systematically avoid introducing phase-out substances into the properties. In the day-to-day operation, this means that the product should either be eco-labelled or checked against an environmental database. In the case where there is no alternative to a product containing some form of phase-out substance, it should be noted with necessary pertaining information in the digital logbook of the property.
Skills development Having the right competencies in ope rations is considered to be an important factor for achieving and ensuring resour ce-efficient property management. In

order to ensure a good level, all property caretakers have therefore participated in internal training in basic building technology. The goal was that everyone should get a basic understanding of the buildings' different functions and con nection and the environmental and cost repercussions of operational errors.
Balder Challenge In the hunt to reduce kilowatt hours, a challenge was started during the spring, the Balder Challenge. The challenge lies in cost-efficiently reducing the energy need in the property while reducing the reporting of climate errors by tenants. This created a major engagement among property managers and caretakers and 21 properties in total were registered to participate in the Balder Challenge. The challenge will continue during all of 2016.
Environmental requirements during new construction Balder will carry out a large number of new constructions during the next few years. Each new building naturally gives rise to both short-term and long-term environmental impacts and it is therefore completely reasonable to impose environ mental demands at an early stage. The

following items show some of the environ mental demands imposed in Balder's new construction projects:  Energy class B, means 25 per cent
under the National Board of Housing's new building standards.  Material and products shall at least meet the standards "acceptable" in Swedish Building Materials Assess ment or "B" in SundaHus.  Wood and wood-based products shall be certified according to FSC, PEFC or equivalent.  Sorting of household waste in every apartment.  Maximum 10 per cent weight of buil ding waste to landfill.  Water-efficient taps and toilets.  Projects are designed in a way so that the tenants prioritise environmentally friendly transport alternatives.
Environmental buildings Balder has a number of environmentally classified buildings in its portfolio which are certified by GreenBuilding, Sweden Green Building Council or LEED. The most recently acquired property is "Park49" of 7,500 sq. m., which will become Balder's new head office in spring 2016. It is being constructed in order to be certified accor ding to the international environmental system LEED's highest level - Platinum.

Circus with an entertatniny history
The Circus Building in Copenhagen has an exciting history. The building was de signed in 1885 by the architect Henrik Wilhelm Brinkopf and was inaugurated in thefollowing year by the German circus king Ernst Renz. The building has a gran diose style and thefacade was richly adorned by Fredrik Hammeleff The motif on
thefacade pictures horse and racing motifsfrom ancient Greece and Rome.
F-128

"Itfeels really great to have this distinguished building in our holdings and at the same time we are get to work with a major player in the exciting live
entertainment industry"
says Erik Selin, CEO o f Fastighets AB Balder.

A popular building under constant change Until 1910, circus performances were held here but after pressure from the city's theatre owners (that considered that the popular performances were a threat) is was decided that the circus ope rations could only be conducted during the summer. During the winter months, it housed a cinema instead, by the name World Cinema.
On 17 March 1914, Circus went on fire. The property received severe material da mage, but was already renovated in 1915 according to designs by the architect Holger Jacobsen. Not long after that, the Schumann family acquired the buil ding. Under Schumann's management, 1918-1968, the spectacular summer performances were reintroduced, which made the Schumann Circus one the 20th century's brightest stars on the circus horizon.
In 1963, there were plans to demolish Circus and instead build a department store. The property owner and the hypermarket chain ANVA you see wished to compete with the city's well-establis hed chains Illum and Magasin. However, ANVA faced a wave of protests and since the company lacked capital the plans came to nothing.
Due to the high rental rates in the area and ANVA's plans, this created uncerta inty during this period about the future of the Circus building. This resulted in the Schumann family winding up its activi ties in Circus in 1968.
A protected landmark From 1970 to 1990, the Benneweis family took over the building. Like Schumann, they conducted circus operations during the summer season, but now under the
F-129

name Benneweis Circus. The municipality acquired the building in 1974 but the Benneweis family continued its business as tenants. In 1983, they were granted joint management with Tivoli and in 1988, the property was named a protec ted landmark.
But times change, even for a summer circus in a city like Copenhagen. After more than one hundred years, demand fell and the public began to seek other forms of entertainment. In 1990, the Benneweis family decided to wind up its operations for financial reasons.
Circus today Circus continues to offer entertainment but today it is primarily musicals, ballet, music festivals and concerts that cha racterise the property. For a few days in 1996, a bygone era was resurrected when Germany-based Roncalli offered circus entertainment to celebrate Copenhagen being selected as European City of Cultu re that year.
Since 2003, the property has been let to the Scandinavian entertainment company Wallmans. They offer a well-known and popular "dinner show" concept in Copen hagen, Oslo and Stockholm.
In 2014, 2E Group sold the circus property to us at Fastighets AB Balder. The continued operations were secured through a long-term lease.
Today Circus accommodates 1,000 guests and the building's foyer is decora ted with posters, photos and programmes of some of the circuses and circus perfor mers who appeared on the circus stage for over a century. For Danes, this historic landmark property is famous for its beaut iful architecture, its circular shape and for its domed roof.
Sources:
http://w w w .circo ped ia.o rg/Cirkusb yg- ningen_% 28Copenhagen% 29 http://w w w .2egroup.se/

The low interest environment is continuing and the gap between propertyyields and the lending rate means that the investment climate for properties is still extremely favourable and we continue
to see a strong performance in the Swedish property market.

The economic upturn in Sweden is broad and the performance in the Swedish eco nomy is still strong due to the expansio nary monetary policy. However, inflation is not gaining momentum and becasue of difficulties in reaching its inflation target, the Riksbank implemeneted further monetary policy easing and support measures. In February 2016, the Riksbank decided to cut the repo rate further to -0.50 per cent.
A continuing low interest environment is contributing to continued rising prices in the property market. The existing im balance between demand and supply and pressed yield requirements are making investments more expensive in metropo litan markets and during 2015 we have

seen increasing interest for investments in Sweden's larger cities. In several sub-markets, the residential segment is dominating investment interest.
Property transactions The transaction volume during 2015 amounted to about SEK 140 billion, which is just under the level in 2014, but still a historically high level. Residential, industry and offices each represents a quarter of the transaction volume. The investment interest in retail and hotels is increasing and we continue to see a high sales volume in the community properties segment. In 2016, the supply of properties in attractive locations will probably continue to be low. The

sales side will probably be dominated by property companies that are refining their property portfolios or funds that are approaching their closing point. This also includes municipalities that will divest all or part of their residential holdings in view of the large maintenance costs in the next few years.
Buyers will be basically include eve ryone; property companies, institutions, Swedish and foreign property funds as well as local property players outside the larger cities.
The volatile stock market performance also points in favour of property and we see a continued strong development in the Swedish property market.
According to IPD Swedish Proper-

26 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-130

ty index, the total yield on property investments amounted to about 14.1 per cent during 2015, a total increase of 6.0 percent compared to 2014. The increa se in value was about 8.8 per cent, the highest recorded figure since 2007. The total yield was significantly higher than the average for the past ten years. Offices and residential showed the highest total yields of 16.2 percent and 14.7 per cent, respectively, of which the change in value was just over 10 per cent in both property categories.
Pressed yield requirements together with a positive development in the rental market, with few vacancies in metropo litan areas on the office side and with a housing shortage in most Swedish municipalities, means that investments in new construction have become even more attractive than before.
The services sector is showing stronger growth than industry, which is creating demand for new office properties, parti cularly in metropolitan areas.

The domestic population increase in Sweden together with the migration of refugees is creating a huge demand for new housing and is further increasing the housing shortage around the coun try. The regulations surrounding new construction of properties combined with long lead times in planning questions implies a sluggishness that makes it difficult to meet new housing demand in the short term.
The strong investment interest in recent years has meant that many loans have been allocated to properties. The opportunities for property companies to attract capital via stock market listings, new issues, preference share issues, bonds and traditional borrowing are still considered to be good overall despite the uncertain stock market climate. The conditions for property investments in Sweden are still good and a lot of capital is seeking investments in the segment which gurantees another good property year in 2016. Therefore there is also good potential in 2016 to maintain the high transaction volume seen during 2014 and 2015.
Source: NAI Svefa

Rental te/els(/iLgJnest rent)
OfficeCBD, SEK/sq.m.
Office CBD, %
8 -----------
CBD = Central Business District Source: Fastighetsvarlden

F-131

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 27

Skibbroen Havneholmen Copenhagen

Denmark with its stable economy, fixed-exchange rate policy to the Euro and low interest rates, has proved to be an attractive market for both domestic and foreign capital seeking high security and a positive demographic trend for property investments. Copenhagen occu pies a very strong position in the Danish property market.
The overall transaction volume in 2015 amounted to about DKK 51 billion, of which the Copenhagen area accounted for about 75 per cent.
During 2015, the investment inte rest shifted from the office segment to the residential segment. During 2015, residential properties accounted for 38 per cent of the total transaction volume while office properties came in at 27 per cent.
The housing market The housing market relating to condomi niums showed a very strong price trend in Denmark during 2015. Prices in the entire country rose by 12 per cent in total during 2015 compared to 2014. This is the highest annual price increase since 2006 and prices have now recovered to the level that prevailed before the sharp fall in prices that began in 2007.
The transaction volume rose by almost 23 per cent between 2014 and 2015. This figure is also the highest since 2006.
Copenhagen was the most interesting
28 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

area during 2015 and the year was also marked by a new epoch in the apartment market in which prices rose most 17 per cent during 2015. The number of newly constructed apartments also increased sharply during the year.
As the prices of newly constructed apartments are higher than older buildings this has meant a positive overall price trend for all apartments in Copenhagen.
흏hus and 흈borg also showed a posi tive performance in terms of rising prices and construction of new apartments in attractive areas.
The currently low interest rates has great importance for the apartment mar ket and with expectations of continued low interest rates, the condominium market is expected to remain positive, particularly in Copenhagen and other big cities in the next few years.

Average prices in Denmark, DKK/sq. m.

(apartment size, 85 sq. m.), 31 December

2015:

Copenhagen

DKK 34,000

흏hus

DKK 27,000

All of Denmark

DKK 25,000

Source: Home, Denm ark

Condominiums A condominium is a form of housing where the owner has direct ownership of the apartment. This is unlike cooperati

F-132

ve-, tenant-owner's-, or housing company apartments where the association or company owns the property and has an association loan and the owner of the apartment has a share in the association.
Connected to condominiums is a joint ownership- or condominium association, which is responsible for the common areas in the property.
Condominiums can usually be freely sold or rented out without anyone's approval.
Office market The rental market in Copenhagen is reco vering slowly due to the sluggish increase in employment growth. The vacancy rate for unlet offices in Copenhagen inner city is around 7 per cent and about 10 per cent in greater Copenhagen.
The yield requirement for offices in A locations is about 4.5 per cent, which is lower than ever and reflects the current imbalance between supply and demand for attractive office buildings.
Office rents were stable during 2015 and prime rents tend to lie around 1,500 - 1,800 DKK/sq. m., excluding property tax and operating costs.
Investors are expected to continue to have a strong demand for properties, especially in attractive locations.

The Fin n ish property m arket

The Finnish property market differs from the Swedish one in terms of the ownership structure among the larger private players. In Finland, there are currently three large listed property companies compared to about ten large companies in Sweden. The largest property owners in Finland are domestic pension funds and institutions.
The housing market Urbanisation is increasing rapidly in Finland. Relocation, which is mainly employment-related, means strong hou sing demand in the larger cities. During the period 1990 - 2014, the population in urban areas increased by 640,000 people.
Living in a rental apartment is a popular form of housing in Finland. In Helsinki, almost half the residents live in a rental apartment. Of the total 2.6 million permanent dwellings in the whole of Finland, rental apartments account for

about 820,000. Of these rental apart ments, about half are owned by private investors. Sato, which is a subsidiary of Balder, owns about 7 per cent of all rental apartments in the capital region.
During 2015, the price increase in respect of housing was 3.4 per cent accor ding to KTI Finland.
The prices of apartments and rents have increased in recent years. It is mainly demand for small good value apartments that increased because there is a large proportion of households with one of two persons in the bigger cities. Many housing companies mainly focus on new construction of smaller apartments.
Office market The sluggish economic growth combined with the increased vacancy rate in most sub-markets is resulting in short-term pressure in the office letting market. De

mand in the rental market has continued to cause polarisation with the result that there is a risk of even higher vacancy rates for premises and properties in secondary areas while rents in attractive areas have returned to the level they were at before the downturn last year. The investment market is expected to continue to be active thanks to strong international demand and the relatively attractive yields still generated by Finnish properties.
The yield levels for central office pro perties in Helsinki mainly lie in the range 4.5 - 7.5 per cent.
In combination with better financing conditions, higher liquidity in the market and expectations of increasing economic growth, it is estimated that property investments can reach levels of around EUR 5 billion next year. Finland has not reached this level since the record years 2006 - 2007.

F-133

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 29

MSaA/iM .

u

u

xe M

to a kih si

Balder is continluing to grow and develop. The most important
explanations behind Balder's positive development include all the property acquisitions, investments and not least the entire Balder organisation, which manages the investments in the best way. Together with our shareholders, financiers, customers, suppliers and society at large, we lookforward to good business opportunitiesfo r manyyears to come.

Region Gothenburg
177 employees 200 properties

46 employees 51 properties

Region North
25 employees 78 properties
Region Stockholm,
66 employees 57 properties
Region H elsinki
170 employees 479 properties
Region East
38 employees 312 properties

F-134

B alders re a l esta te holdings on 2015-12-310

r^ Number of properties

Distributed by region

H elsinki

479

S to c k h o lm

57

G othenburg

200

O resu n d

51

East

312

N o rth

78

T o ta l

1 ,1 7 7

P ro je c t

T o ta l

1 ,1 7 7

Lettable area, sq.m.
9 4 2 ,5 5 1 4 5 6 ,5 0 9 7 7 9 ,9 6 3 2 9 8 ,0 4 1 7 8 7 ,6 7 5 1 6 5 ,3 4 9 3 ,4 3 0 ,0 8 8
3 ,4 3 0 ,0 8 8 ^

Rental value, SEKm
1 ,7 9 7 866 954 439 951 167
M 5 ,1 7 3 84
^ 5 ,2 5 7

Rental value, SEK/sq.m.
1 ,9 0 6 1 ,8 9 7 1 ,2 2 3 1 ,4 7 3 1 ,2 0 7 1 ,0 0 9 1 ,5 0 8
1 ,5 0 8

1Cental income, SEKm
1 ,7 6 4 801 919 408 935 163
^ 4 ,9 9 0
5 ,0 7 5

Economic occupancy
rate, %

Carrying amount, SEKm

98

1 9 ,5 9 5

93

1 3 ,5 5 0

96

1 2 ,8 8 7

93

6 ,5 8 1

98

9 ,0 8 5

98

2 ,1 7 8

96

6 3 ,8 7 6

4 ,5 8 1

96

6 8 ,4 5 6

Carrying amount, %
29 20 19 10 13
3 93
7 100

D istrib u te d b y p ro p e rty c a te g o ry

Re s id e n tial

1 ,0 1 8 2,4 7 1,660

3 ,5 1 1

1 ,4 2 0

8,4 5 1

98

39,f5 0

57

O f f ice

70

4 2 2 ,7 8 5

812

1,92 1

777

90

1 2 ,0 9 5

18

Retail

48

2 1 8 ,0 7 7

333

1 ,5 2 8

319

96

4 ,6 5 3

7

O ther

41

3 1 7 ,5 6 6

517

1 ,6 2 8

494

95

7 ,8 7 8

12

To tat

1 ,1 7 7 3 ,n 3 0 ,0 88

5 ,1 7 3

1 ,5 0 8

4 ,9 9 0

96

6 3 ,8 76

93

P ro je c t

84

84

4 ,5 8 1

7

T o ta l

1177  ru n nas

5 257

1 508

5 075

9

8 8 56

100

1) The above table refers to the properties owned by Balde r at the end of the period. Sold properties have been excluded and acquired properties have been

estim ated using full-year values. O ther properties include hotel, educational, nursing, industrial and m ixed-use properties.

D istributed by region inclu ding projects, %

r\ n

-- H e lsin g fo rs , 31  resu n d , 12
G  teb o rg, 20 ------------N o r r , 3 S to c k h o lm , 2 0
 st, 14

ding/projects, %

inclu
B o stad , 64 Kontor, 18  v rig t, 12  H a n d e l, 7

In 2015, the trend o f investing in residential properties has continued to be a very attractive investment. Resi dential properties generally have a low risk in view o f the prevailing housing shortage in essentially all o f Sweden
and thefact that new apartment construction is not jS
sufficientfo r current andfuture needs.

The supply of residential properties in metropolitan areas is low as previously, which has meant that some operators have directed their interest towards pro perties in the so-called million program me or in residential properties in smaller cities geographically located throughout Sweden. The number of players that have chosen residential properties as an in vestment object has increased during the year. Foreign buyers have also returned to the Swedish market.
In view of a shrinking transaction mar ket for residential properties and lower yields, Balder has continued its strategy, which means development of existing properties and increased new production of apartments in the longer term. The goal is through the company's own pro jects to create new and higher property values and better yields than what the existing transaction market can offer in the residential segment.
In Gothenburg and Stockholm, among other cities, work is ongoing with new
32 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

detailed development plans, which will mean a broader supply of apartments. Traditional apartment blocks are mixed with other forms of housing, such as smaller terraced houses and tenant-ow ner's apartments. This means that Balder creates more efficient use of existing land and that areas become more attractive from a residential perspective.
Balder has acquired a property in Mln dal, Bastuban 1 of 47,000 sq.m. commer cial floor space and 90,000 sq. m. ground area. The property is classified in Balder as a real estate project and the goal in the first instance is to plan and convert offices into apartments.
In Copenhagen, about 120 apartments were completed for occupation during 2015 and a further about 1,000 apart ments are under construction.
Associated companies In order to boost the volume of newly constructed apartments, Balder apart from under its own management, wants
F-136

to also create the possibility for an even greater increase in the volume of apart ments together with a number of strong partners.
Together with the Third Swedish National Pension Fund, Balder has for med a company for investments in new construction of rental properties in the three metropolitan regions and growth areas with a positive population trend.
During the year, Balder became a part-owner of Brinova Properties AB together with Backahill AB, among other players. Brinova Fastigheter AB had property holdings of about SEK 1 billion at year-end. The goal is to expand the property portfolio in residential, public and commercial properties, particularly in southern Sweden.
During the year, Balder became a part-owner of Tornet Bostadsproduktion, which concentrates on construction of tenancy rights for long-term ownership. Other shareholders in Tornet are Peab, Folksam and Riksbyggen. At present,

the property portfolio includes about 700 apartments and there is ongoing projects/construction of a further about 700 apartments.
Together with K-Fastigheter, Balder during 2015 has completed the construc tion of 128 apartments in Vsterhaninge, Stockholm and in Nynshamn. New construction of apartments is ongoing in Helsingborg, among other places. More information about Balder's associated companies is available on pages 50-52.
While Balder has increased its holdings of residential properties through new production, a number of properties were divested during the year. This mainly occurred in cities where Balder does not have any local management unit or where the property portfolio is too small to get efficient management. Divest ments of all properties were completed in Skultorp and Tidaholm and also after year-end of all properties in Skara and Treboda.
According to the IPD Swedish Property

Index, investments in residential proper-

ties displayed an annual, average total

yield of about 9.0 per cent during the past five-year period. The total yield includes

increases in value together with the

annual yield. In 2015, residential property sales
amounted to about SEK 35 billion. The

ten largest transactions accounted for

approximately SEK 12 billion, in other words 34 per cent.

A more detailed description of the tran-

sactions is available on pages 36-38.

Estimated and recorded yield values and price levels for residential properties in A locations were as follows:

Place

Yield, %

Price per sq.m. , SEK

Stockholm Gothenburg Malmo Copenhagen Helsinki

1.25 - 1.50 50,000 - 60,000 2.25 - 2.50 22,000 - 27,000 3.00 - 3.50 20,000 - 22,500 2.00 - 3.00 36,000 - 41,000 4.20 - 4.60 50,000 - 54,000

Source: Fastighetsvarlden, Association o f D anish M ortgage Banks, Red Property Advisors och KTI F in la n d .!

F-137

Balder's residential properties
Number of properties Lettable area, sq.m. thousands Number of apartments Rental value, SEKm Economic occupancy rate, % Carrying amount, SEKm

1,018
2,472 37,008
3,511 98
39,250

Residential properties, geographical

distribution

Sq.m.

Area

thousands

%

Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North Total

943

38

137

6

409

17

145

6

689

28

149

6

2,472

100

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT2015 33

Commercial fttoperUer
A continued low interest rate level with an expected negative repo rate until late 2017, meant that the marketfo r commercial properties in Sweden was still very good even during 2015.

Yield requirements have fallen further, particularly in big cities. Demand for acquiring properties was greater than supply in the market, as a result of a sharp increase in capital inflows from non-European players, among other factors. The opportunities were also good in Sweden both in terms of traditional bank financing and financing via new issues and bonds.
Balder also continued its strategy of reducing its property holdings in less central areas in the Stockholm region and in locations where Balder does not have representation in the form of a local office or its own property management personnel. For a number of years, the focus instead has been on acquiring and owning commercial properties in central parts of Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo. During the year, a central proper ty was acquired in Gothenburg, among other things.
The structural work on refining the commercial property portfolio during 2015 meant that Balder was a net seller of commercial properties. This is a deli berate strategy in view of the fact that it was easlier to sell properties in slightly less central areas and locations than to acquire in the priority locations for Balder.
As shown in the Residential properties section on pages 32-33, a shift occurred during the year in relation to invest ments from commercial properties to more apartment construction projects, collaboration with associated companies and investments in existing property companies such as the Finnish property company Sato Oyj.

The portfolio of hotel properties has been supplemented with a property in Stockholm. In addition, a property was ac quired in central Copenhagen, which will be converted to a hotel and is expected to be ready in early 2017. The total number of hotel contracts amounts to 32 and the hotel portfolio now includes about 5,200 rooms in total. For some years Balder has viewed the hotel segment as an attractive investment area. The yield requirement has been higher than most other pro perty categories and interest from other property companies has not been so strong. Balder has grown to become the second largest player in hotel properties in Sweden. During 2015, interest for hotel properties increased very sharply and the number of players that want to invest in hotel properties includes both Swedish and foreign property companies as well as institutional investors. The interest for hotel properties has meant that yields have fallen to levels approaching central office properties in Sweden's metropoli tan areas.
Demand for central office properties is still good. Vacancy levels in Stockholm and Gothenburg amount to just under 4 per cent, which means the same levels as during 2014. In Malm, the vacancy rate is higher and came in at around 8.5 per cent. An increase occurred in 2015 of about 2 percentage points, mainly due to new production of office properties in Vstra Hamnen.
Balder has an experienced and compe tent letting organisation that continually works with letting vacant premises while finding solutions for premises issues for

potential tenants. Balder's economic occupancy rate for commercial properties was 93 per cent (93) at year-end.
According to the IPD Swedish Property Index, investments in commercial pro perties displayed an annual, average total yield of approximately 9.8 per cent during the past five-year period. The total yield includes increases in value together with the annual yield.
During 2015, the transaction volume did not really meet the same level as in 2014. According to NAI Svefa, commercial property turnover was SEK 105m during 2015, compared to SEK 114m during 2014. The ten largest transactions ac counted for approximately SEK 36 billion, in other words almost 34 per cent.
The value of Balder's property holdings in Stockholm's inner city amounted to about SEK 7.4 billion, which corresponds to 67 per cent of the total value of its commercial properties in the region. Balder's average value per sq.m. for office properties with central locations in Stockholm amounts to approximately SEK 58,000.
The equivalent figures in Gothenburg are SEK 6.1 billion and 68 per cent, and SEK 2.2 billion and 68 per cent in Malmo. The average value per sq.m. for office properties with central locations in Go thenburg amounts to approximately SEK 36,000 and to approximately SEK 30,000 in Malmo.
A more detailed description of the tran sactions is available on pages 36-38.

34 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-138

Estimated and recorded yield values and price levels for residential proper

ties in A locations were as follows:

Place

Yield, %

Price per sq.m., SEK

Stockholm Gothenburg Malm

3.75 - 4.00 4.75 - 5.00 5.25 - 5.75

80,000 - 100,000 32,000 - 42,000 20,000 - 35,000

Source: Fastighetsvarlden

Balder's commercial properties
Number of properties Lettable area, sq.m. thousands Rental value, SEKm Economic occupancy rate, % Carrying amount, SEKm

159 958 1,662
93 24,626

Commercial properties, geographical distribution

Area
Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North Total

Sq.m.

thousands

%

0

0

319

33

371

39

153

16

99

10

16

2

958

100

T a n ac to n s

2015 was dominated by the new construction of apartments in Copenhagen and the acquisition o f 53 per cent of the shares in the Finnish property compa ny Sato Oyj. Divestments o f commercial properties in
smaller cities and in suburbs o f big cities also continued in 2015.

The transaction market in Sweden was very strong in recent years with rising property prices as a consequence. Balder has therefore chosen to diversify its property holdings to the other Nordic markets in order not be concentrated towards one market. On 31 December, Balder had about 45 per cent of its pro perty value outside Sweden.
Acquisitions During the year, Balder gradually acquired shares in the residential housing com pany Sato Oyj and became the majority owner on 30 December with 53 per cent of the capital and votes. Through the majority ownership, Sato's balance sheet is consolidated, corresponding to a property value of about SEK 26 billion. Sato only owns residential properties, of which about 80 per cent are located in Helsinki and the remainder are in Finnish growth regions and in St Petersburg. For more information about Sato Oyj, see page 39. During 2015, Balder also realised the investments in new construction projects that the company initiated some years ago. Balder today has about 1,000 apartments under construction in Copen hagen, equivalent to a project value of about SEK 3,000m. All apartments that are built are divided into condomini ums, which means that they can be sold individually. However, Balder has not sold any apartments but will choose to rent them out to create a portfolio of residential properties in Copenhagen. The apartments will be completed between 2016-2018.

Divestments Balder's strategy is to own commercial properties in the central parts of the Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo met ropolitan areas. In 2015, Balder thus con tinued to divest properties in the suburbs of big cities and in smaller cities. During 2015, Balder sold commercial properties in these areas for a sales total of SEK 1,613m. Balder has also elected to divest residential properties in places where the company cannot sustain a sufficiently large management unit. During the year, Balder agreed to sell all its properties in Skara and Toreboda. The divestments carried out generated a profit of SEK 65m, equivalent to a selling price of 5 per cent above the carrying amount.
A cq u S to n s
per propertycategory,SEKm
Hotel, 668
Project, 1,489
Office, 24
D ti/eA tr n m tA per property c ategory, SEKm
Residence, 79 Other, 231 Trade, 184 Office, 1,119

36 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-140

W_

Cr

r--

B

S

_____Z_j

in 1i i

l i_

--" ! Il |"|1 --IjV|! *<  K --*-|riti 0 1"II til L_ 1|1!>i1i!j1i1

J S!"n ~Sj VF" : ii il liE.L

'

ETj

ZHt  --r

" - i* ?

1

f li V 1V1 _!.

w

Enjyj

f" "*'

--

,/ l"-. 4 J k

Property transactions 2015

Acquisitions
Quarter One One One Two Three Three Three Three Four Total

Number Name of property

Municipality

1

Snflingan 3

Stockholm

1

Inom Vallgraven 54:10

Gothenburg

1

Sundby Overdrev (Lavetten)

Copenhagen

4

Bovieran

1

954 b Sundby Overdrev (321)

Copenhagen

1

1041 Sundbyoster (resund Strandpark)

Copenhagen

1

273 Vestervold kvarter (Niels Brocks Gade) Copenhagen

1

Bastuban 1

Mlndal

712

Acquisition of Sato Oyj

723

Finland

Divestments
Quarter One One One Two Two Two Two Two Two Three Four Total

Number Name of property

1

Murmstaren 3

1

Skultorp 1:58

1

Skultorp 36:1

13

All properties

1

Jakobsberg 2:2583

1

Eken 14

1

Vreten 8

1

Vreten 17

1

Vreten 25

1

Oden 7

1

Dingersj 3:135

23

Municipality
Stockholm Skvde Skvde Tidaholm Jrflla Sundbyberg Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Trollhttan Sundsvall

Property category
Hotel Office Project Project Project Project Project Project Residential
Property category
Office Residential Residential Residential Other Office Office Office Office Retail Other

Lettable area, sq.m.
22,000 875 0 0 0 0 0
47,054 1,334,595 1,404,524
Lettable area, sq.m.
16,086 3,229 1,229 6,768
22,054 8,913
11,919 6,550
12,610 16,253
1,677 107,288

38 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-142

Sato O y

In 2015, Balder gradually acquired shares in Sato Oyj and reached 53 per cent as o f 30 December, which means that Sato is consolidated in
Balder's balance sheetfo r 2015.

On 1 April 2015, Balder carried out its first acquisition of shares in Sato Oyj, which is Finland's second largest housing company, equivalent to 21 per cent of the outstanding shares and voting rights.
Balder has subsequently gradually acquired more shares in Sato. On 30 December, Balder acquired a further 22.9 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes, and together with the previous total holdings of shares and votes, which amounted to 30.4 per cent, means that Balder owns 53.3 per cent in total of the outstanding shares and votes and therefore has consolidated Sato from 31 December 2015. The company's earnings during the year are recognised in Balder as profit from participations in associated companies.
Sato is a property company, which has high-quality properties in excellent loca tions that complement Balder's existing operations and property portfolio. The number of employees in Sato amounted to 170 people on 31 December, of which

110 were women. Sato owns just over 23,000 apartments. 80 per cent of the properties are located in Helsinki and the remainder in Tampere, Oulu, Turku, Jyvaskyla and St. Petersburg. Sato's property value has developed positively in recent years through acquisitions and construc tion under its own management. Sato has more than 1,200 rental apartments under construction and 545 rental apart ments were completed during 2015.
The housing market in Finland consists of 2.6 million apartments, of which two thirds are condominiums and one third are rental apartments. Sato's share of the rental market is about 3 per cent. The largest owners in the Finnish market are insurance companies, pension funds and municipalities, where the municipalities usually own apartments for social pur poses. Demand for smaller apartments exceeds supply, especially in the Helsinki region. Sato's apartments have an avera ge area of 57 sq. m. For more information, visit Sato's website www.sato.fi
F-143

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT2015 39

if Wfe

`JSRslp Bfvnv 7^* ,
Kt

v" 

j  *tjT

/ JM f  jfl
Mws i

Bovieran
Bovieran's housing is a unique conceptfo r those aged 55+ that standsfo r experience, security and socialfellowship.

The Riviera as a source of inspiration Bovieran plans, develops and builds con cept properties in the form of tenant-ow ner's apartments for senior residents.
The company was founded in 2005 and the first tenant-owners moved in to Bovieran in Partille during summer 2009. In 2013, the collaboration with Balder began and from spring 2015, Bovieran AB became 100%-owned by Balder. The win ter garden is Bovieran's natural meeting place and offers a shared space without rain and snow clearing.

Security in focus All Bovieran facilities are completely iden tical and consist of 48 tenant-owner's apartments. The property is built in a U-shape featuring a 1,600 sq.m. glazed-in winter garden in the middle.
Since its inception, 13 Bovieran facili ties have been built throughout central Sweden. To date, the concept has been a success and more establishments are in progress. For more information, visit Bovieran's website www.bovieran.se

Quick facts 2015 Ongoing construction projects: Enkping, Helsingborg, Falun, Sala and Skvde
Occupation: Haninge, Linkping, Jrflla and Norrkping
Sales in progress: Falun, Sala, Skvde and rebro II
Planned projects: Borgholm, Karlstad, Kalmar II, Lands krona, Oskarshamn, Stenungssund, Strngns, Svedala, Sdertlje, Trelleborg, Viken-Hgans, Vxj and Ystad

40 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-144

i b'.

Property and project de/dopm ent

Balder considers that it is important in property development transactions to be able to control the entire value chain,from acquisition of land to completion of the project.

During the year, Balder continued the work on building up its operations and expanding the property development organisation. A large number of detail development plans are ongoing, inclu ding densification and development of the existing property portfolio, externally acquired real estate projects and muni cipal land allocations. The ambition over time is to create an extensive portfolio of building rights relating to development properties and real estate projects, with the goal of producing a large number of new apartments annually both rental apartments and tenant-owner's apart ments in Stockholm, Gothenburg and the Oresund region.
In 2015, we started construction of
42 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

650 apartments and we have more than 1,000 apartments in total under construction.
Property development will mainly concentrate on residential projects. Com mercial property development will con centrate on supporting housing projects and will be a part of the requirements for new detailed development plans. Through active property development, the ambition is to participate in changes to city districts, as well as individual property's conditions or use and thereby create value. By improving the existing property portfolio, land allocations and acquisitions, Balder wants to be a long-term player in property and urban development.
F-146

Where Balder is already a property owner, the company will focus on crea ting new building rights on existing land. Where there are opportunities for con versions to tenant-owner's associations, they will be evaluated. Our ambition is to invest in areas where we already operate, with a main emphasis on Stockholm, Gothenburg and the resund region, including Copenhagen.
Balder considers that it is important in property development transactions to be able to control the entire value chain, from acquisition of land to completion of a project. The development process oc curs in different phases and can take se veral years, and therefore it is important that it proceeds in close cooperation with municipalities and other stakeholders.

Plan/nedprojects
Stockholm
In the property Gladan 3 on Kungshol men in Stockholm, Balder plans to replace the existing office property with about 100 new tenant-owner's apartments, premises and a pleasant inner courtyard on the ground floor. The design of the building is in harmony with the existing character of the building and will be horseshoe-shaped with various ceiling heights up to 11 floors. The strategic position in Stockholm, the good com munications and proximity to the water creates an exclusive form of housing. The detailed development plan is expected to be adopted in early 2017.

Only a stone's throw from Amager Strand, Balder is constructing 450 apart ments in the new resunds Park district, which is also called Copenhagen's Riviera. Construction of the project has started and will be completed in phases featuring a mixed development. The design is cha racterised by good Danish architecture.
The proximity to the seashore and lagoon offers both relaxation and an active life where a multitude of sporting activities and cultural activities are ar ranged. Meanwhile, Copenhagen's rich urban life is within a walking distance an exclusive and unique form of housing. The district is expected to be finished in 2018.
During 2015, Balder acquired a real estate project in restad "restad 321", which is located in Copenhagen's most modern and expansive area. There is also an extensive view from the apartments over green meadows and pastures. Construction of the 156 rental apart ments has begun and the project is ex pected to be ready for occupation during summer 2017.

F-147

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT2015 43

When Gothenburg celebrates 400 years in 2021, 7,000 new apartments will be ready, apart from the regular housing construction.
The initiative has been named BoStad2021 and is part of Gothenburg 400-year jubilee with the aim of making Gothenburg into an even better city.. The initiative is a unique collaborative project where the City of Gothenburg and the business community are partnering to increase the construction rate, achieve a better mix, more accessibility and create good value apartments in a children-friendly, dense and green city.
Of the 7,000 apartments, which is the adopted target for the initiative, Balder's share is just over 1,000 apartments, distributed among four areas - Sdra Bergsjn, Svartedalen, Vstra Frlunda and Majorna.
In Sdra Bergsjn, Balder will construct about 150 apartments, of which about 75 are terraced houses. One of the goals is to increase comfort in the area and create opportunities for getting on the housing ladder through varied development. The detailed development plan is expected to be adopted during 2017.
In Svartedalen along Lngstrmsgatan, Balder is planning to construct about 350 apartments in varied development in the form of tower and slab blocks. The area borders the spacious Lngstrm park area and has a central and attractive location at Hisingen. Nursery schools will be built

in the area. The detailed development plan is expected to be adopted during 2017.
At Munspelsgatan i Vstra Frlunda, Balder is planning to construct about 450 apartments, mainly tenant-owner's rights adjacent to Balder's existing pro perty holdings, the so-called Stjrnhusen (star-shaped buildings). Proximity to the sea towards the west and Frlunda Torg make the area attractice. The detailed development plan is expected to be adop

ted during 2017. Next to Alvsborgsbron in Majorna,
Balder in collaboration with HSB is deve loping the old Fixfabriken, which is a wellknown landmark in Gothenburg. Part of the area is included in the Jubilee initiati ve with 500 tenant-owner's apartments in a picturesque environment where half of the apartments are Balder's. The area is located in one of the most attractive areas of Gothenburg.

44 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-148

Property vatuaattm
Balder's property portfolio consists o f almost 1,200 properties, of which over 1,000 are residential properties.

The market value of Balder's properties reflects the future cash flow that is computed at present value using a yield requirement. The more predictable the future cash flow, of course the easier it is to determine the market value of the properties. The cash flows of residential properties are usually very predictable as the income is divided among a large number of tenants, which makes it easy to determine at what rent it will be let out at again in the event of a vacancy. Balder's commercial leases have an aver age lease term of 6.3 years. The 10 largest leases represent 6.1 per cent of the total rental income, with an average lease term of 11.1 years. These circumstances mean that a large number of Balder's fu ture cash flows that make up the future market value are known.
The properties in Balder where the future cash flow is least predictable are mainly concentrated towards the central areas of the large cities of Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo. It is in those properties that we are most dependent on future lettings. But it is also there that we have to make an estimate in our valuations of what rent a premises can be let out for again in the event it becomes vacant. The big cities offer good transparency with comparative rental rates, which means that rental rates can be determined with great certainty. However, the time of further letting is more difficult to determine, which means that we have to make an assessment based on market demand, historical in terest, similar premises etc. An estimate is also made of the future development of the immediate surroundings as well as the position of the property within its market segment.
The value of the properties is based on internal valuations. The rental trend for the property portfolio is expected to follow inflation over time. Commercial leases include indexation, which means that the rent develops at the same rate

as the CPI, consumer price index, during the leasing period. Residential properties have historically developed a little better than the CPI, but in its valuations, Balder has assumed that the rent develops in line with inflation. The total rental value amounted to SEK 5,257m on 31 Decem ber 2015.
Operating and maintenance payments Assumptions have been made regarding future operating and maintenance pay ments. These assumptions are based on historic outcomes and future projections as well as estimated standardised costs. Operating and maintenance costs are adjusted upwards each year by inflation.
Yield requirement and cost of capital Yield requirements and the cost of capital used in the valuation model have been derived from comparable transactions in the property market. Important factors in choosing a yield requirement are location, rental rate, vacancy rate and the condi tion of the property. Market assessments of properties always involve a certain amount of uncertainty in the assump tions and estimates made. The uncerta inty in respect of individual properties is normally considered to be in the range of +/- 5-10 per cent. Balder continually mo nitors the transactions that are comple ted in the market in order to substantiate and guarantee internal valuations. Balder also conducts continual discussions with external actors regarding acquisition and divestment of properties, which provides additional guidance.
On 31 December, Balder's average yield amounted to 5.4 per cent (5.5). The yield requirement for commercial properties amounted on average to 5.3 per cent (5.7) and to 5.4 per cent (5.1) for residential properties.

Change in value of the property portfolio In 2015, Balder acquired properties for SEK 2,183m (7,059) in total. In addition to this, the acquisition of Sato Oyj contri buted to an increase in the property portfolio of SEK 26,477m. Divestments during the year amounted to SEK 1,613m (1,114), which generated a profit of SEK 65m (144). According to Balder's internal valuation, the carrying amount of the properties at year-end amounted to SEK 68,456m (37,382), which corresponds to an unrealised change in value of SEK 3,323m (2,906). The largest share of the market value is found in the Stockholm, Helsinki and Gothenburg regions, which combined represent a property value of SEK 46,032m.
External valuations In order to quality-assure its internal valuations, Balder regularly allows parts of the portfolio to be externally valued during the year. During the fourth quarter of 2015, Balder externally valued about one third of its properties including Sato's property holdings. The external valuations were less than 1 per cent lower than Balder's internal valuation at year-end. The external valuations were carried out during the year by Newsec and JLL. Historically, deviations between Balder's internal and external valuations have been insignificant.
Netoperating incm e
Rolling annual value, SEK/share

0

F-149

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT2015 45

R e g io n
Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North

R e sid e n tia l
Y ie ld re q u ire m e n t fo r e stim a tin g
re sid u a l v a lu e , %
5.25 - 6.50 2.75 - 4.75 3.00 - 8.00 3.45 - 5.50 4.25 - 6.50 4.00 - 5.75

C o m m e rcia l p ro p e rtie s

Y ie ld re q u ire m e n t T h e m e a n v a lu e o f y ie ld re 

fo r e s tim a tin g q u ire m e n ts fo r e stim a tio n

re sid u a l v a lu e , %

o f re sid u a l v a lu e , %

4.00 - 7.00 4.00 - 10.00
4.50 - 6.50 5.75 - 10.00
5.50 - 6.50

l

------------
li1lif4il ii1l*4l n1144



I-
14

u11r44n

V.J1I1

i 111lr447 n111444i m1|1444[

Vtt1-44*4

T* 1\ 44
1+

4+
HI-+

*5--- --

IM I

Rwial valua, Cwtwawi ad

Balderfinances itself through loan capital and equity. The goal is that the equity/ assets ratio shall exceed 35 per cent over time, which means that wefinance our
selves with at least 35 per cent equity and not more than 65 per cent loan capital.

Balder's largest asset class is residential properties, which are characterised by stable cash flows over time as the tenant risk is spread over a large number of payers. This also means that residential properties can be pledged to a higher degree than commercial properties by virtue of security in the cash flow. Today Balder has more than 60 per cent of its property value in residential properties and the majority of the other properties are commercial properties located in the central parts of the Stockholm, Gothen burg and Malmo metropolitan areas. The location of the assets forms a central part of lenders' credit risk assessments. Other important factors include diversification in the form of geography and asset class. Balder has chosen to own residential properties in Copenhagen and Helsinki in order not to be concentrated towards one market. Today about 45 per cent of the

property value is located in these cities and a few other growth areas in Finland. Although we so far have chosen to con centrate to date on residential properties outside Sweden, the assets in Sweden are more diversified in the form of office, hotel, retail and residential properties.
Balder has no official assessment of its credit risk through an external rating, but Balder's subsidiary Sato has an external rating from Moody's of Baa3, which corre sponds to Investment Grade.
Interest-bearing liabilities Of Balder's total financing, about 25 per cent consists of capital market financing and the remainder is bank financing and state subsidised loans, where the latter are raised in Finland. Balder's interest-be aring liabilities amounted to SEK 41,063 m on 31 December. The secured liabilities in relation to total assets amounted to

42.2 per cent (50.6) as of 31 December. On the same date, the net loan-to-value ratio was 52.3 per cent (55.2). The net loan-to-value ratio is calculated as net interest-bearing liabilities divided by net total assets. Balder's fixed credit term amounted to 4.4 years (4.3), the interest rate refixing period was 2.9 years (2.3) and the average interest rate amounted to 2.2 per cent including the effect from interest rate derivatives
Net financial items Net financial items, excluding changes in the value of interest rate derivati ves, amounted to SEK -437m (-531), which was a result of larger average debt, however, the average interest rate was lower during the year. At year-end, Balder's average interest rate was 2.2 per cent (2.6).

48 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-152

Interest maturity structure 2015-12-31

Year
W ithin one year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4 -5 years >5 years Total

Interest rate refixing period

Interest, Propor

SEKm

% tion, %

21,512 304
4,470 1,631 4,012 9,134 41,063

1.1

52

3.3

1

4.5

11

3.1

4

2.6

10

3.2

22

2.2

100

credit facilities and financial investments. Apart from the available liquidity, Balder, at year-end had credit facilities of SEK 4,745m, of which SEK 4,545m were unuti lised. Balder also has credit facilities that fully cover future payments for ongoing new construction projects. Balder's cash flow is relatively evenly distributed during the year as about 70 per cent of the rental income relates to residential rents, which are paid monthly. Remaining rents are mainly paid quarterly.

Netdebtto assets Including cash
%
90 -----------------------------------------------------------------

Financial policy The financial operations at Balder are conducted in accordance with the goals that the Board establishes annually in the financial policy. The goals are set in order to limit the financial risks that Balder is exposed to, which mainly relate to inte rest, refinancing and liquidity risk. The overall goals of the financial policy are:  to secure the supply of short-term and
long-term capital,  that the equity/assets ratio should not
be less than 35 per cent over time,  that the interest coverage ratio should
not be less than 2.0 times.
Liquidity Balder utilises credit facilities in order to balance its liquidity needs. At year-end, Balder's available liquidity amounted to SEK 1,339m (806), which was composed of cash and cash equivalents, unutilised

Financial goals

Outcome Goals 2015 1 2014

Equity/assets ratio, %

35.0 37.8 35.5

Interest coverage ratio, tim es

2.0

5.1 3.4

1) Key ratios in clu d in g Co llecto r AB a t m arket val ue.

Key ratios

2015 11 2014

Return on equity ordinary share, % Return on total assets, % Net debt to assets excluding cash, % Debt/equity ratio, tim es Interest coverage ratio, times Equity/assets ratio, % Average fixed credit term, years Average interest rate refixing period, years

28.2 29.7 10.5 12.4 52.3 55.2
1.4 1.6 5.1 3.4 37.8 35.5 4.4 4.3
2.9 2.3

1) Key ratios in clu d in g Co llecto r AB a t m arket val ue.

F-153

4 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------
SEK/ordinary share
140 -------------------------
0 ---------------------------------------
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT2015 49

Associated c/mp/mtes

Balder's part-owned associated companies together own 55 investment properties, where our share of the carrying amount is SEK 3,701m. Bal der also holds shares in the listed bank Collector, where the participating
interest amounts to approximately 44 per cent.

Balder is a part-owner in property-mana ging associated companies, in associ ated companies that conduct project development and in the bank Collector, see Note 15, Participations in associated companies.
Sato Oyj, where the first shares were acquired in April, was an associated company for most of the year but became a subsidiary on 31 December, as the participating interest reached more than 53 per cent.
During the year, Balder established coo peration with three new partners. Balder currently owns 50 per cent of the shares in Murbruket Holding Fastighets AB, 31 per cent in Tornet Bostadsproduktion AB and 35 per cent in Brinova Fastigheter AB all property-managing companies.
The property-managing associated companies also include Centur, Tulia, Balder Skne and Frsta Lnggatan Fastig-

heter while Fix Holding works with project development.
The property-managing associated companies together own 55 investment properties (51) and real estate projects with a total carrying amount of SEK 8,828m (6,792), a total lettable area of about 367,000 sq.m. (317,000) and a rental value amounting to SEK 552m (400). Profit from property management, i.e. profit excluding changes in value and tax, amounted to SEK 1,193m (427), of which Balder's participation amounted to SEK 457m (195). The companies' profit after tax amounted to SEK 1,777m (646), of which Balder's participation amounted to SEK 831m (317).
Balder's results were affected by changes in value in respect of properties and derivatives of SEK 410m (178) before tax. For more information about Balder's associated companies, see Note 15, Partici pations in associated companies.

Carrying amount
per property category including projects, %
Handel, 32 vrigt, 26 -- Kontor, 27 Bostder, 15
CaWiyinyamount
per region including projects, %
Stockholm,51 Gteborg, 24 resund, 25 -

Balder's participation in the property holdings of property-managing associated companies 11

2015-12-31

Number of properties

Lettable

area, Rental value,

sq.m.

SEKm

Rental value, Rental income, Economic occupancy

SEK/s.q.m.

SEK

rate, %

Distributed by region Stockholm Gothenburg Oresund Total Project Total

36

100,846

156

1,548

152

98

11

47,401

55

1,171

52

93

8

35,073

48

1,382

47

97

55

183,320

260

1,419

251

97

16

16

55

183,320

276

1,419

267

97

Carrying amount,
SEKm

Carrying amount,
%

2,248

51

800

18

654

15

3,701

84

713

16

4,414

100

Distributed by property category

Residential

6

8,228

11

1,329

11

97

210

5

O ffice

10

35,026

69

1,966

64

92

953

22

Retail

31

91,434

99

1,081

96

97

1,396

32

Other

8

48,632

81

1,675

81

99

1,142

26

Total

55

183,320

260

1,419

251

97

3,701

84

Project

16

16

713

16

Total

55

183,320

276

1,419

267

97

4,414

100

1) The above table refers to the properties ow ned by the associated co m pan ies at the end o f the period. Sold properties have been excluded and acquired properties have been e stim ated u sin g fu ll-ye ar v alu es. O the r pro p erties includ e hotel, e du catio n al, n u rsin g, ind u strial and m ixe d -u se properties.

2) Refers to the entire associated co m pan ies portfolio.

50 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-154

Fastighets AB Centur The company is 50%-owned by Peab and Balder and it concentrates on property management, project development and property investments. Project develop ment mainly focuses on construction of new retail and office premises and residential apartments but also improve ments in real estate projects.
The company's largest real estate pro ject is Varvsstaden in Malm, which holds future building rights for about 350,000 sq.m. of residential and commercial space, on the site where Kockums once conducted shipbuilding operations.
At year-end, Centur owned 28 invest ment properties (29) with a lettable area of 202,000 sq.m. (213,000) and a rental value of SEK 246m (232) and 4 real estate projects (3). The carrying amount of the properties amounted to SEK 4,355m (4,061). The properties are located in Stockholm, Gothenburg and the resund region.
Tulia AB Balder owns 50% of Tulia and the remai ning part is owned by Andr 흆erlund AB. At year-end, Tulia owned 22 properties (21) with mainly central locations in Stockholm. The company's total lettable area at year-end amounted to 73,000 sq.m. (71,000) and the carrying amount of the properties totalled SEK 2,227m

(1,999) with a rental value amounting to SEK 140m (131).
Frsta Lnggatan Fastigheter i Gbg HB Balder together with Elof Hansson owns the company Frsta Lnggatan Fastighe ter i Gbg HB, which is the owner of the property Gteborg Masthugget 11:13. The property is located, adjacent to Masthuggstorget and the lettable area amoun ted to 32,000 sq.m. of premises and apartments. The rental value amounts to SEK 48m (44).
Fix Holding AB The company is owned in equal shares by Balder and HSB Gteborg and it owns Fixfabriken in Majorna, which is a fully let building. Fix Holding will develop almost 500 new apartments here with comple mentary business premises.
The new Fixfabriken will be a sensation among residential areas in Gothenburg, and will feature distinctive architecture and excellent housing quality. Equally important is the fact that Fixfabriken will become a vital new addition and a dynamo for continued development, both in the area and in the city as a whole. It will be fantastic housing and it is also intended to serve a model for urban re newal, where participation, transparency and collaboration are not just fine words but firm reality. The objective is to have a

Balder's participation in the property holdings of property-managing associated companies

SEKm

2015 2014 2013

Rental income

244 180 179

Property costs

-53 -35 -40

Net operating income 191 145 140

Carrying amount properties, SEKm
Number of properties
Lettable area, sq.m. thousands

2015 2014 2013 4,414 3,396 2,543
55 57 49 183 158 142

Balder's participation in the balance sheets of property-managing associated companies
2015-12-31 2014-12-31

Assets Properties Other assets Cash and cash equivalents Total assets

4,414 247 61
4,723

3,396 27 24
3,447

Equity and liabilities Equity/ shareholders' loan Interest-bearing liabilities Other liabilities Total equity and liabilities

1,726 2,501
496 4,723

1,230 2,032
185 3,447

F-155

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 51

detailed development plan ready by 2017. Also see www.fixfabriken.se
Balder Skne AB The company is owned in equal shares by Balder and K-Fastigheter and mainly consists of residential properties.
At year-end, the company owned 3 investment properties (3) and 1 real estate project (1) with a value of SEK 322m (304).
The company's total lettable area amounted to 12,000 sq.m. (12,000) with a rental value amounting to SEK 20m (20).
Murbruket Holding Fastighets AB Balder together with Oscar Properties owns Murbruket Holding Property AB, which owns the office property Murms taren 3 on Kungsholmen in Stockholm.
Tornet Bostadsproduktion AB Balder's participating interest amounts to 31 per cent and the other owners are Peab, Folksam and Riksbyggen. Tornet is a company that concentrates on property management, project development and

property investments. The property deve lopment projects relate to new construc tion of residential properties.
At year-end, the company owned 13 investment properties and 7 real estate projects with a value of SEK 1,845m. The properties are located in Stockholm, Gothenburg and the resund region.
The company's total lettable area amounted to 45,000 sq.m. with a rental value amounting to SEK 78m. Also see www.tornet.se
Brinova Fastigheter AB The principal owners in the new company are Balder with 35 per cent, and Backahill with 45 per cent. The property holdings are geograpically concentrated towards southern Sweden and the goal is to crea te a new company with community and residential properties in focus.
At year-end, the company owned 38 investment propertes with a value of SEK 976m. The properties are located in the resund area.
The company's total lettable area amounted to 117,000 sq.m. with a rental

value amounting to SEK 117m. Also see www.brinova.se
Collector AB The company was listed in June and Balder, which is the principal owner, owns about 44 per cent. Collector is a successful bank which is displaying rapid organic growth. The company received its banking licence during the year and has offices in Gothenburg, Stockholm, Malmo, Olso and Helsinki.
The company is a partner focusing on overall solutions in financing, credit ma nagement and the legal field. The balance sheet total at year-end amounted to SEK 10,057m (6,561), sales amounted to SEK 1,187m (916) and profit before tax to SEK 371m (244) and the maket capitalisation was SEK 11,856m.
Balder also recognises consolidated statement of financial position including Collector at market value, in order to clarify Collector's value in Balder. Also see www.collector.se

52 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-156

Opportunities andMsks

All business activity is associated with risks and these may affect the company negatively but they may also create opportunities. Balder works actively with diversification of risks as regards type o f property, geographical distribution and customer composition in order to limit
the company's risk exposure.

Sensitivity analysis
Factor
Rental income Economic occupancy rate Interest-rate level of interest-bearing liabilities Property costs Changes in value of properties

Change
+/- 1 % +/- 1 percentage unit
+ 1 percentage unit
+/- 1% +/- 5%

Earnings effect before tax, SEKm
+/- 51 +/- 53
- 187
-/+ 16 +/- 3,423

Rental income, rental trend and occupancy rate Of Balder's contracted rental income, 64 per cent relates to residential properties and 36 per cent to premises. The compa ny's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the possibility of charging market-related rents as well as customers' payment capacity. If the occupancy rate or rental rates change, irrespective of the reason, Balder's results are affected. Naturally, the risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss of rental income increases the more large individual tenants a property company has. Balder's ten largest leases represent 6.1 per cent of total rental income and their average lease term amounts to 11.1 years. No individual lease accounts for more than 0.9 per cent of Balder's total rental income and no individual customer accounts for more than 2.7 per cent of total rental income. There are no gua rantees that Balder's major tenants will renew or extend their leases when they expire, which in the longer term can lead to altered rental income and vacancies. The dependence on individual tenants decreases in line with Balder's continued growth through acquisitions. In order to limit the risk of falling rental income and a weakened occupancy rate, Balder strives to develop long-term relationships

with the company's existing customers. Balder's leases are normally wholly or partly linked to the consumer price index, in other words, wholly or partly adjusted for inflation.
Balder is dependent on tenants paying agreed rents in time. In some leases, the tenant's obligations are guaranteed by the parent company or through bank guarantees. The risk still remains that tenants will suspend their payments or in other respects will not fulfil their obli gations. If this happens, Balder's results could be affected negatively.
Unlike commercial properties, residen tial properties are covered by regulations which among other things mean that the so-called utility value principle determi nes the setting of the rent.
At year-end, Balder had an economic occupancy rate of 96 percent, which means that the vacancy at year-end amounted to SEK 182m and represents an opportunity for potential new lettings. The table above shows how profit before tax would be affected by a change of +/- 1 per cent in the rental level and +/- 1 per cent in the economic occupancy rate.
Operating and maintenance costs Operating costs mainly consist of costs that are based on usage such as electri city, cleaning, water and heating costs.

F-157

Several of these goods and services can only be purchased from one supplier, which can affect the price. To the extent that possible cost increases are not compensated by adjustments of leases or increases in rent through renegoti ation of leases, Balder's results can be affected negatively. Maintenance costs include measures aimed at maintaining the standard of the properties in the long term. These costs are expensed to the extent they constitute repairs and replacement of smaller areas. Other additional expenses of a maintenance character are capitalised in connection with the expense arising. Unforeseen and extensive repair needs may also affect the results negatively.
Property development One way to increase returns is to construct new properties and develop existing ones through investments. The risks in property development projects include assessments about the rental market trend, but also the design of the product and the execution of the project itself. These risks are limited by only making investments in markets where Balder has good market knowledge, and where there is a strong demand for residential and commercial properties. Quality-assured internal processes and a high level of competency in the project organisation ensure that high quality is maintained in the execution and product and that sustainability requirements are met. During new construction of buildings, demands are always imposed that a large part of the property should be let before the investment begins. The majority of ongoing projects therefore have a high occupancy rate.
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 53

Change in value of the properties 83 per cent of the value of Balder's property portfolio is found in the four metropolitan regions Helsinki, Stock holm, Gothenburg and resund. Balder's investment properties are recognised at fair value in the balance sheet and changes in value are recognised in profit or loss. Unrealised changes in value do not affect the cash flow. Balder carries out an internal valuation of the property portfolio in connection with quarterly reports. Parts of the property portfolio are also externally valued and compared to the internal valuation.
The value of the properties is affected by a number of factors including proper ty-specific factors such as occupancy rate, rental value and operating costs as well as market-specific factors such as yield requirements and the cost of capital.
Both property-specific and market-spe cific changes affect the value of invest ment properties, which in turn impacts the Group's financial position and results.
Dependence on key people Balder's future growth is dependent on the knowledge, experience and com mitment of the Management team and other key people. The company could be affected negatively if one or more of these people would leave the Group.
54 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

Operational risks Balder can incur losses within the fra mework of its operating activities due to defective routines or irregularities. Good internal control, appropriate adminis trative systems, skills development and good access to reliable valuation and risk models provide a good basis for reducing operational risks. Balder continually works on monitoring the company's administrative security and control.
Taxes and changed legislation Changes in corporate and property taxes, as well as other government levies, rent allowance and interest allowance can affect the basis for Balder's operations. It cannot be ruled out that tax rates will change in the future or that other changes will occur in the state system that affect real estate ownership. In most leases, the customer pays his share of the currently charged property tax. Changes in corporate taxation and other govern mental levies, may affect Balder's results. A change in tax legislation or practice which implies changes in possibilities of making tax write-offs or utilising loss carry-forwards, for example, can mean a change in Balder's future tax situation and can thereby also impact results.
F-158

Financial risks Balder's operations are mainly finan ced by equity and loans from external lenders. The relationship between equity and liabilities is managed on the basis of the chosen level of financial risk and the amount of equity needed to meet len ders' requirements for securing loans at market-related conditions. The financing via loans means that Balder is exposed to financing, interest rate and credit risks. Financing conditions include require ments as regards the equity/assets ratio, loan-to-value ratio and interest coverage ratio.
Refinancing risk Refinancing risk refers to the risk that financing cannot be secured at all, or only at a significantly increased cost. Balder conducts continual discussions with banks and credit institutions aimed at securing the long-term financing. Balder cooperates closely with a handful of lenders in order to secure the company's long-term capital requirements.
Interest rate risk Interest rate risk is defined as the risk that changes in the level of interest rates will affect Balder's financing expense. The interest expense is Balder's single

largest cost item. Interest expenses are mainly affected by the current level of the market rate of interest and the credit institutions' margins and by what strategy Balder chooses for interest rate refixing periods. Market rates of interest are mainly affected by the expected inflation rate. In times of rising inflation expectations, the interest rate level can be expected to rise, which immediately increases the interest expense on loans with short maturities.
Balder has a large proportion of loans which run according to short interest rate refixing periods. Balder deploys interest rate derivatives as part of its interest risk management, in order to achieve prefer red interest rate refixing periods.
Credit risk Credit risk is defined as the risk that Balder's counterparties cannot fulfil their financial obligations towards Balder. Cre dit risk in the financial operations arises during investment of excess liquidity, on entering into interest rate swap contracts and in connection with issued credit agreements. As regards Balder's trade receivables, customary credit checks are carried out before a new lease is entered into.

Currency risk Balder owns properties via subsidiaries in Denmark and in Finland. Companies' re venue and costs are in local currency and are thereby exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates from a Group standpoint. Currency risk also arises in translation of the assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries to the currency of the parent company.
Environmental risk Property management and property development have an environmental im pact. Balder has established an environ mental policy and works actively with environmental issues. Under the Environ mental Code, the party conducting an ac tivity which has contributed to pollution is also responsible for after-treatment. If the party conducting the activity cannot carry out or pay for the after-treatment of a property, the party acquiring the property and that on the acquisition date was aware of or that should have then discovered the pollution, is responsible. Since Balder mainly owns residential, office and retail properties, this risk is considered limited.
F-159

Maturity structure of comm ercialteasjec/m traots
Number of commercial tm /m ,/vernm ta l value
-250 251- 501- 1 001- 3 001 500 1 000 3 000
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 55

F-160

Finatnoiad
Return on equity, ordinary share, % Profit after tax reduced by preference share dividend for the period in relation to average equity after deduction o f the preference capital. The profit was converted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts w ithout taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations w ith the exception of changes in value.
Return on total assets, % Profit before tax with addition of net financial item s in relation to average balance sheet total. The profit w as converted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts w ithout taking account o f seasonal variations that norm ally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value.
Profit from property management, SEKm Profit before ta x w ith reversal o f changes in value. Reversal o f changes in value and ta x as regards participation in profits o f associated companies also takes place.
Net loan-to-value ratio, % Interest-bearing liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and financial investm ents in relation to total assets less cash and cash equi valents and financial investments.
Interest coverage ratio, times Profit before tax with reversal of net financial item s, changes in value and changes in value and ta x as regards participation in profits o f as sociated com panies, in relation to net financial items.
Debt/equity ratio, times Interest-bearing liabilities in relation to equity.
Equity/assets ratio, % Shareholders' equity in relation to total assets at the end o f the period.

Calmdop

Annual General Meeting

10 May 2016

Interim report January - March 2016

10 May 2016

Interim report January - June 2016

23 August 2016

Interim report

3 November 2016

January - September 2016

Year-end report

22 February 2017

January - December 2016

Photos: H G b ild M a t tia s H a n s s o n ,  k e G u n n a rs s o n V U E AB, Jo natan Svennered, D igitalstu d io n AB Form: B u s in e s s & E m o tio n s Printing: B ille s T ryck eri

S/ope-njelaated
Equity per ordinary share, SEK Shareholders' equity in relation to the number of outstanding ordinary shares at the end of the period after deduction o f the preference capital.
Equity per preference share, SEK Equity per preference share is equivalent to the average issue price o f the preference share of SEK 287.70 per share.
Profit from property management per ordinary share, SEK Profit from property management reduced by preference share dividend for the period divided by the average num ber o f o utstand in g ordinary shares.
Average number of shares The number of outstanding shares at the start o f the period, adjusted by the num ber of shares issued during the period weighted by the number of days that the shares have been o utstand in g in relation to the total num ber of days during the period.
Non-current net asset value per ordinary share (EPRA NAV), SEK Shareholders' equity per ordinary share with reversal of interest rate derivatives and defer red tax according to balance sheet.
Profit after tax per ordinary share, SEK Profit attributable to the average number of ordinary shares after consideration of the preference share dividend for the period..

FaAgwU, AB Baldop (publ)

www.balder.se info@ balder.se Org.nr 556525-6905
Head office Vasagatan 54 Box 53 121 400 15 Gothenburg Tel. +4 6 31 10 95 70 Fax +46 31 10 95 99

G othenburg region
Wetterlinsgatan 11 G 521 34 Falkping Tel. +4 6 515 72 14 80 Fax +4 6 515 71 12 18
Timmervgen 9 A 541 64 Skvde Tel. +4 6 500 47 88 50 Fax +4 6 500 42 84 78

From 16 May our new address is: Parkgatan 49 Box 53 121 411 39 Gothenburg

Vasagatan 54 Box 53 121 400 15 Gothenburg Tel. +4 6 31 10 95 70 Fax +4 6 31 10 95 99

Stockholm region
Drottninggatan 108 113 60 Stockholm Tel. +4 6 8 735 37 70 Fax +46 8 735 37 79

East region
Hospitalsgatan 11 602 27 Norrkping Tel. +46 11 15 88 90 Fax +4 6 11 12 53 05

Vrby All 14 143 40 Vrby Tel. +4 6 8 735 37 70 Fax +46 8 710 22 70

Kapellgatan 29 A 732 45 Arboga Tel. +4 6 589 194 50 Fax +4 6 589 170 45 Rnnbergagatan 10

Pnopjerty-nelajted
Yield, % Estimated net operating income on an annual basis in relation to the fair value o f the proper ties at the end of the period.
Net operating income, SEKm Rental income less property costs.
Economic occupancy rate, % Contracted rent for leases which are running at the end o f the period in relation to rental value.
Property category Classified according to the principal use of the property. The break-down is made into office, retail, residential and other properties. Other properties include hotel, educational, care, industrial/warehouse and mixed-use properties. The property category is determined by w hat the largest part o f the property is used for.
Property costs, SEKm This item includes direct property costs, such as operating expenses, media expenses, main tenance, ground rent and property tax.
Rental value, SEKm Contracted rent and estim ated m arket rent for vacant premises.
Surplus ratio, SEKm % Net operating incom e in relation to rental in co m e.

723 46 Vsters Tel. +4 6 21 14 90 98 Fax +46 21 83 08 38

252 25 Helsingborg Tel. + 4 6 42 17 21 30 Fax +46 42 14 04 34

Storgatan 51 573 32 Trans Tel. +4 6 140 654 80 Fax +46 140 530 35
Tunadalsgatan 6 731 31 Kping Tel. +4 6 221 377 80 Fax +46 221 132 60
 resun d region
Esplanaden 15 265 34 흒torp Tel. +4 6 42 569 40 Fax +46 42 569 41

N orth region
Forskarvgen 27 804 23 Gvle Tel 026-54 55 80 Fax 026-51 92 20
Sandbcksgatan 5 653 40 Karlstad Tel +46 54 14 81 80 Fax +46 54 15 42 55
Tallvgen 8 854 66 Sundsvall Tel. + 4 6 60 55 47 10 Fax +46 60 55 43 38

Kalendegatan 26 211 35 Malm Tel. +4 6 40 600 96 50 Fax +46 40 600 96 64 Gustav Adolfs Torg 8

Letting +46 20 151 151
Customer service +46 774 49 49 49

57 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-162

The (consolidated statem entoffin a n cia l position including Colector AB (publ) at m arketvalue

Under IFRS, Collector AB (publ) should not be recognised at market value when Balder reports its participation in the profit from associated companies from Collector. In order to clarify Collector's market value, Collector is reported below at the share price as of 31 December.

SEKm

31 dec 2015

Assets Investment properties Other fixed assets Participations in associated com panies 1)

68,456 122
6,549

O ther receivables 2) Cash and cash equivalents and financial investments Total assets

1,497 1,025 77,649

Shareholders' equity and liabilities Shareholders' equity 3) Deferred tax liability Interest-bearing liabilities Derivatives Other liabilities Total equity and liabilities

29,325 4,071
41,063 1,294 1,896
77,649

1) In clu din g B ald e r's m arketable value o f Collector AB (publ). 2) O f w h ich m o st p art refers to receivables in a sso ciate d co m pan ie s. 3) O f w h ich n o n -co n tro llin g interests.

5 ,2 2 4 4 ,3 7 7

Consolidated statem entof changes in equity

SEKm
Opening equity Dividend preference shares Net profit for the year Share issue after issue costs Non-controlling interests arising on the acquisition of subsidiary Adjustm ent of Collector AB (publ) to market value Closing equity

31 dec 2015
14,261 -200 4,909 1,705 4,377 4,273
29,325

The num bers behind B a ld er

Financial reporting 59 Report of the Board of Directors

Consolidated statement of 64 Comprehensive income 65 Financial position 66 Changes in equity 67 Cash flows

F-163

Parent Company 68 Income statement 69 Balance sheet 70 Changes in equity 71 Cash flow statement
72 Notes 93 Audit report

Reportofthe Board of Directors

The Board o f Directors and CEO o f Fastighets AB Balder (publ), corporate identity number 556525-6905, hereby submit the accounts o f the Group and the Parent Companyfo r thefinancialyear 2015. Fastighets AB Balder is listed on Nasdaq
Stockholm, Large Cap segment. The company has approximately 17,200 shareholders (16,300). Comparisons stated in parenthesis refer to the corresponding period of the previous year.

Operations Balder's business concept is to create value by acquiring, developing and mana ging residential properties and commer cial properties based on local support and to create customer value by meeting the needs of different customer groups for premises and housing.
Balder shall aim to achieve such a posi tion in each region whereby the company is a natural partner for potential custo mers that are in need of new premises and/or housing. Growth should occur on the basis of continued profitability and positive cash flows.
Financial goals Balder's goal is to achieve a stable and good return on equity, while the equity/ assets ratio over time shall not be less than 35 per cent and the interest cover age ratio shall not be less than 2.0 times. The outcome in 2015 was 34.1 per cent and 5.1 times, respectively. Including Col lector at market value, the equity/assets ratio was 37.8 per cent.
Organisation Balder's business areas consist of the regions Helsinki, Stockholm, Gothenburg, resund, East and North, which are made up of 17 areas. The regional organisations follow the same basic principles but differ depending on the size and property holdings of each region. Regional offices are responsible for letting, operation, environmental matters and technical management.
The Balder Group, with Fastighets AB Balder as Parent Company, is composed of a large number of limited liability com panies and limited partnership compa

nies. Balder's operational organisation is supported by central accounting, proper ty management and finance functions. The Group had a total of 647 employees (313) on 31 December, of whom 310 (110) were women.
Balder's Management team is compo sed of six people, of whom one is a wo man. For information regarding approved guidelines for remuneration to senior executives, see Note 4, Employees and personnel expenses. The Board will not propose any changes in the guidelines to the Annual General Meeting 2016.
Significant events during the financial year During the year, Balder acquired 53.3 per cent of Sato Oyj, Finland's second largest housing company. Collector AB, an associated company to Balder, was listed during the summer. Balder's participating interest amounted to 44.1 per cent after the listing.
Acquisitions The largest transaction during the year was the gradual acquisition of shares in the housing company Sato Oyj. On 30 December, Balder became the majority owner with 53.3 per cent of the capital and votes. Through the majority ow nership, Sato's balance sheet is consoli dated, corresponding to a property value of about SEK 26 billion. Sato only owns residential properties, of which about 80 per cent are located in Helsinki and the reaminder in growth regions in Finland and in St Petersburg, see Note 32, Busi ness combinations. The acquisition was partly financed by a directed new issue of 10 million ordinary shares.

At the start of the year, the property Stockholm Snflingan 3 was acquired for SEK 668m. The property was completed in 2009 and has a lettable area of about 22,000 sq. m. distributed among 280 rooms and a restaurant. Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm runs the operations.
During the third quarter, the property Mlndal Bastuban 1 was acquired, which today has SCA as the main tenant. The property is classified as a real estate pro ject and Balder's ambition is to develop the property together with Mlndals Stad, for residential purposes in the first instance. It was acquired for SEK 365m and the lettable area is 47,000 sq. m. The site area amounts to almost 90,000 sq. m.
During the year, a number of properties were acquired for project development in Copenhagen.
Divestments Balder's strategy for a number of years has been to divest properties in places where the company cannot sustain a suf ficiently large management unit. During the year, all 13 properties in Tidaholm were divested and a further 10 properties around Sweden. Balder divested proper ties for about SEK 1,613 m during the year. The divestments carried out generated a profit of SEK 65m, equivalent to 5 per cent above the carrying amount.
Other A directed new issue of 10 million ordi nary shares was completed in December, which brought in SEK 1,705 million after issue costs.

59 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-164

The property portfolio Balder's commercial properties are mainly located in the central areas of big cities and the residential properties are located in big cities and in places that are growing and developing positively.
On 31 December, Balder owned 1,177 investment properties (486) with a let table area of 3,430,000 sq.m (2,177,000) with a carrying amount of SEK 68.5 billion (37.4), including project real estate. During the year, 714 investment proper ties (37) with a lettable area of approx imately 1,405,000 sq.m. (330,000) were acquired for SEK 28,660m (7,059). 23 pro perties (41) were divested during the year with a total lettable area of 108,000 sq.m. (139,000) for SEK 1,613m (1,114), which generated a profit of SEK 65m (144). In 2016, Balder will continue the work on consolidating its property portfolio.
When allocating carrying amounts by region, Helsinki amounted to 31 per cent (-), Stockholm to 20 per cent (34), Gothenburg 20 per cent (33), resund 12 per cent (18), East 14 per cent (11) and North 3 per cent (5). Of the carrying amounts, 36 per cent (62) related to com mercial properties and 64 per cent (38) to residential properties.
Earnings Profit from property management for the year amounted to SEK 1,780m (1,275), which corresponds to SEK 9.71 per ordina ry share (6.64). The increase was primarily due to changes in the property portfolio. The profit from property management includes SEK 457m (195) in respect of associated companies, which is included in the income statement in participations in profits from associated companies. Net profit for the year after tax amounted to SEK 4,916m (3,128), corresponding to SEK 28.98 per ordinary share (18.10).
The result was impacted by realised changes in value in respect of properties of SEK 65m (144), unrealised changes in value of properties of SEK 3,323m (2,906), changes in value in respect of interest rate derivatives of SEK 227m (-624) and profit from participations in associated companies of SEK 831m (317).
The Group's rental income amounted to SEK 2,711m (2,525) during the year. The leasing portfolio was estimated to

have a rental value on 31 December of SEK 5,257m (2,885) on a full-year basis. The average rental level for the entire property portfolio amounted to 1,508 SEK/sq.m. (1,325). The increase in the average rental level was mainly due to changes in the property portfolio. The rental income shows a considerable diversification of risks as regards tenants, sectors and locations.
The economic occupancy rate amoun ted to 96 per cent (95) on the closing date. On 31 December, the total rental value for unlet areas amounted to SEK 182m (155) on a full-year basis.
Property costs amounted to SEK 767m (760) during the year. The increase in pro perty costs was mainly due to the change in the property portfolio and a mild win ter with very little snow. Net operating income increased by 10 per cent to SEK 1,944m (1,766), which provided a surplus ratio of 72 per cent (70).
Net financial items, excluding changes in value of derivatives amounted to SEK -437m (-531) and changes in value of interest rate derivatives amounted to SEK 227m (-624). The positive change in value during the year was due to a rise in the level of interest rates which means that the difference in relation to the contracted interest rate level of interest rate derivatives has decreased.
Derivatives are continually recogni sed at fair value in the balance sheet and changes in value are recognised in the income statement without using hedge accounting. Changes in value from derivatives arise in the event of changed interest-rate levels and do not affect cash flow, as long as they are not sold during the period. Balder has hedged against higher levels of interest rates, which means that the market value of derivatives decreases during a period of downward interest rates. The deficit in respect of interest rate derivatives amounted to SEK 1,294m (1,086) at

year-end. The deficit on derivatives will be released during the remaining term and recognised as income. This means that Balder has a reserve of SEK 1,294m that will be reversed to equity in its entirety, adjusted by deferred tax, in line with the maturity of the interest rate derivatives.
Net financial items are equivalent to an average interest rate of 1.8 per cent (2.7) including the effect of accrued interest from Balder's interest rate derivatives.
Multi-year summary See page 7.
Value of the properties Balder carried out an internal valua tion on 31 December of the property portfolio, based on a ten-year cash flow model. Each property is individually valued by computing the present value of future cash flows, in other words future rent payments less estimated operating and maintenance payments. The cash flow is adjusted to the market by taking account of changes in letting levels and occupancy rates as well as operating and maintenance payments.
The valuation is based on an individual assessment of each property, as well as future cash flows and the yield require ment. For a more detailed description of Balder's property valuation see Note 13, Investment properties.
Market assessments of properties always involve a certain amount of uncer tainty in the assumptions and estimates made. In order to quality-assure its in ternal valuations, Balder regularly allows parts of the portfolio to be externally valued during the year. During the fourth quarter, Balder externally valued about one third of its property portfolio. The externally valued properties are located in Helsinki, Skne, Gothenburg and Stockholm. The external valuation was less than 1 per cent lower than Balder's internal valuation at year-end

Sensitivity analysis Factor

Change

Earnings effect before tax, SEKm

Rental income Economic occupancy rate Interest-rate level of interest-bearing liabilities Property costs Changes in value of properties

+/- i %
+ / - 1 percentage unit + 1 percentage unit
+/- 1%
+/- 5%

+ / - 51 + / - 53 - 187 - / + 16 + /- 3 423

F-165

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 60

On 31 December, Balder's average yield requirement amounted to 5.4 per cent (5.5), excluding project real estate and property development projects, which was 0.1 percentage units lower than at the start of the year. The reduction in the yield requirement is attributable to the strong prevailing demand for properties. Our assessment is that the new yield requirement better reflects the market's determination of prices.
On 31 December, the carrying amount of the investment properties amounted to SEK 68,456m (37,382), according to the individual internal valuation, which implied an unrealised change in value of SEK 3,323m (2,906).
Taxes Balder reported current tax revenue of SEK 4m (-11) and a deferred tax expense of SEK -866 (-682).
Current tax and deferred tax have been calculated based on the applicable tax rate for 2015. Current tax only arises in exceptional cases on account of the possibilities of making tax write-offs, tax deductions for certain investments in properties and use of existing loss carry-forwards. For the small number of subsidiaries where no group contribu tions for tax purposes exist, current tax can arise. Current tax for the year mainly relates to companies acquired and dive sted during the year.
Deferred tax is calculated on the temporary differences arising after the acquisition date. The Group's deferred tax liability has been calculated as the value of the net of fiscal deficits and the tem porary differences between the carrying amounts and values for tax purposes of properties and interest rate derivatives. Deferred tax liabilities amounted to SEK 4,071m (1,549). For more detailed infor mation, see Note 11, Taxes.
Cash flow and financial position Balder's assets amounted to SEK 73,376m (40,185) on 31 December. These have been financed by equity of SEK 25,052m (14,261) and by liabilities of SEK 48,324m (25,923) of which SEK 41,063m (22,378) are interest-bearing.
Cash flow from operating activities be

fore changes in working capital amounted to SEK 1,193m (1,038). Investing activities have burdened the cash flow by SEK 5,635m (6,708). During the year, acquisi tion of properties of SEK 2,097m (6,835), investments in existing properties and projects of SEK 791m (700), investments in property, plant and equipment, financial investments, associated companies and subsidiaries of SEK 4,857m (570) and dividends paid of SEK 200m (200) totalled SEK 7,945m (8,305). These were financed through cash flow from operating activi ties of SEK 762m (1,340), through property divestments of SEK 1,606m (1,114) and financial investments of SEK 504m (219), a new issue of SEK 1,705m (-) and net borrowing of SEK 3,788m (5,338), totalling SEK 8,365m (8,011).
Total cash flow for the year amounted to SEK 421m (-8). The Group's cash and cash equivalents, financial investments and unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK 1,339m (806) on 31 December.
Equity Shareholders' equity amounted to SEK 25,052m (14,261) on 31 December, corre sponding to SEK 103.24 per ordinary share (70.10). The equity/assets ratio amounted to 34.1 per cent (35.5). Including Collector at market value, the equity/assets ratio was 37.8 per cent and equity per ordinary share was SEK 128.03.
Interest-bearing liabilities The Group's interest-bearing liabilities amounted to SEK 41,063m (22,378) on 31 December. The proportion of loans with interest dates during the coming 12-month period amounted to 52 per cent (62) and the average fixed credit term amounted to 4.4 years (4.3). Deri vatives contracts have been entered into in order to limit the impact of a higher market rate of interest.
The above-mentioned derivatives are continually recognised at fair value in the balance sheet with changes in value recognised in net financial items in the income statement without using hedge accounting. Changes in value during the year amounted to SEK 227m (-624). Interest-bearing liabilities are described in greater detail in Note 21, Financial risks and financial policies.

Liquidity At year-end, the Group's financial invest ments, cash and cash equivalents and unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK 1,339m (806).
Investments Property investments amounted to SEK 2,974m (7,759) during the year, of which SEK 2,183m (7,059) related to acquisitions and SEK 791m (700) related to invest ments in existing properties and projects. In addition to this, the acquisition of Sato Oyj contributed to an increase in the property portfolio of SEK 26,477m. Of the total changes in the property portfolio, SEK 21 291m (-) related to Helsinki, 1,117m (2,545) related to Stockholm, SEK 597m (2,615) to Gothenburg, SEK 1,176m (1,227) to Oresund, SEK 5,243m (788) to East, and SEK 27m (583) to North.
Associated companies Balder owns 50 per cent of a number of companies where Balder takes care of management and administration, for further information see Note 15, Participations in associated companies. Apart from the 50%-owned associated companies, Balder owns 44.1 per cent (48) of Collector AB (publ), 31 per cent (-) of Tornet Bostadsproduktion AB and 35 per cent (-) of Brinova AB. On pages 50-51, Balder's participations in the balance sheets and property holdings of the 50%-owned property-managing associated companies are reported and presented according to IFRS accounting policies.
The associated companies own a total of 55 investment properties (51) and 5 real estate projects (6). Balder's participa tion in the lettable area of the property holdings amounts to approximately 183,000 sq.m. (158,000) with a rental value of SEK 276m (200). The economic occupancy rate amounted to 97 per cent (97).
Parent company The parent company's operations mainly consist of performing group-wide servi ces. Balder has centralised the Group's credit supply, risk management and cash management through the parent compa ny having an internal bank function. Sales

61 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-166

in the parent company amounted to SEK 147m (124) during the year, of which in tra-group services represented SEK 117m (97) and the remainder mostly related to management assignments for associated companies.
Net profit after tax during the year amounted to SEK 1,061m (302). The profit was impacted by changes in value in respect of interest rate derivatives of SEK 199m (-585).
The parent company's financial invest ments, cash and cash equivalents, inclu ding unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK 658m (722) on 31 December. Receivables from group companies amounted to SEK 21,676m (15,777) on the closing date. Investments in property, plant and equipment and financial investments amounted to SEK 1m (1) and SEK 846m (144) respectively during the year. The net change in non-current lia bilities of SEK 3,119m (2,154) was mainly related to acquisitions during the year.
Opportunities and risks Balder's operations, financial position and results may be affected by a number of risk factors.
Rents and customers Balder's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the pos sibility of charging market-related rents as well as customers' payment capacity. The occupancy rate and rental levels are largely determined by the general and regional economic trends. Naturally, the risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss of rental income increases when there are more large individual customers in the property portfolio.
In order to limit the risk of lower rental income and a weakened occupancy rate, Balder strives to develop long-term relationships with the company's existing customers. Balder's distribution between commercial and residential properties and the geographical spread in the portfolio means that the risk relating to rental income is low.
At year-end, Balder had an economic occupancy rate of 96 per cent (95). Balder's ten largest leases represented 6.1 per cent (9.4) of total rental income and their average lease term amounted to 11.1 years

(11.1). No individual lease accounted for more than 0.9 per cent (1.5) of Balder's total rental income and no individual customer accounts for more than 2.7 per cent (4.8) of total rental income. The aver age lease term in the overall commercial portfolio amounted to 6.3 years (5.9).
A change of + /- 1 per cent in rental income would affect the profit before tax by +/- SEK 51m.
Debt and risk management Balder's greatest financial risk is a lack of financing. To limit refinancing risk, Balder works continually to renegotiate loans and to diversify the maturity structure of loans. Meanwhile, this work ensures that competitive long-term financing is maintained. Balder's average fixed credit term amounted to 4.4 years (4.3).
Interest risk arises through fluctu ations in the market rate of interest, which affects results and cash flow. A higher market rate of interest means an increased interest expense but this often also coincides with higher inflation and economic growth. This means that higher interest expenses are partly offset by lower vacancy rates and higher rental income through increased demand and by the fact that rents are indexed. Balder has elected to use interest rate deriva tives to limit the risk of financing costs increasing significantly in the event of a higher market rate of interest.
In the event of an immediate increase in the market rate of interest of one per centage unit and the assumption of an unchanged loan and derivative portfolio, the interest expense would increase by SEK 187m. Of Balder's total loan stock at year-end, 48 per cent (38) had an interest rate refixing period of more than one year. The holdings in Denmark and Finland have given rise to a currency po sition. For more information see Note 21, Financial risks and financial policies.
Property costs Property costs include direct costs such as operating and media expenses, maintenance costs, ground rent and property tax. Each region is responsible for ensuring that the property portfolio is well-maintained and in good condition. Through a local presence, knowledge

improves about each property's need for premptive work, which is more cost-ef fective in the long-term than extensive repairs.
Balder works continually on improving cost efficiency using rational technical solutions, practical efforts and conti nuous follow up.
A change of +/- 1 per cent in property costs would affect the property costs by SEK -/+ 16m.
Changes in value of investment properties Balder reports its investment properties at fair value with changes in value in the income statement. Market assessments of properties always involve a certain amount of uncertainty in the assump tions and estimates made. The uncerta inty in respect of individual properties is normally considered to be in the range of +/- 5-10 per cent. The uncertainty varies according to the type of property, geo graphical location and real estate market conditions. Balder continually monitors the transactions that are completed in the market in order to substantiate and guarantee valuations. In addition, Balder conducts continual discussions with external participants on acquisition and divestment of properties and regularly allows external parties to value parts of the portfolio, which provides additional guidance. Also see Note 13, Investment properties.
Profit before tax would be affected by SEK +/- 3,423m in the case of a change in value of the investment properties of +/5 per cent. The equity/assets ratio in the event of a positive change in value would amount to 36.1 per cent and in the event of a negative change in value it would amount to 32.0 per cent..
Environment Balder has not carried out any compre hensive study of possible environmental pollution in the property portfolio but estimates that neither the properties nor the customers' operations give rise to any material environmental risks, which could affect the company's position. Acquisitions of properties where a risk of an environmental impact is deemed to exist, are preceded by environmental inspections.

F-167

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 62

The company's ownership of wind turbines is part of Balder's environmental work. Balder's 10 wind turbines generated 22.5 million kWh, which is equivalent to the average annual consumption of 900 houses.
The share and owners In December, a directed new issue was completed of 10 million Class B ordinary shares. The issue was carried out at a price of SEK 172 per share and brought in SEK 1,705 million after issue costs.
At year-end, the share capital amoun ted to 182,396,852 distributed among 182,396,852 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 1, whereof 11,229,432 are of Class A, 161,167,420 of Class B and 10,000,000 preference shares. Each Class A share carries one vote, and each Class B share and preference share carries one tenth of one vote.
The Annual General Meeting 2015 resol ved to authorise the Board during the period until the next AGM to decide on a new issue of shares of Class B and preference shares corresponding to not more than 10 per cent of the existing share capital. The largest owners are Erik Selin with company, which holds 49 per cent of the votes and Arvid Svensson Invest AB with 15 per cent of the votes. There are no restrictions in the articles of association as to the form of transfer of shares or voting rights at the general meeting.
Since Balder will prioritise growth, capital structure and liquidity during the next few years, the dividend for the ordinary share will be low or may not be declared at all. The quarterly dividend for the preference share amounts to SEK 20.00 per year.
Report on the Board work during the year The Board held 9 board meetings during the financial year of which one was the statutory meeting. The work follows a formal work plan approved by the Board. The formal work plan governs the Board's working methods and the division of responsibility between the Board and CEO as well as the forms for the day-to-day fi nancial reporting. During the year, strategic questions and other important matters for the company's development were discussed, apart from day-to-day financial reporting and decision-making. The com pany's auditors participate in at least one board meeting and report on their audit of the Management's administration and of the accounts.

Corporate governance Balder is governed by the corporate go vernance rules prescribed in the Swedish Companies Act, the Articles of Association and the listing agreement with Nasdaq Stockholm. The Board aims to make it easy for the individual shareholder to understand where in the organisation responsibility and authority lie. Corporate governance in the company is based on Swedish legislation, principally on the Swedish Companies Act, the listing agreement of the Swedish Stock Exchange, the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance as well as other rules and guidelines. Some of the Code's principles involve creating a good basis for exercise of an active balance of power among owners, the Board and Management, which Balder views as a natural element in the principles of the operations.

Remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives Guidelines for remuneration of senior executives were resolved upon at the pre ceding Annual General Meeting. Above all, the guidelines mean that market-related salaries and other terms of employment should be applicable for the company management. The remuneration should be paid in the form of a fixed salary. Taken together, dismissal pay and termination benefits should not exceed the equiva lent of 18 monthly salaries. The company management refers to the CEO and other members of the Group Management.
The Board's proposed guidelines to the next Annual General Meeting correspond to the present guidelines.

Significant events after the end of the financial year See Note 28, Significant events after the end of the financial year.

Expectations regarding the future trend Balder's goal is to grow by means of direct or indirect acquisitions together with our partners in locations, which are considered interesting.

Proposed distribution of earnings
The follow ing amount in Swedish kronor is at the disposal of the Annual General M e e ting:

Retained earnings

7,819,739,407

Net profit for the year

1,060,941,923

Total *1

8,880,681,329

1) See ch a n ge in th e P are n t C o m p a n y 's e qu ity, page 70.

The Board proposes that the am ount be allocated as follows:

Dividend SEK 20.00 per preference share Carried forward Total

200,000,000 8,680,681,329 8,880,681,329

The Board's statement regarding the proposed distribution of profits. The Board considers that full coverage exists for the company's restricted equity after the proposed distribution of profits.
The Board considers that the propo sed distribution of profits is reasonable taking account of the assessment criteria prescribed in Chapter 17. Section 3 second and third paragraphs of the Swedish Companies Act (the type, scale, risks, need to strengthen the balance sheet, liquidi ty and general financial position of the operations).
The Board estimates that the company's equity after the proposed distribution of profits will be sufficiently large in relation to the type, scale and risks of the ope rations. The Board's assessment of the parent company's and the Group's finan cial position means that the dividend is defensible in relation to the Group's need to strengthen the balance sheet, liquidity and unexpected events.
The proposed distribution of profits will not affect the company's and the Group's ability to meet their payment obligations at the right time.
The proposed dividend for preference shares accounts for 2.2 per cent (3.1) of the company's equity and 0.8 per cent (1.4) of the Group's equity.
Balder's declared goal for the Group's capital structure is that the equity/assets ratio should not be less than 35 per cent over time and that the interest coverage ratio should not be less than 2.0 times, and should also be met after the proposed di vidend. In light of this, the Board considers that the company and the Group have a good basis for taking advantage of future business opportunities and also for mana ging possible losses. Planned investments have been considered in determination of the proposed distribution of profits.
Record days for the quarterly dividend of SEK 5.00 to the preference shareholders are 8 July, 10 October , 10 January and 10 April.
Gothenburg, 6 April 2016 Board of Directors

63 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-168

Fuw/ieiaat statements,
Consolidatedstatem ento f oom pretenAt/e income

SEKm Rental income Property costs Net operating income
Changes in value o f investm ent properties, realised Changes in value o f investm ent properties, unrealised Other income/costs Management and administrative expenses Participation in profits o f associated com panies Operating profit
Financial items Financial income Financial costs Changes in value o f derivatives Net financial items Profit before tax
Income tax Net profit for the year
Other comprehensive income - Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Translation difference regarding foreign operations Participation in other com prehensive incom e from associated com panies Comprehensive income for the year
Net profit for the year attributable to The parent company's shareholders Non-controlling interests
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to The parent company's shareholders Non-controlling interests
Profit from property m anagement before tax Profit from property m anagem ent before tax per ordinary share, SEK 1) Profit after tax per ordinary share, SEK 1)
1) There is no d ilutive effect as no potential sh are s arise.

Note 2, 3
3, 6, 7, 8 13 13 33 5, 6 15
3, 4, 5, 6, 7 9 10
21
11
12

2015
2,711 -767 1,944
65 3,323
11 -185
831 5,988

2014
2,525 -760 1,766
144 2,906
-154
317 4,977

166 -603
227 -210 5,778
-862 4,916

108 -640 -624 -1,156 3,822
-693 3,128

3 -10 4,909

16 1
3,145

4,916 -

3,128 -

4,909 -
1,780 9.71
28.98

3,145 -
1,275 6.64
18.10

F-169

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 64

Consolidated statementoffin a n cia lposition

SEKm
Assets Non-current assets Investment properties Other property, plant and equipment Participations in associated com panies Other long-term receivables Total non-current assets
Current assets Trade receivables Other receivables Prepaid expenses and accrued income Financial investments Cash and cash equivalents Total current assets Total assets
Shareholders' Equity and liabilities Equity Share capital Other paid-up capital Translation difference Retained earnings including net profit for the year Equity attributable to owners of the Parent Company Non controlling interest Total equity
Provisions Deferred tax liability Total provisions
Liabilities Non-current liabilities Non-current interest-bearing liabilities Other non-current liabilities Credit facilities Derivatives Total non-current liabilities
Current liabilities Current interest-bearing liabilities Trade payables Other liabilities Accrued expenses and deferred income Total current liabilities Total liabilities Total Equity and liabilities
Pledged assets and contingent liabilities Pledged assets Contingent liabilities

Note

31 Dec 2015

31 Dec 2014

13

68,456

37,382

14

122

96

15

2,276

1,489

17

1,173

616

72,027

39,584

16

130

19

87

80

18

107

45

19

405

257

25

620

199

1,349

600

73,376

40,185

20
11
21 21, 22
21 21 23
24 24

182 6,034
-7 14,465 20,675
4,377 25,052
4,071 4,071

172 4,339
1 9,749 14,261
14,261
1,549 1,549

39,095 331 36
1,294 40,755
1,933 179 542 845
3,498 48,324 73,376
45,322 1,916

22,157 -
1,086 23,243
221 74
297 538 1,131 25,923 40,185
24,613 1,486

65 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-170

Consolidated statementof changes in equity

SEKm Equity at 1 Jan 2014
Net profit for the year Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income
Disposal of treasury shares Dividend on preference shares booked as a liability but still unpaid Dividend paid preference shares Total transaction s w ith the co m p any's owners
Equity at 31 Dec 2014

A t t r ib u t a b le t o t h e p a r e n t c o m p a n y 's s h a r e h o ld e r s

Share capital 11
172

Other paid-up capital
4,339

Translation difference
-16

Retained earnings
including net profit for the year
6,701

Total 11,196

3,128

3,128

17

17

-

-

17

3,128

3,145

220 -100 -200

220 -100 -200

-

-

-

-80

-80

172

4,339

1

9,749 14,261

Non controlling
interests -
-
-

Total equity 11,196
3,128 17
3,145
220 -100 -200
-80
14,261

Equity at 1 Jan 2015

172

Net profit for the year

Other comprehensive income

Total comprehensive income

-

Non-controlling interests, arising on the acquisition o f subsidiary 2)

Share issue, after issue costs

10

Dividend for preference shares

Total transaction s w ith the com pany's

owners

10

Equity at 31 Dec 2015

182

1) For fu rth e r inform ation, see note 20 Share capital. 2) For fu rth e r inform ation, see note 32 B u siness com bination.

4,339
1,695 1,695 6,034

1

9,749 14,261

4,916

4,916

-7

-7

-7

4,916

4,909

-200

1,705 -200

-

-200

1,505

-7

14,465 20,675

-
4,377
4,377 4,377

14,261
4,916 -7
4,909
4,377 1,705 -200 5,882
25,052

F-171

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 66

Consolidated statemen tof cash flows

SEKm
Operating activities Operating profit Other income/costs Mangement and administrative expenses Reversal of depreciation and amortisation Other adjustments Interest received Interest paid Tax paid Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital

Note
25 25

2015
1,944 2
-185 15 0 32
-618 4
1,193

Cash flow from changes in working capital Change in operating receivables Change in operating liabilities Cash flow from operating activities

-660 228 762

Investing activities Acquisition of properties Acquisition/Divestm ent of property, plant and equipment Purchase of financial investments Acquisition o f shares in associated com panies Investm ent in e xisting properties and projects Acquisition o f subsidiary 1) Sale of properties Sale of financial investments Dividend paid from associated com panies Cash flow from investing activities

-2,097

-4

-542

-92

-791

32

-4,219

1,606

504

-

-5,635

Financing activities Share issue, after issue costs Dividend paid for preference shares Loans raised Disposal of treasury shares Am ortisation/redem ption of loans Change in credit facilities Cash flow from financing activities

1,705 -200 5,209
-1,457
36 5,293

Cash flow for the year Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

421

199

25

620

Unutilised credit facilities

22

Financial investments

19

1) T h e ite m in 2 0 1 5 re p re se n ts a n e t o u tflo w o f ca sh fo r th e a cq u isitio n o f S a to O yj. For fu r th e r in fo rm a tio n , se e note 32 B u sin e ss co m b in a tio n .

314 405

2014
1,766 -
-154 18 11 27
-617 -11
1,038
148 155 1,340
-6,835 -6
-144 -420 -700
19 1,114
219 45
-6,708
-200 6,575
220 -1,232
-4 5,359
-8 208 199
350 257

67 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-172

Parent Company Income statement

SEKm
Net sales Administrative expenses Operating profit

Note 2
4, 5

Profit from financial items

Dividend from subsidiaries

Interest income and similar profit/loss items

9

Interest expenses and similar profit/loss items

10

Changes in value o f derivatives

21

Profit before appropriations and taxes

A p p ro p ria tio n s Group contributions paid Profit before tax

Income tax

11

N et profit for the year/com prehensive incom e 11

1) T h e p a re n t c o m p a n y h as no ite m s re p o rte d in O th e r co m p re h e n sive in co m e a n d th e re fo re to ta l co m p re h e n sive in co m e fo r th e y e a r is equal w ith net pro fit for the year.

2015 147
-167 -20
800 1,125 -633
199 1,470
-340 1,130
-69 1,061

2014 124
-139 -16
700 877 -539 -585 438
-250 188
115 302

F-173

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 68

Parent Company balance, sheet

SEKm Assets Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment
Fina n cia l assets Participations in group com panies Participations in associated com panies Other non-current receivables Receivables from group companies To tal fin a n cia l assets
Deferred tax assets Total non-current assets
Current assets
C u rren t receivables Other receivables Prepaid expenses and accrued income T o ta l cu rren t receivables
Financial investments Cash and cash equivalents Total current assets Total assets
Shareholders' equity and liabilities Shareholders' equity
Restricted eq u ity Share capital
U n restricted eq u ity Share premium reserve Retained earnings Net profit for the year
Total equity
Non-current liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions Other non-current liabilities Credit facilities Derivatives Liabilities to group companies Total non-current liabilities
Current liabilities Liabilities to credit institutions Trade payables Other liabilities Accrued expenses and deferred income Total current liabilities Total equity and liabilities
Pledged assets and contingent liabilitites Pledged assets Contingent liabilities
69 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-174

Note

31 Dec 2015

31 Dec 2014

14

20

22

26

1,822

1,822

15

536

536

17

1,036

616

27

21,676

15,777

2 5 ,0 7 0

1 8 ,7 5 1

11

144

213

25,233

18,985

6

8

18

4

7

10

15

19

390

257

25

4

165

404

437

25,637

19,422

20
21 21, 22
21 27
21 23
24 24

182
5,460 2,359 1,061 9,063
10,887 126 36 737
4,507 16,292
45 4
187 47
282 25,637
6,819 15,582

172
3,765 2,257
302 6,497
7,806 -
936 3,952 12,694
37 5
145 44
231 19,422
5,898 15,028

Parent Company statementof changes in equity

SEKm Equity at 1 Jan 2014
Net profit for the year/comprehensive in co m e

Restricted e q u ity

Number of shares
172,396,852

Share capital 1
172

-

-

Distribution of earnings

Disposal of treasury shares

Dividend on preference shares booked as a liability but still unpaid

Dividend paid preference shares

Total transaction s w ith the com pany's ow ners

-

-

Equity at 31 Dec 2014

172,396,852

172

Equity at 1 Jan 2015

172,396,852

172

Net profit for the year/comprehensive income

-

-

Distribution of earnings

Share issue, after issue costs

10,000,000

10

Dividend paid preference shares

Total transaction s w ith the com pany's ow ners

10,000,000

10

Equity at 31 Dec 2015

182,396,852

182

1) For fu rth e r inform ation, see note 20 Share capital.

U nrestricted eq u ity

Share premium
reserve

Retained Net profit for

earnings

the year

3,765

1,972

365

Total equity
6,274

-

-

302

302

3,765

365 220 -100 -200 285
2,257

-365
-365 302

220 -100 -200 -80
6,497

3,765 -
1,695 1,695 5,460

2,257 -
302 -200
102 2,359

302, 1,061, -302,
-302 1,061

6,497
1,061
1,705 -200 1,505
9,063

F-175

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 70

Parent Company cash flow statem ent

SEKm
Operating activities Operating profit Reversal of depreciation Changes in value o f derivatives, realised Interest received Interest paid Cash flow from operating activitives before change in working capital
Cash flow from change in working capital Change in operating receivables Change in operating liabilities Cash flow from operating activities
Investing activities Acquisition of property, plant and equipment Purchase of financial investments Change in lending to group com panies Change in lending to associated com panies Sale of financial investments Acquisition of associated companies Cash flow from investing activities
Financing activities Share issue, after issue costs Dividend paid preference shares Loans raised Disposal of treasury shares Am ortisation/Redem ption of loans Change in credit facilities Cash flow from financing activities
Cash flow for the year Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Unutilised credit facilities Financial investments

Note 25 25
25 22 19

2015
-20 3 -
18 -333 -333
-2 72 -262
-1 -542 -4,070 -413
504 -1 -4,522
1,705 -200 3,972
-889
36 4,623
-161 165 4
264 390

2014
-16 3
-11 16
-308 -316
13 41 -262
-1 -148 -2,099
190 219 -52 -1,891
-200 3,075
220 -921
2,174
21 144 165
300 257

71 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-176

Notes to theftnam U d statem ents

Note f  A c c o u n tin g p o lic ie s
General information The financial statements for Fastighets AB Balder, as o f 31 Decem ber 2015, were approved by the Board o f Directors and Chief Executive O ffice r on 6 April 2016 and will be subm itted for adoption by the Annual General Meeting on 10 May 2016. Fastighets AB Balder (publ), corporate identity number 556525-6905, with registered office in Gothenburg, constitutes the parent company of a Group with subsidi aries according to Note 26, Group companies. The com pany is registered in Sweden and the address o f the com pany's head office in G othenburg is Fastighets AB Balder, Box 53121, 400 15 G othenburg, Sweden. The visiting address is Vasagatan 54. Balder is a listed property company which shall meet the needs of different custom er groups for premises and housing based on local support.
Accounting policies The consolidated accounts have been pre pared in accordance w ith the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and interpretations by the International Financial Interpretations Com m ittee (IFRIC), as adopted by the EU. In addition, the Swedish Financial Reporting Board's recommendation RFR 1, Supplem entary Accounting Rules for Groups is applied.
The annual accounts of the parent company have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act, the Swedish Financial Reporting Board's recommendation RFR 2 (Accounting for Legal Entities) and statements of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board. The parent company applies the same accounting policies as the Group apart from the instances described below in the section "Parent Company accounting policies". The deviations that occur between the parent com pany and Group accounting policies are due to lim itations in the possibilities o f applying IFRS in the parent com pany on account o f the Annual Accounts Act.
The parent company's functional currency is the Swedish krona (SEK), which is also the presentation currency of the parent company and the Group.
The financial statem ents are presented in Swedish krona rounded off to millions of kronor unless otherwise stated.
Assets and liabilities are recognised at his torical cost, with the exception of investment properties, financial investm ents and derivative instruments, which are measured at fair value.
Preparation o f financial statem ents in conform ity with IFRS requires the com pany m a nagement to make estimates and assumptions that affect the application of the accounting policies and the recognised amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
The estimates and assum ptions are based on historical experience and other factors that appear reasonable under the existing circum  stances. The result of these judgm ents and assum ptions is then used to judge the carrying

am ounts of assets and liabilities that would not be evident from other sources. The actual outcome may diverge from these estimates and judgements.
Estim ates and assum ptions are reviewed regularly. Changes in estim ates are recognised in the period in w hich they arise if the change affects that period alone or, alternatively, in the period in which they arise and during future periods if the change affects both the period in question and future periods.
Assum ptions made by the company m ana gem ent in the application o f IFRS, which have a material im pact on the financial statem ents, and estim ates which may give rise to signifi cant adjustm ents in subsequent financial state ments are presented in more detail in Note 30, Critical estimates and judgements.
The accounting policies set out for the Group have been consistently applied for all periods presented in the Group's financial statements, unless otherwise stated below. The Group's accounting policies have been applied consis tently in the reporting and consolidation of subsidiaries.
Segment reporting O perating segm ents are reported in a m anner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-m aker is the function responsible for allocation of resources and evaluation of the operating segm ents' results. In the Group, this function has been identified as the Management team which takes strate gic decisions. The Group's internal reporting o f the operations is divided into the segm ents Helsinki, Stockholm, Gothenburg, Oresund, East and North, which are harmonised with the Group's internal reporting system. See further in Note 3, Segm ent reporting.
Classification etc. Non-current assets and non-current recei vables largely consist o f am ounts that are expected to be recovered or paid after more than twelve months, calculated from the end of the reporting period. Current assets and current liabilities largely consist of amounts that are expected to be recovered or paid within twelve months, calculated from the end of the reporting period. Current liabilities to credit institutions include am ortisation agreed for one year. The company's interest-bearing liabilities are non-current in character, as they are continually extended, see Note 21. In the parent company, receivables and liabilities from/to group companies are recognised as non-current, when there is no approved am or tisation plan.
Basis of consolidation Subsidiaries are all entities (including structu red entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when it is expo sed to or has the right to a variable return from its holding in the entity and can affect the return through its control of the entity. When
F-177

determining whether control exists, potential voting shares that can be called upon or con verted w ithout delay should be considered.
Subsidiaries are accounted for according to the purchase method. This method means that acquisition o f a subsidiary that is classified as a business com bination is treated as a transac tion by which the Group indirectly acquires the subsidiary's assets and assumes its liabilities and contingent liabilities. The acquisition analy sis establishes the cost o f the shares or entity, as well as the fair value on the acquisition date of the company's identifiable assets, liabilities assumed and contingent liabilities. The consi deration also includes the fair value of all assets or liabilities which are a result of an agreement on contingent consideration. Costs related to the acquisition are expensed as they arise. For each acquisition, the Group determines if non-controlling interests in the acquired entity are recognised at fair value or at the non-con trolling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's net assets. The cost of acquisition of a subsidiary's shares and operations consists of the fair values of the assets on the date of exchange, liabilities incurred or assumed and equity instrum ents issued as consideration in exchange for the acquired net assets, as well as transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition.
In business com binations where the cost of acquisition exceeds the net value of acquired assets, and liabilities and contingent liabilities assum ed, the difference is recognised as goodwill. When the difference is negative, it is recognised directly in the income statem ent. When a company is acquired, the acquisition constitutes either the acquisition of an entity or the acquisition of an asset. An asset acquisition is identified if the acquired company only owns one or more properties. There are leases for the se properties, but no personnel are employed in the com pany who can conduct business. In a business combination based on joint control, de facto control, the acquisition is recognised at historical cost, which means that assets and liabilities are recognised at the values they have been carried at in each com pany's balance sheet. In this way, no goodwill arises.
When an acquisition occurs of a group of assets or net assets which do not constitute an entity, the cost for the Group is allocated accor ding to the individually identifiable assets and liabilities in the Group based on their relative fair values on the acquisition date.
The subsidiaries' financial statements are in cluded in the consolidated financial statem ents from the date control arises until the date control ceases.
Transactions eliminated on consolidation Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not lead to a loss o f control are recognised as transactions in equity, that is, as transactions w ith shareholders in their role as owners. In the case o f acquisitions from non-controlling interests, the difference between the fair value o f consideration paid
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 72

and the proportion of the carrying amount of the subsidiary's net assets actually acquired is recognised in equity. G ains and losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recognised in equity.
Intra-group receivables and liabilities, revenue or expenses, and unrealised gains or losses arising from transactions between group companies, are elim inated in full on prepara tion of the consolidated financial statements.
Recognition of associated companies Associated com panies are considered to be those companies that are not subsidiaries but where the parent company directly or indi rectly holds between 20 and 50 per cent o f the votes o f all shares. Participations in associated companies are recognised according to the equity method. The equity method means that participations in an associated com pany are recognised at cost at the date of acquisition and are subsequently adjusted by the Group's participation in the change in the associated company's net assets.
Participating interests in associated com pa nies are recognised separately in the consolida ted statement of comprehensive income and consolidated statement of financial position. Participations in the profits of associated com  panies are recognised after tax.
Foreign currency
Fina n cia l sta tem en ts o f fo re ig n operations Assets and liabilities in foreign operations are translated to Swedish kronor, at the exchange rate prevailing at the end o f the reporting peri od. Incom e and expenses in a foreign operation are translated to Swedish kronor at an average rate that represents an approxim ation of the prevailing exchange rates on the date of each transaction. Translation differences arising on currency translation of foreign operations are recognised via other comprehensive income as a translation reserve.
T ra n sa ctio n s in fo re ig n cu rren cy Transactions in foreign currencies are transla ted to the functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing on the transaction date. The functional currency is the currency, which applies in the prim ary econom ic environm ents in w hich com panies conduct their operations. M onetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency at the prevailing year-end exchange rate. Exchange differences are recognised in the incom e statem ent, apart from non-current internal balances, which are treated as a part o f the net investm ent in subsidiares and are recognised via other com prehensive income. Non-m onetary assets and liabilities, which are recognised at historical cost are translated at the exchange rate on the transaction date. Non-m onetary assets and liabilities, which are recognised at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the rate prevailing on the date of fair value measurement.
Rental income Rental incom e is recognised in the consolidated income statem ent on a straight-line basis ac cording to the terms of the leasing agreement. The aggregate cost o f benefits provided is reported as a reduction of rental income on a straight-line basis over the term o f the lease.

Rental incom e is recorded in the period its refers to.
Other income Other income is recognised on a straight-line basis in the consolidated incom e statem ent.
Costs for operating lease contracts Costs relating to operating lease contracts and benefits received in connection with the signing of an agreement are recognised in the consolidated incom e statem ent on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Financial income and expenses Financial income and expenses consists of inte rest income on bank balances and receivables as well as interest expenses on liabilities.
Interest income on receivables and interest expense on liabilities are calculated using the effective rate method. The effective rate is the interest rate, w hich m eans that the present value of all future incom ing and outgoing pay ments during the interest rate refixing period will be the sam e as the carrying am ount of the receivable or liability. Interest income and interest expenses include allocated am ounts of transaction costs and possible discounts, pre miums and other differences between the initi al carrying am ount o f the receivable or liability and the am ount that is settled at maturity. The interest com ponent in financial lease payments is recognised in the consolidated statem ent of comprehensive income by application of the effective interest method.
Borrow ing costs directly attributable to the construction or production of an asset, which requires a significant time to complete for use or sale are included in the cost of the asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs takes place provided that it is likely to lead to future econom ic benefits and that the costs may be measured in a reliable manner.
Financial instruments Financial instrum ents are measured and recognised in the Group in accordance w ith the rules in IAS 39. Financial instrum ents on the as set side that are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position include cash and cash equivalents, financial investments, trade receivables and other long-term security holdings as well as derivatives with positive value. Liabilities include trade payables, bor rowings and derivatives with negative value. Financial instrum ents are initially recognised at the cost of acquisition corresponding to the fair value of the instrument plus transaction costs for all financial instruments, apart from those classified as financial assets recognised at fair value via the consolidated statem ent of comprehensive income, such as derivative instruments, which are recognised at fair value excluding transaction costs. The financial instruments are classified on initial recognition based on the purpose for which the instrument was acquired, which affects the subsequent recognition.
A financial asset or financial liability is carried in the consolidated statem ent of financial position when the company becomes a party to the contractual terms of the instrument. Trade receivables are carried in the balance sheet when the invoice has been sent. Rental receivables are recognised as a receivable in the period when performance, which corresponds

to the receivable's value, has been delivered and payments corresponding to the value of the receivable have still not been received. A lia bility is recognised when the counterparty has performed a service and a contractual payment obligation prevails, even if the invoice has not yet been received. Trade payables are recogni sed when the invoice has been received.
A financial asset is derecognised when the contractual rights are realised or expire or the com pany no longer has control over them . The same holds true for a part of a financial asset. A financial liability is derecognised when the contractual liability is discharged or otherwise expires. The same applies to a portion of a financial liability.
Acquisition and disposal of financial assets are recognised on the transaction date, which represents the day when the company committed to acquire or dispose of the asset. Borrowing is recognised when the funds have been received, while derivative instrum ents are recognised when the contract has been entered into.
Balder divides its financial instrum ents into the follow ing categories in accordance with IAS 39.
Fina n cia l assets m ea sured a tfa ir value th ro u g h p ro fit o r loss This category consists of two subcategories: fi nancial assets held for trading and other fin a n  cial assets that the company initially elected to place in this category, under the so-called Fair Value Option. Financial instrum ents in this category are measured on a continual basis at fair value w ith changes in value recognised through profit or loss. The first subcategory includes the Group's derivatives with positive fair value.
Lo a ns a n d receivables Receivables, which do not constitute deriva tives, are recognised after initial recognition at am ortised cost under the effective interest method. A receivable is examined individu ally as regards estim ated risk o f loss and is carried at the am ount w hich is expected to be received. Impairments are made for doubtful receivables and are recognised in operating costs.
Fina n cia l assets ava ila ble f o r sale The category financial assets available for sale includes financial assets, which are not classi fied in any other category or financial assets that the com pany initially elected to classify in this category. Holdings of shares and participa tions that are not recognised as subsidiaries or associated companies are recognised here. As sets in this category are continually measured at fair value w ith changes in value recognised in other com prehensive income, however, not those that are due to im pairm ents and dividend income, which are recognised through profit or loss. In the event o f disposal o f the asset, accumulated gains or losses, which were previously recognised in equity, are recognised in the consolidated statem ent o f com prehen sive income. This category includes unlisted shares w hich are recognised in the item other securities held as non-current assets.
Fina n cia l lia bilities m easured a tfa ir value th ro u g h p ro fit o r loss This category consists of two sub-categories,

73 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-178

financial liabilities held for trading and other financial liabilities that the company elected to place in this category, the so-called Fair Value Option. The first category includes the Group's derivatives w ith negative fair value. Changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss.
O th e rfin a n c ia l lia bilities Borrowing is reported initially at the amount received less transaction costs. A fter the date of acquisition, the loan is measured at am orti sed cost under the effective interest method. Non-current liabilities have an expected matu rity o f more than 1 year while current liabilities have m aturities o f less than 1 year. Declared dividends are recognised as liabilities after the general meeting has approved the dividend.
Trade payables and other operating liabilities have short expected maturities and are measu red at their nom inal value w ith no discounting.
D eriva tive instru m en ts Derivative instrum ents include interest rate swaps that are deployed to cover the risk of changes in interest rates. Derivatives are also terms of agreem ent which are embedded in other agreem ents. Embedded derivatives should be accounted for separately if they are not closely related to the host contract. Deri vative instrum ents are measured at fair value. Changes in the value o f derivative instrum ents, stand-alone as well as embedded, are reco gnised in the consolidated income statem ent. Hedge accounting is not applied.
Cash a n d cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist o f cash in hand and directly accessible balances at banks and similar institutions as well as short-term highly liquid investm ents with original matu rities of less than three months which are only subject to an insignificant risk of fluctuation in value.
Im p a irm en t testing o f fin a n c ia l assets On each reporting date, the company asses
ses w hether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or group of assets is impaired. Objective evidence consists partly of observable circumstances that occurred and which have a negative im pact on the possibility to recover the cost, and partly of a significant or protrac ted decline in the fair value of an investm ent in a financial investment classified as a financial asset available for sale
In the event of im pairm ent o f an equity in strum ent which is classified as a financial asset available for sale, any previously recognised accum ulated loss in equity is transferred to profit or loss.
The recoverable amount of loans and trade receivables, which are recognised at amortised cost, is measured as the present value of future cash flow s discounted by the effective rate that applied upon initial recognition of the asset. As sets with short maturities are not discounted. An im pairm ent loss is recognised as a cost in the consolidated income statement.
Property, plant and equipment
O w ned assets Property, plant and equipm ent are recognised as an asset in the consolidated statem ent of financial position if it is probable that future economic benefits will accrue to the company

and the cost o f the asset can be reliably measured.
Property, plant and equipm ent are reco gnised in the Group at cost less accum ulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The purchase price is included in the cost as well as expenses directly attributable to the asset in order to bring it to the location and in the condition to be used in accordance w ith the aim of the acquisition.
The carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipm ent is derecognised on retire ment or disposal or when no future econom ic benefits can be expected from use o f the asset. Gains or losses arising from disposal or retirement o f an asset consist of the difference between the selling price and the asset's carrying am ount less directly related selling expenses. Gains and losses are recognised as other operating income/expenses.
Leased assets Leases are classified in the consolidated fin an  cial statem ents either as financial or operating leases. Financial leasing exists when the economic risks and rewards associated with ow nership have been essentially transferred to the lessee; if this is not the case, it is a m atter of an operating lease.
Operating leases mean that leasing fees are expensed over the term o f the lease, based on use, w hich may differ in practice from the am ount o f leasing fees paid during the year.
The Group has no financial leases.
A d d itio n a l exp en d itu re Additional expenditure is added to cost only if it is probable that the future econom ic benefits associated with the asset will accrue to the com pany and the cost can be measured in a reliable way. Other additional expenditure is recognised as a cost in the period in w hich it arises. The assessment o f whether additional expenditure is added to cost depends on whether the expenditure concerns the repla cement of identified components, or parts thereof, whereupon such expenditure is capita lised. Even in cases where new com ponents are created, the expenditure is added to the cost. Repairs are expensed on an ongoing basis.
D ep reciatio n m eth o ds Assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estim ated useful lives:

Property, plant and eq u ip m en t

Useful life

Equipment W ind turbines

3-10 years 10-20 years

Assessm ent o f the residual value and period of use o f assets is made on an annual basis.

Investment properties Investment properties are properties that are held w ith the aim of receiving rental income or appreciation in value or a com bination of both. Investment properties are initially recognised at cost, which includes expen ses and borrowing costs directly related to the acquisition. Investment properties are recognised according to the fair value method. The fair value is based on internal valuations which are reconciled as required with external independent valuers. Fair value is based on the

market value, which is the estim ated am ount that would be received in a transaction on the valuation date between knowledgeable parties that are independent of one another and that have an interest in com pleting the transaction after custom ary marketing, where both parties are assumed to have acted discerningly, wisely and w ithout compulsion. Both unrealised and realised changes in value are recognised in the income statement. Valuations are performed at the end of each quarter.
Income from property sales is normally recognised on the date of possession unless the risks and rewards have been transferred to the purchaser on an earlier date. Control o f the asset may have been transferred on an earlier date than the date of possession and if this is the case the property sale is recognised as income on this earlier date. The assessment of the date of revenue recognition takes into consideration what was agreed between the parties as regards risks and rewards as well as involvem ent in the day-to-day m anagement.
In addition to this, circum stances that can affect the outcom e o f the transaction are considered which lie outside the seller's and/ or purchaser's control. If the Group starts a con version of an existing investment property for continued use as an investment property, the property will continue to be recognised as an investm ent property. The property is recognised according to the fair value method and is not reclassified as property, plant and equipment during the conversion period.
Additional expenditure is added to the carry ing am ount only if it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the asset will accrue to the com pany and the cost can be measured in a reliable way. Other additional ex penditure is recognised as a cost in the period in which it arises. The assessm ent o f whether additional expenditure is added to the carrying amount depends on whether the expendi ture concerns the replacement of identified components, or parts thereof, whereupon such expenditure is capitalised. Even in cases where new components are created, the expenditure is added to the carrying amount.
Impairment losses The carrying am ounts of the Group's assets, with the exception of investment proper ties, financial instruments and deferred tax assets, are tested on each balance sheet date to determ ine if there is any indication o f an im pairm ent need. If such indications exist, the recoverable am ount o f the asset concerned is calculated. For exempted assets, as above, the carrying am ount is tested in accordance with each standard.
If it is im possible to determine significant independent cash flows to an individual asset, the assets should be grouped, in conjunction w ith im pairm ent testing, at the lowest level at which it is possible to identify significant independent cash flows - a so-called cash generating unit. An impairment loss is recogni sed when the carrying am ount of the asset or cash generating unit exceeds its recoverable am ount. Any im pairm ent loss is recognised in the income statement.
The recoverable am ount of assets in the category loan and receivables, which are reco gnised at amortised cost, is measured as the present value of future cash flow s discounted by the effective rate that applied upon initial

F-179

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 74

recognition of the asset. Assets with short maturities are not discoun ted.
The recoverable am ount on other assets is the higher of the fair value less selling expenses and the value in use. In calculating value in use, future cash flows are discounted using a discount factor that takes into account the risk-free rate of interest and the risk associated with the specific asset. For an asset that does not generate cash flows, which is significantly independent of other assets, the recoverable am ount is estimated for the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs.
Reversal o f im p a irm e n t losses Impairments o f loans and receivables recogni sed at amortised cost are reversed if a later increase in the recoverable am ount can be ob jectively attributed to an event that occurred after the impairment was made.
Preference shares Preference shares, which are mandatorily redeemable on a specific date, are classified as liabilities. If this right does not exist, the preference shares are recognised as equity. Balder's preference shares are not mandatorily redeemable on a specific date and are thus recognised as equity.
Repurchase of own shares Purchases o f own shares are recognised as a deduction from equity. The proceeds from disposal are recognised as an increase in equ ity. Any transaction expenses are recognised directly against equity.
Cash flow statement The cash flo w statem ent w as prepared using the indirect method, by which the result is adjusted for transactions that do not result in incom ing or outgoing payments during the period, as well as for any income or costs attributable to investing or financing activities.
Employee benefits
Sh o rt-term em ployee b en efits Short-term employee benefits are calculated w ithout discounting and are recognised as a cost when the related services are received.
P ensions Pension plans are classified as either defined benefit or defined contribution plans. The plans are predominantly defined contribution plans. Defined benefit plans only exist in exceptional cases.
D e fin e d co n trib u tio n plans For defined contribution plans, the Group pays contributions to privately managed pension in surance plans on a voluntary basis. The Group has no further paym ent obligations once the contributions have been paid; that is, the individual carries the risk. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expen ses w hen they are due for paym ent. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or decrease in futurei payments could accrue to the Group.
R em uneration u po n te rm in atio n o f em p lo ym en t A provision is recognised in connection with term inating the employment o f personnel only if the com pany is dem onstrably obligated to end employment before the normal time or
75 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

when remuneration is provided as an offer to encourage voluntary retirement.
Provisions Provisions are recognised in the balance sheet when the Group has an existing legal or informal obligation as a result of past events, and it is probable that an o u tflo w of financial resources will be required to settle the obligation and that the am ount can be reliably estim ated. In cases where the effect o f paym ent tim in g is significant, provisions are calculated by discounting the expected future cash flo w at an interest rate before ta x that reflects current market assessm ents o f the time value of money and, if applicable, the risks specific to the liability.
Taxes Income taxes consist of current tax and defer red tax. Income ta x is recognised in the income statement except when underlying transac tions are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly against equity, whereupon the associated tax effect is recognised in other com prehensive incom e or in equity. Current tax is tax that shall be paid or received in respect of the current year, using the tax rates which are enacted or w hich in practice are enacted on the balance sheet date. This includes adjustm ents of current tax relating to previous periods.
Deferred taxes are estimated in accordance with the liability method, based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts. Temporary differences not taken into consideration; tem po rary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill, the initial recognition of assets and liabilities that are not business combinations and which on the transaction date did not affect the recognised or taxable result. Furthermore, temporary differences are not taken into consi deration that are attributable to investments in subsidiaries and which are not expected to be reversed within the foreseeable future. The measurement of deferred tax is based on how the carrying am ounts of assets or liabilities are expected to be realised or settled. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates and tax regulations which are enacted or are in practice enacted on the balance sheet date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised net if they concern the same tax authority (country).
Deferred tax assets relating to deductible temporary differences and loss carryforwards are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that they can be utilised. The value of deferred tax assets is reduced when it is no longer considered probable that they can be utilised.
When a company is acquired, the acquisition constitutes either the acquisition of an entity or the acquisition o f an asset. An asset acquisition is identified if the acquired company only owns one or more properties. There are leases for these properties, but no personnel are employed in the company that can conduct business. In case of recognition as an asset acquisition, no deferred tax is recognised. All of Balder's completed acqui sitions, apart from Sato Oyj, have been classified as an asset acquisition and therefore no deferred tax is recognised relating to properties in respect of these acquisitions. Nor has the acquisition of Sato Oyj, which is classified as a business com bination, given rise to any deferred taxes on the acquisition date.
F-180

Contingent liabilities A contingent liability is recognised if there is a possible obligation for w hich it has yet to be confirmed if the Group has an obligation that could lead to an o u tflo w of resources, alterna tively, if there is a present obligation that does not meet the criteria to be recognised in the balance sheet as a provision or other liability as it is not probable that an o u tflo w o f resources will be required to settle the obligation or as it is not possible to make a sufficiently reliable estimate of the amount.
New and amended standards adopted by the Group The follow ing interpretations are are applied by the Group for the first tim e for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2015 and have an impact on the consolidated financial statem en ts:
IFRIC 21 "Levies" is an interpretation o f IAS 37 "Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Conting ent Assets". IFRIC 21 addresses the recognition o f levies, i.e. various types o f levies that may be imposed on an entity by a governm ental, or equivalent body, by law and/or regulation, which for the Group impacts the recognition of property tax. The obligating event that gives rise to a liability is the event that triggers the payment o f a levy. The interpretation will beco me effective for annual periods beginning after 17 June 2014 according to the EU. The interpre tation has not affected the Group on a full-year basis, however, the liability for property tax has been recognised as o f 1 January in its entirety and the cost has subsequently been allocated on a straight-line basis during the year.
Other standards, amendments and inter pretations that became effective for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2015 have not had any material im pact on the consolidated dinancial statements.
New standards and interpretations that have not yet been applied by the Group A number of new standards and interpreta tions have been published, which have still not entered into effect and thus and have not been adopted on preparation of these financial statem ents. None o f these are expected to have any material impact on the consolidated financial statem ents with the exception of the following:
IFRS 9 "Financial instrum ents" deals with classification, measurement and accounting of financial assets and liabilities. The complete version of IFRS 9 w as published in July 2014. It replaces the parts o f IAS 39 that deal with classification and measurement of financial instrum ents. The standard will be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. Earlier application is permitted. The Group has still not evaluated the effects of introducing the standard.
IFRS 15 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" prescribes how revenue recogni tion should occur. The principles that IFRS 15 is based on should provide users o f financial statements with more useful information about the company's revenue. The expanded disclosure requirements means that inform a tion about about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from a contract with a custom er should be reported. Under IFRS 15, revenue should be recognised when the customer obtains control over the sold good or service and is able to use and obtain the benefit o f the good or service. IFRS 15 replaces IAS 18 Revenue and IAS 11

Construction Contracts and the related inter pretations (IFRIC and SIC). IFRS 15 will become effective on 1 January 2018 with mandatory application. Earlier application is permitted. The Group has still not evaluated the effects of introducing the standard.
None of the other IFRS sor IFRIC interpreta tions which have not yet become effective, are expected to have any material impact on the group.
Parent Company accounting policies The parent company has prepared its annual accounts according to the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (1995:1554) and the Swedish Financial Reporting Board's recommendation RFR 2, Accounting for Legal Entities. The recom  m endation im plies that the parent com pany in the annual accounts for the legal entity should apply all International Financial Reporting Stan dards and interpretations approved by the EU as far as possible within the fram ework of the Annual Accounts Act, and taking into account the connection between recognition and taxation. The recommendation states which exemptions and amendments apply with respect to IFRS.
Differences between the Group and the Parent Company accounting policies The accounting policies set out for the parent company have been applied consistently for all periods presented in the parent company's financial statements.
C la ssifica tio n a n d fo rm a t The parent company's income statement and balance sheet are prepared according to the Swedish Annual Accounts Act's layout. The
Note 2  R e v e n u e d is trib u tio n
SEKm
Rental income
Rendering of services Total

difference from IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statem ents, w hich is applied in the presenta tion of the consolidated financial statements, is mainly related to recognition of financial income and expenses and shareholders' equity.
Subsidiaries a n d associated co m p a n ies Holdings in subsidiaries and associated com  panies are recognised in the parent com pany financial statements according to the cost method. Received dividends are only recogni sed as income provided that they pertain to profits earned subsequent to the acquisition. Dividends w hich exceed this earned profit are treated as a repayment o f the investment and reduce the carrying am ount of the participa tion.
Revenue The parent company's net sales consist of management services for subsidiaries. This incom e is reported in the period it concerns.
A n ticip a ted dividends Anticipated dividends from subsidiaries are recognised in cases where the parent com pany has the exclusive right to decide on the size of the dividend and the parent company has made a decision on the size o f the dividend be fore having published its financial statements.
Fin a n cia l guarantees The parent company's financial guarantee contracts mainly consist of loan guarante es on behalf of subsidiaries and associated companies. Financial guarantees mean that the company has an obligation to compensate the holder of a debt instrum ent for losses that they incur because a particular debtor does not

complete payment on m aturity according to the terms of the agreement. For recognition of financial guarantee contracts, the parent com  pany applies RFR 2 paragraph 72, w hich im plies relief compared to the rules in IAS 39 as regards financial guarantee contracts issued on behalf of subsidiaries and associated companies. The parent company recognises financial guarantee contracts as a provision in the balance sheet when the company has an obligation for which paym ent is likely to be required to settle the obligation.
Leased assets All lease agreem ents in the parent com pany are recognised in accordance w ith the rules for operating leases.
Taxes In the parent company, untaxed reserves are recognised including deferred tax. However, in the consolidated accounts, untaxed reserves are allocated between deferred tax liabilities and equity.
G roup co n trib u tio n s a n d sha re ho ld ers' co ntrib utio ns The company recognises group contributions and shareholders' contributions in accor dance with the Swedish Financial Reporting Board's recom m endation RFR 2. Shareholders' contributions are recorded directly in equity in the case o f the receiver and capitalised in shares and participations by the grantor, to the extent that impairment is not required. Group contributions are recognised as incom e in the income statem ent of the receiver and as a cost for the grantor. The tax effects are recognised according to IAS 12 in the incom e statem ent.

G ro u p
2015 2,711
2,711

2014
2,525 -
2,525

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

-

-

147

124

147

124

R en ta l inco m e is d istrib u te d a m o n g countries
SEKm
Sweden Denmark Finland Total

G ro u p

2015 2014

2,519 119 74
2,711

2,379 100 47
2,525

Note 3  S e g m e n t re p o rtin g
Balder' operating segm ents consist of the regi ons Helsinki, Stockholm, Gothenburg, Oresund, East and North. This division is aligned w ith the Group's internal reporting. The Management

R en ta l in co m e is d istrib u te d am ong property category
SEKm
Residential O ffice Retail Other Project Total

G ro u p

2015
1,109 717 314 487 83
2,711

2014
1,030 755 348 393 -
2,525

prim arily follow s up operating segm ents based on their net operating income, where common property adm instration expenses have been

R en ta l in co m e is d istrib u te d a m on g regions
SEKm
Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North Total

G ro u p

2015
843 938 414 352 164 2,711

2014
765 858 402 345 156 2,525

allocated according to the cost principle. Also see Note 1, Accounting policies applied.

R e g io n s
SEKm
Rental income Property costs Net operating income

H elsinki
2015 2014

-

-

-

-

-

-

S to c k h o lm
2015 2014

843 -200
643

765 -191
574

G othenburg
2015 2014

938 -288
650

857 -276
582

F-181

 resun d
2015 2014
414 402 -99 -108 315 294

East
2015 2014

N o rth
2015 2014

G ro u p
2015 2014

352 345 164 156 2,711 2,525

-119 -126 -61 -59 -767 -760

233 219 103

97 1,944 1,766

F A S T IG H E T S A B B A LD E R A N N U A L R EP O R T 2 0 1 5 76

Note 3  C o n tin u e d
R e g io n s
SEKm

H elsinki
2015 2014

S to c k h o lm
2015 2014

G o th e n b u rg
2015 2014

 resu n d
2015 2014

East
2015 2014

N o rth
2015 2014

G ro u p
2015 2014

Changes in value of properties Commercial properties Residential properties Profit incl. changes in value

-

- 1,298 921 593 588 144 111

93

17

27 -1 3 2,156 1,625

-

-

188 252 320 366 387 270 181 391 156 145 1,232 1,424

-

- 2,129 1,747 1,563 1,536 846 675 507 628 286 229 5,331 4,815

N o n -a llo cated item s: Other income/costs Management and administrative expences Participations in the profits of associated companies
Operating profit Net interest income/expense Changes in value of derivatives Income tax Net profit for the year Translation difference/participation in comprehensive income of associated companies Comprehensive income for the year

11

-

-185 -154

831 5,988 -437
227 -862 4,916

317 4,977 -532 -624 -693 3,128

-7

17

4,909 3,145

Assets Commercial properties Residential propertiers Investment properties

21,291 21,291

- 10,981 10,232 8,774 8,402 3,500 3,241 1,159 1,096 308 299 24,722 23,269 - 2,852 2,316 4,687 3,778 4,698 3,419 8,313 2,914 1,893 1,687 43,734 14,113 - 13,833 12,548 13,461 12,179 8,197 6,659 9,472 4,010 2,201 1,986 68,456 37,382

N on-allocated item s: Property, plant and equipment Other long-term receivables Participations in associated co m p an ies Current assets
Total assets

122

96

1,173 616

2,276 1,489

1,349 600 73,376 40,185

Shareholders' equity and liabilities
N o n -a llo cated item s: Equity Deferred tax liability Interest-bearing liabilities, non-current Derivatives Interest-bearing liabilities, current Non-interest-bearing liabilities
Total equity and liabilities

25,052 14,261 4,071 1,549
39,131 22,157 1,294 1,086 1,933 221 1,896 910
73,376 40,185

Investments (including acquisitions of companies)

Commercial properties

-

-

733 2,496

90 2,528 127 775

7 740

1 564 958 7,103

Residential properties

21,291

-

384

49 507

87 1,049 452 5,236

48

26

19 28,493 655

Investment properties

21,291 - 1,117 2,545 597 2,615 1,176 1,227 5,243 788

27 583 29,451 7,759

T h e G ro u p 's registered o ffice is in Sw e d en . Reven ue fro m e xte rn al cu sto m e rs in Sw e d en am o u n te d to S E K 2 ,51 9 m (2,379) and to tal revenu e fro m e xtern al cu sto m e rs in D en m ark

an d Fin lan d am o u n te d to S E K 1 9 3 m (147). T o tal n o n -cu rre n t asse ts, o th e r th a n fin a n c ia l in stru m e n ts and deferrred ta x re ce ivable s th a t are located in Sw e d en am o u n te d to S E K

3 7,6 7 6m (34 ,34 9 ) and th e to tal o f su ch n o n -c u rre n t a sse ts lo cated in o th e r co u n trie s a m o u n te d to S E K 30,902 m (3,130).

77 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-182

Note 4  Employees and personnel expenses

At year-end, the Group had a total o f 647 em ployees (313), o f w hom 310 (110) were w om en. The num ber o f em ployees in the parent com pany at year-end w as 196 (160), o f whom

70 (58) were women. During 2015, Fastighets AB Balder had 5 Board m embers (5) including the Chairm an, o f whom 1 (1) w as a wom an. The Group as well as the parent com pany had

6 senior executives (6) including the CEO, of w hom 1 (1) was a wom an.

Number of emplyees
Average number of employees O f which women

G ro u p
2015
474 199

2014 294 101

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

185

136

69

51

Salaries, fees and benefits SEKm
Chairm an o f the Board O ther Board members Chief Executive Officer
Basic salary Benefits Other senior executives Basic salary Benefits Other employees Basic salary Benefits Total

G ro u p

2015

2014

0.2

0.2

0.3

0.3

0.9

0.9

-

-

5.4

5.1

0.3

0.3

121.6 1.7
130.4

101.8 1.4
110.0

Parent C om pany

2015

2014

0.2

0.2

0.3

0.3

0.9

0.9

-

-

5.4

5.1

0.3

0.3

61.9

47.7

1.0

0.8

70.0

55.3

Statutory social security contributions including payroll tax SEKm
Board o f Directors Chief Executive Officer Other senior executives Other employees Total

G ro u p
2015
0.1 0.4 1.9 39.8 42.2

2014
0.1 0.4 1.8 32.9 35.2

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

0.1

0.1

0.4

0.4

1.9

1.8

20.1

15.1

22.5

17.4

Contractual pension expenses SEKm
Chief Executive Officer Other senior executives Other employees Total
Total

G ro u p
2015
0.3 0.8 7.5 8.6

2014
0.3 0.7 6.5 7.5

181.2

152.7

Parent C om pany

2015

2014

0.3

0.3

0.8

0.7

3.1

2.1

4.2

3.1

96.7

75.8

Remuneration to senior executives and other benefits during the year
SEKm

2 0 1 5 -0 1 -0 1 -2 0 1 5 -1 2 -3 1

Basic salary

Pension

directors' fees Benefits expense Total

o 1 1 o

Chairm an o f the Board Christina Rogestam Board m ember Fredrik Svensson Board m ember Sten Duner Board m ember Anders W ennergren CEO M anagem ent team (5 persons) Total

0.1

-

-

0.1

0.1

-

-

0.1

0.1

-

-

0.1

0.9

-

0.3

1.2

5.4

0.3

0.8

6.5

6.8

0.3

1.1 8.2

N o v ariable rem un eration is paid to an y o f th e co m p an y's senio r executives.

2 0 1 4 -0 1 -0 1 -2 0 1 4 -1 2 -3 1

Basic salary directors' fees

Benefits

Pension expense

0.2

-

-

0.1

-

-

0.1

-

-

0.1

-

-

0.9

-

0.3

5.1

0.3

0.7

6.5

0.3

1.0

Total
0.2 0.1 0.1 0.1 1.2 6.1 7.8

F-183

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 78

Note 4  Continued

A defined benefit pension plan agreem ent has been entered into with the CEO which means that an am ount o f SEK 0.4m (0.4) will be paid out annually to the CEO when he reaches 55 until he is 65. Future paym ents will be limited by the fund's assets by agreem ent. The pay m ents are not dependent on future em ploy ment. The present value of the com m itm ent am ounted to SEK 3.0m (3.0). The com m itm ent has been secured by a provision to a pension fund, whose plan assets amounted to SEK 3.0m (3.0). The value o f the pension com m itm ent has been calculated in accordance w ith the Pension Obligations Vesting Act, which does
Note 5  A u d it f e e s a n d re im b u rs e m e n ts

not accord w ith IAS 19. The difference in cost under the tw o m ethods o f calculation is not significant.
Remuneration to senior executives follows the guidelines resolved upon at the latest Annual General Meeting. The remuneration should be market-related and competitive. The remu neration should be paid in the form of a fixed salary. Pension term s should be market-related and based on defined contribution pension solutions. Total dismissal pay and termination benefits should not exceed 18 m onthly salaries. The CEO's salary and benefits are determined by the Board. Salaries and benefits of other senior

executives are determined by the CEO. In the event of termination of the CEO's employment, a m utual period o f notice o f six months applies. In the event o f term ination by the company, term ination benefits o f 12 m onthly salaries are payable (not qualifying for pension or holiday pay). A m utual period of notice of six months applies to other members of the Management team. No termination benefits are payable.
The Board has the right to depart from the guidelines resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting for remuneration to senior executives, if special grounds exist.

The audit assignm ent refers to the review of the financial statem ents and accounting records as well as the adm inistration of the Board of Directors and CEO. This item also includes other duties that the company's auditors are obliged to perform as well as advice or other assistance that is occasioned by review or implementation of such other duties. Everything else is consultancy. Audit expenses are included in group-w ide expenses, w hich are levied on the subsidiaries.

SEKm
PwC The audit assignm ent in Sweden The audit assignm ent in Denm ark The audit assignm ent in Finland Tax consultancy Other services
Total

G ro u p
2015

2014

2.5

2.0

0.7

0.5

0.1

0.1

0.8

0.1

-

0.2

4.1

2.9

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

2.5

1.7

-

-

-

-

0.8

0.1

-

0.2

3.3

2.0

Note 6  O p e r a t in g c o sts d is tr ib u te d a c c o r d in g to f u n c t io n a n d ty p e o f c o s t

Note 7  S p e c ific a tio n o f p r o p e r t y co sts

Group, SEKm
Property costs Management and administrative expenses Total
Group, SEKm Personnel expenses D e p re ciatio n /a m o rtisatio n Media expenses Property tax Ground rent M aintenance and other costs 1) Total
1) Refers to operating costs and adm in istration e xclu din g personnel expenses.

2015
767 185 953
2015 181 15 285 122 21 327 953

2014
760 154 914
2014 153 16 295 113 15 323 914

Group, SEKm

2015 2014

Operating and maintenance 332 331
cost 1

Media expenses 2)

291 301

Property tax

122 113

Ground rent

21

15

Total

767 760

1) O p e ratin g co sts include personnel e xp en se s rela tin g to property m aintenance. 2) In clu d e s d ep recia tio n o f w in d tu rb in e s.

Note8  O p e ra tin g lea ses

Leases where the Group is the lessee The Group has a number of site leasehold
rights and leases under operating leases. The lease paym ents are renegotiated at the end of the leases to reflect market rents. Leases are m ostly due for renegotiation in more than 5 years and am ount to SEK 652 m (470) in total. In the annual accounts for 2015, an expense o f SEK 21m (15) w as recognised in respect o f operating leases in the Group. The future non-cancellable lease paym ents are as follow s:

Group, SEKm

2015 2014

W ithin one year 1-5 years >5 years
Total

21

21

80

81

551

368

652 470

No leasing expenses were recognised in the parent company. However, there are a small number of insignificant operating leases, where Balder is lessee, mainly relating to private cars. Payments made during the lease term are expensed in the income statem ent on a straight-line basis over the term o f the lease.
Leases where the Group is lessor The Group lets out its investm ent properties under operating leases. The future non-cancel lable lease paym ents are as follow s in the table to the right.
Leases for commercial premises are normally entered into for 3 -5 years with a period o f noti ce of 9 months. Leases for residential properties norm ally run subject to a period o f notice o f 3

months. The average lease term in the portfolio's
com m ercial leases am ounted to 6.3 years (5.9).

Group, SEKm
Residential, parking etc. (within one year) Commercial premises
W ithin one year 1-5 years >5 years Total

2015 2014
3,457 1,094
1,615 1,635 4,245 4,333 4,570 4,206 13,887 11,268

79 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-184

Note 9  Financial income

SEKm
Interest income Interest income, subsidiaries Other financial income Total

G ro u p

2015

2014

67

75

-

-

99

33

166

108

Note 10  F in a n c ia l co sts

SEKm
Interest expenses, borrowings Interest expenses, interest rate derivatives Interest expenses, subsidiaries Other financial expenses Total

G ro u p

2015

2014

294

407

288

198

-

-

21

35

603

640

Note ff  Taxes

Recognised in the income statement SEKm
Current tax expense (-)/tax revenue (+) Current tax Deferred tax expense (-)/tax revenue (+) Deferred tax related to temporary differences Deferred tax on changes in loss carry-forwards Released deferred tax in respect o f tem porary differences on sale Change in other tem porary differenses Total deferred tax Total recognised tax

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

54

57

974

767

97

53

1,125

877

Interest incom e is m ainly related to receivables from associated companies. Other financial incom e m ainly relates to changes in value of financial investments and dividends on quoted shares.

Parent C om pany

2015

2014

110

148

242

161

271

216

11

15

633

539

Interest expenses and other financial expenses are related to interest-bearing liabilities.

G ro u p
2015

2014

4
-853 -62 76 -27
-866 -862

-11
-665 -53 40 -5
-682 -693

Parent C om pany

2015

2014

-

-

-58

121

-11

-7

-

-

-

-

-69

115

-69

115

Reconcilation of effective tax Group, SEKm
Profit before tax Tax according to current tax rate in Parent Com pany Difference between profit for tax purposes and recognised profit on sa le o f property Tax on participation in profits o f associated com panies Tax pertaining to prior years Acquired loss carry-forwards Non-taxable incom e/non-deductible expenses etc. Recognised effective tax

Parent Company, SEKm
Profit before tax Tax according to current tax rate in Parent Com pany Non-taxable income/non-deductible expenses Tax-exempt dividends Tax pertaining to prior years Recognised effective tax

2015, %
22 -0 -16 -0
6

2015, %
22 -2 -3 -0 -2 -0 15
2015
1,130 -249
3 176
0 -69

2015
5,778 -1,271
89 183
4 116
18 -862

2014, %
22 -2 -2
0 0 18

2014, %

22 1
-84 -
-61

2014
3,822 -841
59 70
4 15 -693
2014
188 -41
-1 157
115

F-185

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 80

Note 1  Continued
Recognised in the balance sheet Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities
Group 2015, SEKm Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities relate to the following: Properties Derivative instruments Loss carry-forwards Other temporary differences Set-off Total
No n on -capitalised loss carry-forw ards exist.
Parent Company 2015, SEKm Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities relate to the following: Derivative instruments Loss carry-forwards Other temporary differences Set-off Total
No n on -capitalised loss carry-forw ards e xist in Sw eden.
Change in deferred tax in temporary differences and carryforwards
Group, SEKm Properties Derivative instruments Capitalisation of the value of loss carry-forwards Other temporary differences Total
Group, SEKm Properties Derivative instruments Capitalisation of the value of loss carry-forwards Other temporary differences Total
Parent Company, SEKm Derivative instruments Capitalisation of the value of loss carry-forwards Other temporary differences Total
Parent Company, SEKm Derivative instruments Capitalisation of the value of loss carry-forwards Other temporary differences Total

Deferred tax assets
-- 263 343
-606
-
Deferred tax assets
162 5 -
-23 144

Deferred tax liabilities
-4,674 -
-2 606 -4,071
Deferred tax liabilities
-23 23 -

Net
-4,674 263 343 -2 -
-4,071
Net
162 5
-23 -
144

Recognised in Balance on statement of com1 Jan 2014 prehensive income

-1,359 104 432 -39
-862

-759 135 -53 -5
-682

Recognised in Balance on statement of com 1 Jan 2015 prehensive income

-2,119 239 380 -49
-1,549

-727 -50 -62 -27
-866

Recognised in Balance on statement of com 1 Jan 2014 prehensive income

79

126

23

-7

-4 98
Balance on 1 Jan 2015

-5
Recognisedin statement of comprehensive income

206

-44

16

-11

-9

-14

213

-69

Acquisitions and disposals of companies

Balance on 31 Dec 2014

-1

-2,119

-

239

0

380

-5

-49

-6

-1,549

Acquisitions and disposals of companies
-1,828 74 25 74
-1,656

Balance on 31 Dec 2015
-4,674 263 343 -2
-4,071

Acquisitions and disposals of companies

Balance on 31 Dec 2014
206 16 -9
213 Balance on 31
Dec 2015
162 5
-23 144

81 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-186

12 Note * Earnings per ordinary share
Earnings per ordinary share are calculated as follows: Parent Company, SEKm Net profit attributable to owners of the Parent Company Departs - dividend preference shares Total

2015 4,916 -200 4,716

2014 3,128 -200 2,928

W eighted average n u m b er o f o utsta n din g o rd in a ry shares
Total number of shares, 1 January
Effect of disposal of treasury shares Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares before dilution
Effect of newly issued shares Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares after dilution

162,396,852 159,537,252 - 2,248,507

162,396,852 161,785,759

356,164

-

162,753,016 161,785,759

The calculation of earnings per ordinary share has been based on the net profit for the year attributable to holders of ordinary shares in the parent company amounting to SEK 4,716m (2,928), after taking account of the participation of preference shares in net profit for the period and on a weighted average number of shares during the year amounting to 162,753,016 shares (161,785,759).

Earnings per ordinary share before dilution Earnings per ordinary share after dilution
Note 13 * In v e stm e n t p ro p e rtie s

Group, SEKm
Opening fair value Acquisitions Acquisitions Sato Oyj Investments in existing properties and projects Changes in value Divestments Currency changes Closing fair value

2015 2014

37,382 2,183
26,477

27,532 7,059 -

791 700

3,323 -1,542
-158 68,456

2,906 -971
157 37,382

Investment properties are recognised at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position and the changes in value are recognised in the consolidated income statement. All investment properties are de emed to be at Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy according to IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement . The fair value of Balder's property portfolio is based on internal valuations. Fair value is the estimated amount that would be recovered in a transaction on the date of measurement between knowledgeable parties that are independent of one another and that have an interest in completing the transaction after customary marketing, where both parties are assumed to have acted discerningly, wisely and without compulsion.
On the closing date, Balder carried out an in ternal valuation, based on a ten-year cash flow model, of the entire property portfolio. Each property is individually valued by computing the present value of future cash flows, in other words future rent payments less estimated operating and maintenance payments and the residual value in ten years. Estimated rent payments as well as operating and main tenance payments have been derived from current rental income as well as operating and maintenance costs. The cash flow is adjusted to the market by taking account of any changes in the occupancy rate and letting levels as well as operating and maintenance payments. An inflation rate of 2 per cent has been assumed in

29.04 28.98

18.10 18.10

all cash flow calculations. Market assessments of properties always
involve a certain amount of uncertainty in the assumptions and estimates made. The uncertainty in respect of individual properties is normally considered to be in the range of + /5-10 per cent and should be regarded as the uncertainty that is part of the assumptions and calculations made. In a less liquid market, the range can be greater.
For Balder, a range of uncertainty of + / - 5 per cent means a value range of SEK + /- 3,423 m, equivalent to SEK 65,033-71,879m.
In order to quality-assure its internal valu ations, Balder allows parts of the portfolio to be externally valued regularly during the year. During the fourth quarter, Balder external ly valued about one third of its properties including Sato's property holdings. The external valuation was less than 1 per cent lower than Balder's internal valuation at year-end. Histori cally, deviations between external and internal valuations have been insignificant.
Rent payments The rental trend is estimated to follow inflation taking account of prevailing index clauses in leases during their terms. When leases expire, an assessment is made of whether the lease is deemed to be extended at the prevailing market rent level and whether there is a risk of the premises becoming vacant. Vacancies are considered on the basis of the current vacancy situation with a gradual adjustment to expected market-related vacancy rates taking account of the property's individual conditions.
Operating and maintenance payments Outcomes, budgetary and projection data as well as estimated standardised costs have been used in the assessment of the property's future property costs.
Yield Yield requirements and cost of capital used in the calculations have been derived from comparable transactions in the property

market. Important factors in choosing a yield requirement are location, rental level, vacancy rate and the condition of the property. The yield requirement and cost of capital used are shown in the table on page 83.
The average yield on the closing date amoun ted to 5.4 per cent (5.5).
On 31 December 2015, after Balder's valuation, the company's total property value amounted to SEK 68,456m (37,382). For more information see the Report of the Board of Directors and Sensitivity analysis on page 60.
Future investments On 31 December, Balder had ongoing residenti al projects with an expected total investment of SEK 8,000m, of which about SEK 4,400m was already invested. The most large-scale in vestments are in Copenhagen and Helsinki and mainly relate to condominiums that are let. In Copenhagen, there are currently about 1,000 apartments under construction as well as about 1,100 apartments in Finland and about 350 tenant-owner's apartments in Sweden. We expect to complete about 500 apartments during the first half of 2016.
On 31 December 2015, Balder's investment undertakings amounted to approximately SEK 3,600m (570), of which Sato Oyj's investment undertakings amounted to about SEK 1,500m.

F-187

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 82

Note f3 텰ontinued

Se n sitivityan alysis+1/-1 percentage

Residential properties

Rental value Economic occupancy rate Property costs Yield

Residential properties

+ /- 638
+ /- 638 + /- 234 - 6,581/+ 9,575

Commercial properties
+ /- 296
+ /- 296 + /- 57
- 3,925/+ 5,738

The sensitivity analysis on the left shows how a + /- one percentage point change in cash flow and yield requirement will affect the valuation. One parameter in the sensitivity analysis rarely changes in isolation, but different assumptions are interconnected as regards cash flow and yield requirement.

Commercial properties

Region

Cost of capital requirement for discouting of
future cash flows, %

Yield requirement for assessment of resi
dual value, %

Cost of capital require ment for discouting of
future cash flows, %

Yield requirement The average yield requi

for assessment of resi rement for assessment

dual value, %

of residual value, %

Helsingfors

7.25-8.50

5.25-6.50

-

-

5.70

Stockholm

4.75-6.75

2.75-4.75

6.00-9.00

4.00-7.00

4.72

Gothenburg

5.00-10.00

3.00-8.00

6.00-12.00

4.00-10.00

5.26

Oresund

5.45-7.50

3.45-5.50

6.50-8.50

4.50-6.50

4.92

East North

6.25-8.50

4.25-6.50

7.75-12.00

5.75-10.00

5.94

6.00-7.75

4.00-5.75

7.50-8.50

5.50-6.50

4.90

The yield requirement is the single most important parameter during valuation. Generally speaking, residential has a lower yield requirement, mainly due to a secure cash flow and low risk.
Note14텽therproperty,plantandequipment

Equipment SEKm

Group

2015

2014

Parent Company

2015

2014

Cost Opening balance Acquisitions during the year Increase by business combination (Sato Oyj) Closing balance

59

53

4

6

37

-

100

59

9

8

0

1

-

-

9

9

Depreciation Opening balance Retirements Depreciation during the year Closing balance

-40

-29

-

-2

-9

-10

-50

-40

-7

-6

-

-

-1

-1

-7

-7

Carrying amount
Wind turbines SEKm Cost Opening balance Closing balance

50

18

Group

2015

2014

164

164

164

164

1

2

Parent Company

2015

2014

30

30

30

30

Depreciation and impairments Opening balance Depreciation during the year Closing balance

-86

-80

-6

-6

-93

-86

-10

-8

-2

-2

-12

-10

Carrying amount

72

78

18

20

Total carrying amount
D ep recia tio n is re co gnise d in a d m in istra tiv e e xp e n se s an d m e dia e xp en se s.

122

96

20

22

83 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-188

Note !5  Participations in associated companies

Participations in associated com panies are recognised in the Group using the equity method and in the Parent Com pany using the cost method.

Accumulated cost, SEKm

C ro u p
2015

2014

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

Opening balance Acquisition of associated companies 1
Disposal of associated Companies Associated com panies reclassified to subsidiaries 2) Dividend associated companies Participations in the profits o f associated com panies after tax Change in shareholders' equity o f associated com panies Closing balance Participating interest in associated companies' statements of comprehensive income Group, SEKm
Rental income Property costs Net operating income

1,489 261
-0
-300 -1
831 -5
2,276

1,020 420
-224
-45 317
1 1,489

536 1
-
-
536
2015 789
-266 523

483 153
-100
536
2014 180 -35 145

Changes in value of properties, unrealised Changes in value of properties, realised Management and administrative costs Other operating income 3) Opertating profit

318

176

85

-

-77

-13

289

131

1,138

439

Net interest income/expenses Changes in value of derivatives, unrealised Profit before tax

-153

-68

1

-

987

371

Tax Net profit for the year Profit from property management before tax

-155

-54

831

317

457

195

Summary of participating interest in associated companies' statements of financial position 4) Group, SEKm
Assets Shareholders' equity including shareholders' loan Liabilities

2015
6,034 2,276 3,758

2014
3,717 1,489 2,228

1) A cq u isitio n s o f a sso cia te d co m p a n ie s refers to sh a re s in T o rn e t B o stad sp ro d u ktio n AB, Brin ova F a stigh e te r AB, M u rb ru ke t H o ld in g F a stig h e ts AB, Bald er 24 A B sa m t Balder A dm inistration ApS. 2) T h is item refers to Sato Oyj and Bovieran H o ld in g AB. 3) The m ajority relates to Collector AB. In clu din g incom e from property m an age m e n t am ounted to 163 SEKm . 4) The item s do not include Sato Oyj sam t Bovieran H o ld in g AB w hich d u rin g 2015 has gone from b ein g associated co m pan ies to being subsidiaries.

Group holdings of participations in associated companies in 2015

Company
Collector AB 1 Tulia AB Fastighets AB Centur Mtesplatsen Intressenter AB Bergsspiran AB Fix Holding AB Proximion Holding AB Balder Skne AB Frsta Lnggatan Fastigheter i GBG HB

Corporate identity

number

Registered office

556560-0797 556712-9811 556813-6369 556859-0417 556736-4475 556949-3702 556915-7331 556899-9230

Gothenburg Gothenburg Stockholm Alingss Gothenburg Gothenburg Stockholm Gothenburg

916851-7259

Gothenburg

Number of shares
41,136,900 50,000 500 320 250 50,000 50,000 1,000
-

Share, %
44 50 50 32 25 50 34 50
50

Value of share Carrying amount

of equity in the

in Parent

Group, SEKm Company, SEKm

951

517

331

-

371

4

11

15

0

0

0

-

6

-

46

-

259

-

F-189

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 84

Note 15 Continued

Company

Corporate identity

number

Registered office

Tornet Bostadsproduktion AB Brinova Fastigheter AB

556796-2682 556840-3918

Murbruket Holding Fastighets AB 556940-2877

Balder 24 AB Balder Administration ApS Total

559008-2912 31585457

Stockholm Skne Gothenburg Gothenburg Copenhagen

Number of shares
1,550,000 14,778,978
250 500 20,000

1) Balders m arket valu e o f Collector AB (publ) as o f D ecem ber 31, 2015 am ounted to SEKm 5,224.
Group holdings of participations in associated companies in 2014

Company
Collector AB Tulia AB Bovieran Holding AB Fastighets AB Centur Mtesplatsen Intressenter AB Bergsspiran AB Fix Holding AB Proximion Holding AB Balder Skne AB Frsta Lnggatan Fastigheter i GBG HB Total

Corporate identity

number

Registered office

556560-0797 556712-9811 556813-3168 556813-6369 556859-0417 556736-4475 556949-3702 556915-7331 556899-9230

Gothenburg Gothenburg Gothenburg Stockholm Alingss Gothenburg Gothenburg Stockholm Gothenburg

916851-7259

Gothenburg

Number of shares
41,136,900 50,000 8,070 500 320 250 50,000 50,000 1,000
-

Note16  Trade rece iv a b les
Trade receivables are carried at the amount which is expected to be received less individually estimated doubtful receivables. The individual assessment is made on all trade receivables, which have have fallen due for 90 days or more. Earnings in 2015 were charged with SEK 8m (9) in respect of actual and expected bad debt losses. The trade receivables are of a short-term character and this means that they are recognised as current assets and at fair value.

Age distribution of trade receivables

Group, SEKm

2015 2014

-3 0 days 31-60 days 61-90 days 91 days-
Doubtful trade receivables Trade receivables, net

109 10

20

9

1

0

24 17

155 36

-24 -17

130 19

Share, %
31 35 50 50 40

Value of share Carrying amount

of equity in the

in Parent

Group, SEKm Company, SEKm

102

-

188

-

6

-

4

-

0

-

2,276

536

Share, %
48 50 80 50 32 25 50 34 50

Value of share Carrying amount

of equity in the

in Parent

Group, SEKm Company, SEKm

698

517

243

-

68

-

195

4

12

15

0

0

0

-

6

-

36

-

50

231

-

1,489

536

Doubtful trade receivables Group, SEKm
Opening balance Acquired opening balance Debt losses of the year Doubtful trade receivables during the year Closing balance

2015 2014 -17 -25
-9 59
-3 -0 -24 -17

Notef7  O th e r lo n g te rm re ce iv a b le s

SEKm
Receivables associated companies Other receivables Total

G ro u p

2015 2014

894 616

279

-

1 173 616

Parent Com pany
2015 2014

894 616

141

-

1 036 616

Note 18 P re p a id e x p e n se s a n d a c c ru e d in c o m e

SEKm
Insurance Interest income Rental income Property expenses Other items Total

G ro u p

2015

2014

2

4

3

2

27

16

60

14

15

9

107

45

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

-

-

2

2

-

-

-

-

2

5

4

7

Note19  F in a n c ia l in v e stm e n ts
SEKm
Q u o ted securities
Shares and bonds Total
Fin an cial in v estm e n ts are m easured a t fa ir v a lu e th ro u g h p ro fit and loss (see N ote 9).

G ro u p
2015

2014

405

257

405

257

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

390

257

390

257

85 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-190

20 Note  Share capital

On 31 December 2015, the registered share capital consisted of 182,396,852 shares, of which 11,229,432 were ordina ry sha res of Class A and 161,167,420 ordinary shares o f Class B, and 10,000,000 preference shares. Balder carried out a directed new issue o f 10 million ordinary shares, in December, which brought in SEK 1,705 million after issue costs of SEK 15m. The issue has
Share capital trend

Day Month

Year Event

provided Balder with a number o f new Swedish and foreign shareholders. For existing ordinary shareholders, the issue implied a dilutive effect o f 6 per cent of the capital. After the issue and as o f 31 December, the share capital in Balder thus amounted to SEK 182,396,852, distributed am ong 182,396,852 shares. Each Class A share

carries one vote, and each Class B share and pre ference share carries one tenth of one vote. An or dinary share entitles its holder to a dividend that is determined in due course while a preference share entitles its holder to an annual dividend of SEK 20.00 per share. All shares entitle holders to voting rights at the Annual General Meeting.

Change in

number of Total number

shares

of shares

Total

number of Quota value Change in

outstanding per share, share capital,

shares

SEK

SEK

Total share capital, SEK

27 June

2005 Start date

18 A u gu st

2 0 0 5 Issu e in kind

18 A u gu st

2005

Red uctio n o f th e sh are cap ital by d ecre asin g n o m in a l am o u n t

18 A u gu st

2 0 0 5 Issu e in kind

18 A u gu st

2005 Se t-o ff issue

18 A u gu st

2005

C o n so lid a tio n o f n o m in al a m o u n t to SEK 1

27 January

2 0 0 6 Issu e in kind

9

O ctober

2 0 0 6 Issu e in kind

2008 Repurchase, treasu ry shares

28 A ugust

2 0 0 9 Issu e in kind

4

Ju n e

2010 B o n us issu e

1

F e b ru a ry

201 1 N e w issue

20

M ay

2011 B o n us issu e

16 June

2011

D ire cte d n e w issu e o f p re fere n ce sh a re s

31 Ja n u a ry

2012 Se t-o ff issu e preference share

11 O ctober

2012 Se t-o ff issu e preference share

24

M ay

2013

D ire cte d n e w issu e o f p re fere n ce sh a re s

22 O ctober

2013

D ire cte d n e w issu e o f p re fere n ce sh a re s

19

M arch

2 01 4 D isp o sal o f re p u rch ase d sh are s

18

D e ce m b e r 2 0 1 5 D ire cte d n e w issu e o f o rd in a ry

sh a re s

31 December 2015

2 ,000,002 -

7 5,386,104 7 7,386,106 7 7,386,106

7 5 ,3 8 6 ,1 0 4 7 7 ,3 8 6 ,1 0 6 7 7 ,3 8 6 ,1 0 6

1 ,2 8 7 ,7 3 1 ,3 8 0 1 8 ,8 4 6 ,5 1 4
-1 ,3 7 0,1 2 4,3 6 0

1 ,3 6 5 ,1 1 7 ,4 8 6 1 ,3 8 3 ,9 6 4 ,0 0 0
1 3,839,640

1 ,3 6 5 ,1 1 7 ,4 8 6 1 ,3 8 3 ,9 6 4 ,0 0 0
1 3 ,8 3 9 ,6 4 0

1 ,0 0 0 ,0 0 0 1 ,3 8 0 ,0 0 0 -4 7 6 ,6 0 0 9 ,171,502 7 6,173,426 6 ,7 0 0 ,0 0 0 5 4,132,284 4 ,000,000

1 4,839,640 1 6,219,640 1 6,219,640 2 5 ,3 9 1 ,1 4 2 1 0 1 ,5 6 4 ,5 6 8 1 0 8 ,2 6 4 ,5 6 8 1 6 2 ,3 9 6 ,8 5 2 1 6 6 ,3 9 6 ,8 5 2

1 4 ,8 3 9 ,6 4 0 1 6 ,2 1 9 ,6 4 0 1 5 ,7 4 3 ,0 4 0 2 4,914,542 9 9,658,168 1 06,358,168 1 59,537,252 1 63,537,252

1 ,0 0 0 ,0 0 0 1 ,0 0 0 ,0 0 0
5 0 0 ,0 0 0

1 6 7 ,3 9 6 ,8 5 2 1 6 8 ,3 9 6 ,8 5 2 1 6 8 ,8 9 6 ,8 5 2

1 64,537,252 1 65,537,252 1 66,037,252

3 ,5 0 0 ,0 0 0

1 7 2 ,3 9 6 ,8 5 2

1 69,537,252

2 ,859,600 1 0,000,000

1 7 2 ,3 9 6 ,8 5 2 1 8 2 ,3 9 6 ,8 5 2

1 72,396,852 1 82,396,852

182,396,852 182,396,852

1 .0 0 1 .0 0 0 .0 1

2 ,0 0 0 ,0 0 2 -7 6 ,6 1 2 ,2 4 5

0 .0 1 0 .0 1 1 .0 0

1 2,877,314 1 8 8 ,4 6 5 -

7 5 ,3 8 6 ,1 0 4 7 7 ,3 8 6 ,1 0 6
7 7 3 ,8 6 1
1 3 ,6 5 1 ,1 7 5 1 3 ,8 3 9 ,6 4 0 1 3 ,8 3 9 ,6 4 0

1 .0 0 1 .0 0 1 .0 0 1 .0 0 1 .0 0 1 .0 0 1 .0 0 1 .0 0

1 ,0 0 0 ,0 0 0 1 ,3 8 0 ,0 0 0
9 ,1 7 1 ,5 0 2
6 ,7 0 0 ,0 0 0
4 ,0 0 0 ,0 0 0

1 4 ,8 3 9 ,6 4 0 1 6 ,2 1 9 ,6 4 0 1 6 ,2 1 9 ,6 4 0 2 5,391,142 1 01,564,568 1 08,264,568 1 62,396,852 1 66,396,852

1 .0 0 1 .0 0 1 .0 0

1 ,0 0 0 ,0 0 0 1 ,0 0 0 ,0 0 0
5 0 0 ,0 0 0

1 67,396,852 1 68,396,852 1 68,896,852

1 .0 0

3 ,5 0 0 ,0 0 0

1 72,396,852

1 .0 0 1 .0 0
1.00

1 0,000,000

1 72,396,852 1 82,396,852

182,396,852

The Group has made the assessment that the outstanding preference shares constitute equity instruments. This assessment is based on the fact that both the dividend and redemption of preference shares require a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders where the
Note 2 f  F in a n c ia l risks a n d f in a n c ia l p o lic ie s

ordinary shareholders have a majority. Thus for the company it is discretionary whether payment or redemption of these preference shares occurs and consequently no contractual obligation exists to pay out funds, which means that the instrument should be classified as equity.

The Board will propose to the Annual Gene ral Meeting for the financial year 2015 that no dividend on ordinary shares (-) should be declared and a dividend o f SEK 20.00 per share for preference shares should be declared (20.00). All issued shares are fully paid-up.

Balder is financed by equity and liabilities, where the Mayority of the liabilities consist of interest-bearing liabilities. The proportion of equity is impacted by the chosen level of financial risk which in turn is im pacted by lenders' equity requirements for offering mar ket-related financing. Balder's long-term goals for the capital structure are that the equity/ assets ratio should not be less than 35 per cent over tim e and that the interest coverage ratio should not be less than 2.0 tim es.
Financial policy The Group is exposed to six different kinds of financial risks through its operations. Financial risks refer to interest rate risk, liquidity risk, refinancing risk, price risk, credit risk and currency risk. The financial policy prescribes

guidelines and rules for how the financial operations shall be conducted and establishes the division of responsibilities and adm inis trative rules. Departures from the Group's financial policy require the approval of the Board. Responsibility for the Group's financial transactions and risks is m anaged centrally by the parent company's financial department. Financial risk is managed at a portfolio level. Fi nancial transactions shall be conducted based on an assessm ent of the Group's overall needs relating to liquidity, fin an cin g and interest risk.
Fina n cia l p o licy goa ls: 톞he equity/assets ratio should exceed 35 per cent over time, 톞he interest coverage ratio should not be less
than 2.0 tim es,

 secure the short-term and long-term supply o f capital,  obtain a stable long-term capital structure. The Group has market-related covenants for its funding. These were fulfilled during the financial year.
The goals are followed up regularly in reports to the Board prior to presentation o f the com  pany's interim reports.

Financial goals

O utcom e
Goal 2015 2014

Equity/assets ratio, %
Equity/assets ratio (including Collector AB at market value), %
Interest coverage ratio, tim e s

34.1 35.5 35.0 37.8 35.5
2.0 5.1 3.4

F-191

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 86

Note2 f  Continued

Capital risk The Group's goal as regards the capital structu re is to secure the Group's ability to continue its operations, so that it can continue to generate a return to shareholders and value for other stakeholders.
Refinancing risk Refinancing risk refers to the risk that Balder may not be able to obtain refinancing in the future or only at a significantly increased cost. At year-end, Balder had credit facilities of SEK 4,745m, of which SEK 4,545m were unutilised. Balder also has credit facilities that fully cover future payments for ongoing construction pro jects. Balder works continually on raising new loans and on renegotiating existing loans. Over tim e, 50 per cent o f the loan portfolio should have a credit term of more than two years and not more than 35 per cent o f the loans should mature during a single year.
Liquidity risk Liquidity risk refers to the risk of a lack of sufficient cash and cash equivalents to be able to fu lfil the com pany's paym ent obligations re lating to operating costs, interest, amortisation and dividend on preference shares. According to the financial policy, there should alw ays be sufficient cash in hand and guaranteed credit facilities to cover the day-to-day liquidity re quirements. Regardless of long-term goals, the Board can decide to tem porarily boost liquidity, for exam ple, to be better prepared for Mayor transactions. On the closing date, Balder's cash and cash equivalents, financial investments and unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK 1,339m (806). Balder's financial policy, which is updated at least once each year, prescribes guidelines and rules for how borrowing should be conducted. The overall objective o f financial m anagem ent is to use borrow ing to safeguard the supply o f capital to the com pany in the short and long run, to adapt the financial strategy and m anagem ent o f financial risks to the company's business so that a long-term and stable capital structure is achieved and maintained and to achieve the best possible net financial income/expense within given lim its for risk.
Duration analysis of financial liabilities The tables on the right above show the cash flo w per year as regards financial liabilities assum ing the current size of the Group. The cash flow refers to interest expenses, am orti sation, trade payables and settlement of other financial liabilities. Net financial items have been calculated based on the Group's average interest less interest income.
Refinancing occurs on a regular basis, so no interest expense for a longer period than 10 years is indicated.
Interest rate risk Interest rate risk refers to the risk of fluctua
tions in cash flow and earnings due to changes in interest rates. The key factor affecting interest rate risk is the interest rate refixing period. Long interest rate refixing periods ensure predicta bility in cash flow but in most cases also mean higher interest expenses. The Group's interest rate exposure is centralised, which means that the central finance function is responsible for
87 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

Group 2015-12-31 SEKm
M aturity structure, loans In te re st e x p e n s e s 1) Trade payables O ther liabilities Total

Within one year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4 -5 years

11,201 878 179 542
12,799

10,269 873 -
11,141

3,190 868 -
4,058

2 ,1 5 0 863 -
3,013

5,763 858
-
6,620

>5 years
8,491 4,231
12,704

Group 2014-12-31 SEKm
M aturity structure, loans In te re st e x p e n s e s 1) Trade payables O ther liabilities Total

Within one year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years >5 years

11,363 582 74 297
12,316

1 ,1 0 7 576 -
1,683

4,270 570 -
4,841

600 564
1,164

600 558 -
1,158

4 ,4 3 8 2,701
7,139

Parent Company 2015-12-31 SEKm
M aturity structure, loans In te re st e x p e n s e s 1) Trade payables O ther liabilities Total

Within one year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years >5 years

3,733

5,246

600

241

240

239

4

-

-

187

-

-

4,165

5,485

839

600

433

238

237,

-

-

-

-

838

670

356 1,168
1,524

Parent Company 2014-12-31 SEKm

Within one year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years >5 years

M aturity structure, loans

4 ,2 0 8

500

In te re st e x p e n s e s 1)

203

203

Trade payables

5

-

O ther liabilities Total

145

-

4,561

703

1) Refers to in te re st exp en se s d u rin g th e period 0 -1 0 years.

1 ,1 4 6 202 -
1,348

600

600

201

200

-

-

-

-

801

800

789 983
1,772

Sensitivity analysis

Factor

Change

Earnings effect be-
fore tax, SEKm

Rental income Economic occupancy rate Interest-rate level of interest-bearing liabilities Property costs Changes in value of properties

+/- 1 % + / - 1 percen-
tage unit
+ 1 percentage unit
+/- 1 % +/ 5 %

+ / - 51 + / - 53
- 187 - / + 16 + / - 3,423

identifying and managing this exposure. The interest rate risk shall be managed using risk hedging instruments such as interest rate swaps, interest rate ceilings and interest rate floors. The overriding key ratio used is the interest coverage ratio. On each measurement date, the interest coverage ratio shall exceed 2.0 times. To manage the interest risk cost-effectively, an assessment of the interest rate risk is made when raising loans with short interest rate refixing periods based on the Group's overall loan portfolio. Interest rate derivative transactions are carried out as required to achieve the desired interest risk in the overall

Maturity structure derivatives

Nominal

amount,

Year

SEKm

Interest, %

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Total

571

3.15

610

2.04

3,953

3.62

650

1.53

822

2.04

4,485

2.53

457

2.18

1,011

1.39

274

0.74

1,820

1.39

1,000

2.69

15,653

borrowing. Balder has mainly used swaps and interest rate
ceilings to manage its interest rate risk, which matures between 2016 and 2026. Fluctuations in market interest rates give rise to theoretical surpluses or deficits in respect o f these financial instruments, which do not directly affect cash flow. Derivatives are continually recognised at fair value in the balance sheet and changes in value are recognised in the income statement. Derivatives are measured based on quoted prices in the market. The changes in value during 2015 amounted to SEK 227m (-624). The fair value of

F-192

Note2 f  Continued
financial instruments is based on measurements by the interm ediating credit institutions. The rea sonability of the measurements has been tested by engaging another credit institution to value sim ilar instrum ents at the end o f the reporting period, see sensitivity analysis above.
Currency risk Balder owns properties via subsidiaries in Denm ark and in Finland. External financing alw ays occurs in local currency, w hich means that the remaining currency risk corresponds to equity. At year-end, Balder had hedged the M ayority of its own equityl exposure via basis swaps, w hich means that the currency risk is relatively limited.
Price risk Balder's incom e is affected by the occupancy rate for its properties, the level o f market-rela ted rents and customers' payment capacity. A + / - 1 percentage point change in the rent level or the economic occupancy rate has an effect on profit before tax o f + / - SEK 51m and + /53m, respectively.
Credit risks
Trade receivables The risk that the Group's custom ers will not
fulfil their obligations, i.e. that paym ent will not be received for trade receivables, constitutes a custom er credit risk. The credit o f the Group's custom ers is assessed by obtaining inform ation about the customers' financial position from various credit rating agencies.
An estim ate o f the credit risk is made in conjunction with new leases and conversion of premises for existing customers. Bank guaran

tees, advance rental deposits or other security are required for custom ers with low creditw ort hiness or unsatisfactory credit histories.
Credit is monitored continually to follow developm ents in the creditworthiness of customers. Fin a n cia l operations Balder's financial operations give rise to credit risk exposure. The risk is m ainly counterparty risk in connection with receivables from banks and other counterparties that arise in the trading of derivative instruments. Balder's financial policy includes special counterparty rules which stipulate the maxim um credit exposure for different counterparties.
Borrowing, maturity structure and interest rates At year-end, Balder had binding loan agre ements with credit institutions totalling SEK 41,063m (22,378). Loans are raised in Swedish kronor, Danish krone and euro. At year-end, lo ans in Danish krone am ounted to DKK 1,881m and loans in euro am ounted to EUR 1,824m. The credit agreements mainly consist o f bila teral contracts with Nordic banks as well as a certificate program m e for SEK 3,827m (1,500). On 31 December, the outstanding certificate volum e w as SEK 2,680m (675). Net interest-be aring liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and financial investm ents o f SEK 1,025m (456) amounted to SEK 40,038 m (21,922).
A g re em en ts can be d ivid ed in to fiv e ca tegories:  loans against security pledged in the form of
promissory note receivables from subsidiaries. The security has been augm ented by collateral in the shares o f subsidiaries/lim ited-partnership shares,

 loans against pledging o f m ortgage deeds on property,
톍ertificate programme,  bond loan
Interest-bearing liabilities for the most part are formally current but are non-current in character, as they are continually extended. One year of agreed amortisation is recognised as current interest-bearing liabilities.
In certain cases, the security is augmented by guarantees relating to interest coverage ratios, equity/assets ratios and loan-to-value ratios. Balder satisfied all o f its guarantees at year-end. Credit agreements contain customary termina tion conditions.
The average fixed credit term in loan agreem ents amounted to 4.4 years (4.3) on 31 December 2015. The maturity structure o f loan agreements, presented in the table showing the loan terms, indicates when loan agreements are due for renegotiation or repayment. The average effective interest on the closing date amounted to 2.2 per cent (2.6) including the effect o f accrued interest from Balder's interest rate derivatives. The average interest rate refixing period on the same date was 2.9 years (2.3). The proportion o f loans with interest dates during the coming 3-year period amounted to 64 per cent (65).
The fair value of financial liabilities, which are not derivative instruments has been estimated by discounting the future cash flow using the current market rate of interest at the end o f the reporting period. The discount rate used in the estim ation of fair value is in the range 1.5 and 3.8 per cent.

Interest rate refixing period

Carrying am ount, SEKm

Interest, %

Year

2015

2014

2015

W ithin one year 1-2 yea rs 2-3 years 3 -4 years 4 -5 years >5 years Total

21,512

13,960

1.1

304

500

3.3

4,470

-

4.5

1,631

3,000

3.1

4,012

-

2.6

9,134

4,918

3.2

41,063

22,378

2.2

Carrying amount and fair value of financial instruments

Trade and loan receivables

Financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 4)

Group, SEKm

2015

2014

2015

2014

2014
1.8 4.3
4.7
3.6 2.6

Share, %
2015
52 1
11 4
10 22 100

2014
62 2 -
13 22 100

Fair value, SEK m 3)

2015

2014

21,522 304
4,507 1,689 4,068 9,143 41,234

13,960 500 -
3,000 -
4,918 22,378

Other liabilities 2015 2014

Total carrying amount

2015

2014

Total fair value 2015 2014

Trade receivables O ther long-term trade receivables 3) Cash and cash equivalents Financial investm ents 1) Total receivables

130

19

-

-

-

-

130

19

130

19

1,173

616

-

-

-

-

1,173

616 1,173

616

620

199

-

-

-

-

620

199

620

199

-

-

405

257

-

-

405

257

405

257

1,923

834

405

257

-

-

2,328

1,091 2,328 1,091

Non-current interest-bearing liabilities 3)

-

O ther long-term liabilities 3)

-

Credit facilities

-

Derivatives 25)

-

Current interest-bearing liabilities 3)

-

Trade payables

-

Total liabilities

-

-

-

-

39,095 22,157

39,095 22,157 39,266 22,157

-

-

-

331

-

331

-

331

-

-

-

-

36

-

36

-

36

-

-

1,294

1,086

-

-

1,294

1,086 1,294 1,086

-

-

-

1,933

221

1,933

221 1,933

221

-

-

-

179

74

179

74

179

74

-

1,294 1,086 41,573 22,452 42,867 23,538 43,038 23,538

F-193

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 88

Note 21  Continued
Parent Company, SEKm Receivables from group com panies 3) O ther long-term trade receivables 3) Cash and cash equivalents Financial investments 1 Total receivables

Trade and loan receivables

2015

2014

Financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 4)

2015

2014

21,676 1,036 4 -
22,715

15,777 616 165 -
16,558

-

-

-

-

-

-

390

257

390

257

Other liabilities 2015 2014

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total carrying amount

2015

2014

21,676 1,036 4 390
23,106

15,777 616 165 257
16,815

Total fair value 2015 2014

21,676 1,036 4 390
23,106

15,777 616 165 257
16,815

Non-current liabilities to credit

institutions 3)

-

O ther long-term liabilities 3)

-

Credit facilities

-

Derivatives 25)

-

Liabilities to group com panies 3)

-

Current liabilities to credit institutions 3)

-

Trade payables

-

Total liabilities

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

737

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

737

-

10,887

7,806

-

126

-

-

36

-

936

-

-

-

4,507 3,952

-

45

37

-

4

5

936 15,604 11,801

10,887
126 36
737 4,507
45 4
16,341

7,806 10,887 7,806

936 3,952 37 5 12,736

126 36
737 4,507
45 4
16,341

936 3,952 37 5 12,736

1) Level 1 - m easured a t fa ir va lu e s o btained fro m quo ted m a rke t p rices in active m arke ts for iden tical assets. 2) Level 2 - m easured at fair valu es obtained from inp u ts other th an quoted m arket prices included w ith in Level 1 th a t are observable for the asse ts and liabilities. 3) Level 3 - m easured a t fa ir va lu es o btained from info rm atio n and data for th e asse ts and liab ilities w h ich is n ot based on observable m arket inputs. 4) Financial asse ts/liab ilities held fo r trad ing. 5 ) D eriva tive in stru m e n ts have been re co gnise d n et a s a lia b ility. Th is lia b ility in clu d e s p o sitive s v a lu e s in G ro u p o f 20 SE K m (-) in P aren t C o m p a n y o f 10 SE K m (-).

Note22  C re d itfa c ilitie s
SEKm Granted credit facility Utilised portion Unutilised portion

Note 23  A c c r u e d e x p e n s e s a n d d e fe rre d in c o m e

G ro u p

2015 2014

350 350

-36

-

314 350

Parent Com pany
2015 2014

300 300

-36

-

264 300

SEKm
Personnel expenses Interest expenses Prepaid rents Property costs Other items Total

G ro u p
2015 2014

63

22

166

70

392

361

186

69

38

17

845

538

Parent C om pany
2015 2014

8

7

35

34

-

-

-

-

3

2

47

44

Note24  P le d g e d a sse ts a n d c o n t in g e n t lia b ilitie s
Pledged assets SEKm Real estate m ortgages Shares in group com panies Promissory notes Total
Contingent liabilities SEKm Guarantees for subsidiaries Guarantees for associated companies Other guarantees Total

G ro u p
2015 31,945 13,377
45,322
G ro u p
2015 -
1,596 321
1,916

2014 22,358
2,255 -
24,613
2014 -
1,486 -
1,486

Parent C om pany
2015 -
6,819 6,819

2014 -
5,898 5,898

Parent C om pany

2015

2014

13,986

13,542

1,596

1,486

-

-

15,582

15,028

89 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-194

Note 2 5  Cashflow statement
Cash and cash equivalents SEKm The follow in g sub-com ponents are included in cash and cash equivalents: Cash and bank balances Total according to the balance sheet Total according to the cash flow statement

G ro u p
2015

2014

620

199

620

199

620

199

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

4

165

4

165

4

165

Interest and derivative expenses paid SEKm Interest received Interest paid Derivative expense paid Total
In tra-gro u p interest incom e and interest e xp en se s for 2015 and 2 01 4 did n ot a ffe ct th e cash flow .

G ro u p
2015 32
-330 -288 -586

2014 27
-419 -198 -591

Parent Com pany

2015

2014

18

16

-92

-147

-242

-161

-315

-292

Note 26  P a rtic ip a tio n s in g ro u p c o m p a n ie s

Specification of the Parent Company's direct holdings of participations in subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Corporate identity number

Registered office

Number of shares

Share, %

Carrying am ount
2015

Balder Storstad AB

556676-4378

Gothenburg

1,172,306

100

1,046

Balder Mellanstad AB

556514-4291

Gothenburg

1,938,000

100

150

Din Bostad Sverige AB

556541-1898

Gothenburg

18,500,000

100

626

Egby Vindkraftverk AB

556760-5919

Gothenburg

1,000

100

0

Balder Danmark ApS

34058016

Copenhagen

80,000

100

0

Total

1,822

T h e Balder G ro u p o w n s 1 0 0 per ce n t in 2 63 c o m p a n ie s (238) via th e abo ve -m e n tio n e d su b sid ia rie s, a s p resented in each su b sid ia ry's a n n u al acco u nts.

2014
1,046 150 626 0 0
1,822

Parent Company, SEKm Accumulated cost Opening balance Change for the year Closing balance

2015
1,822 -
1,822

2014
1,822 -
1,822

Note 27  R e c e iv a b le s f r o m / lia b ilit ie s to G ro u p c o m p a n ie s
Parent Company, SEKm Opening balance Change in lending to subsidiaries Closing balance
There is no fixe d am o rtisatio n p la n .

R e c e iv a b le s

2015

2014

15,777 5,900
21,676

11,506 4,271
15,777

Note 28  S ig n ific a n t e v e n ts a ft e r th e e n d o f th e f in a n c ia l y e a r

Fastighets AB Balder's cooperation with the Third Swedish National Pension Fund was conditional upon approval from the Swedish Competition Authority. This approval was given and the deal was completed. After the end o f the financial year, Balder also acquired

49 per cent o f Sjaelso M anagem ent Aps in Denmark. Sjaelso Managem ent is one of the largest players within project development and construction m anagem ent in Denm ark. In January, all properties in Skara and Toreboda were divested as well as the property Miklaholt 2 in Stockholm.

Lia bilities
2015

2014

3,952 555
4,507

2,782 1,170 3,952

F-195

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 90

Note29  Related parties
Related parties
G ro u p The Group is under the control o f Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which holds 49.5 per cent (51.3) o f the votes in the parent com pany Fastighets AB Balder. The parent com pany in the largest group o f which Balder is part is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB.
Parent Com pany Apart from the related parties shown for the Group, the parent company exercises contol over subsidiaries according to Note 26, Partici pations in group com panies.
Summary of related party transactions
G ro u p Erik Selin Fastigheter AB purchased proper ty-related administrative services from Balder

for SEK 2m (2). The services were priced based on market-related terms.
Parent Com pany The parent company performed property-re lated adm inistrative services on behalf of its subsidiaries am ounting to SEK 117m (98). The parent company functions as an internal bank. On the closing date, receivables from subsi diaries amounted to SEK 21,676m (15,777). The price o f the adm inistrative and financial services is based on market-related terms.
A ssocia ted com panies Apart from the relative parties described above, the Balder Group owns associated com panies according to Note 15, Participations in associated com panies.
During the financial year, the associated companies have purchased management and

Note 30  C ritic a l e s tim a te s a n d ju d g e m e n ts

The company management and the Board have discussed the development, the choice of and the disclosures in respect o f the Group's key accounting policies and estimates, as well as their application.
Investment properties For im portant assum ptions and estim ates in connection with valuation o f investm ent pro perties see Note 13, Investm ent properties.
Balder reports its properties according to the fair value method which m eans that changes in value are recognised in the income statem ent. Thus the results can be affected significantly.
Balder performs an internal valuation of the properties in connection with each quarterly report. In order to quality-assure its internal valuations, Balder regularly allows parts of the portfolio to be externally valued during the year.
Note 32  B u sin e ss c o m b in a tio n

Taxes Balder has loss carry-forwards at its disposal, w hich it is estim ated can be utilised against future profits, under current ta x rules.
However, Balder cannot provide any gua rantees that current or new tax rules will not restrict the possibilities o f utilising the loss carry-forwards.
Classification of acquisitions The accounting standard IFRS 3 contains a rule that acquisitions m ust be classified as business combinations or asset acquisitions, which means that an individual assessment must be made o f each particular transaction. The assessments of acquisitions made during the year resulted in all transactions being classified as asset acquisitions, w ith the exception of the acquisition o f Sato Oyj, w hich is classified as a business combination.

Information about purchase price and acquired net assets is presented below:
SEKm
Purchase price Cash and cash equivalents Ordinary shares issued, after issue expenses Total purchase price paid for 22.9 per cent of the outstanding shares in Sato Fair value of the participations acquired in Q2 and Q3 (30.4 per cent) (before the business com bination resulting in control) 1*) Purchase price

444 1,705 2,149
2,855 5,004

1) T h e re m e a su re m e n t e ffe c t a m o u n te d to S E K 9 m an d is re co gn ise d in in th e line N o n -re cu rrin g ite m s in th e co n so  lidated state m en t o f com prehensive incom e.

administrative services for their organisations from Balder am ounting to SEK 27m (23). In addition to this, services were purchased from Collector AB (publ). Net receivables from associated companies amounted to SEK 910 m (616) on the closing date. The price o f the adm inistrative and financial services is based on market-related terms.
Transactions with key people in executive positions The com pany's Board m embers and com panies owned by these members control 65.3 per cent (66.9) o f the votes in Balder. W ith regard to the Board, CEO and other employees' salaries and other remuneration, expenses and agreements relating to pensions and similar benefits as well as agreem ents in respect o f term ination benefits, see Note 4, Employees and personnel expenses.
Note 31 P a re n t C o m p a n y in fo r m a tio n
Fastighets AB Balder (publ) is a Swedish-re gistered limited liability company with its registered office in Gothenburg. The parent com pany's shares are listed on Nasdaq Stock holm, Large Cap segm ent. The address of the head office is Box 53121, 400 15 Gothenburg, Sweden. The visitin g address is V asagatan 54.
The consolidated accounts for 2015 include the parent company and its subsidiaries, together referred to as the Group.
On 1 April 2015, Balder carried out its first acquisition o f shares in Sato Oyj equivalent to about 21 per cent of the outstanding shares and voting rights. Balder subsequently acqui red additional shares and the total holding o f shares and voting rights in Sato am ounted to 30.4 per cent before the acquisition of a controlling influence. On 30 Decem ber 2015, Balder took possession of a further 22.9 per cent of the outstanding shares, and after that Balder's ownership in Sato am ounted to 53.3 per cent. As control was obtained; Sato was consolidated in the Group's balance sheet as o f 31 Decem ber 2015. Sato is one o f Finland's largest residential property companies with high-quality properties in excellent locations that complement Balder's existing operations and property portfolio. The number of employ ees in Sato am ounted to 170 people on 31 December, of which 110 were women.

91 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-196

Note 32  C o n tin u e d

The assets and liabilities recognised as a consequence of the acquisition were as follows: SEKm

Assets and liabilities in Sato 11 Investment properties Other property, plant and equipment Current receivables Cash and cash equivalents and financial investments Deferred tax liability Interest-bearing liabilities Derivatives Other liabilities Acquired identifiable net assets Non-controlling interests Acquired net assets

26,477 37
236 569 -1,691 -15,312 -435 -499 9,382 -4,377 5,004

1) C a rry in g a m o u n t in th e G roup, 31 D ecem b er 2015.

Cash flow to acquire subsidiary, after addition of acquired cash and cash equivalents:

SEKm

Cash purchase price Ordinary shares issued, after issue costs

-3,068 -1,705

Total cash flow to acquire subsidiary Less: Acquired balances Acquired cash and cash equivalents Total acquired cash and cash equivalents Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents, investing activities

-4,773
554 554 -4,219

Choice of accounting policy for non controlling interests The Group recognises non-controlling interests in an acquired entity, either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. This choice o f policy is made for every individu

al business combination. For non-controlling interests in Sato, the Group has chosen to reco gnise non-controlling interests at the fair value of the acquired identifiable net assets.

The fair value of the 10,000,000 ordinary shares issued as part of the purchase price for Sato w as based on an issue price o f SEK 172 per share. Transaction costs o f SEK 15.2 m, which are directly related to the share issue were recognised as a deduction from equity.
Revenue and profit in acquired operations If the acquisition had been carried out on 1 January 2015, the consolidated pro-forma financial statem ents as o f 31 Decem ber 2015 would show rental income of SEK 5,044m and net profit for the year o f SEK 5,873m. These am ounts were calculated using the subsidiary's results while adjusting for any differences in accounting policies between the Group and the subsidiary. Acquisition-related costs Acquisition-related costs of SEK 94 m (of which Finnish stam p du ty SEK 83 m), that were not di rectly related to the new issue, are included in the line Non-recurring item s in the consolida ted statem ent o f com prehensive incom e and in operating activities in the cash flo w statem ent.

Note 33  O th e r

in c o m e /e xpenses

The item Other income/expenses includes SEK 9 m related to the business combination of Sato

Oyj, for more inform ation See Note 32 relating to Business combinations.

The annual accounts and the consolidated financial statem ents were approved for publi cation by the Board o f Directors and CEO on 6 April 2016. The consolidated income statement and balance sheet and the parent company incom e statem ent and balance sheet will be subject to adoption by the Annual General Me eting on 10 May 2016. The Board will propose to the AGM that no dividend (-) be declared for ordinary shares and that a dividend of SEK 20.00 per share (20.00) be declared for prefe

rence shares for the financial year 2015. The annual accounts have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Sweden and the consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance with the international accounting standards IFRS referred to in the European Parliament's and Council's regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 from 19 July 2002 on application of the international accounting standards. The annual accounts and consolidated financial
Gothenburg, 6 April 2016

statements provde a true and fair view of the parent company's and Group's financial posi tion and results o f operations. The Report of the Board of Directors for the Group and the parent company provides a true and fair review of the development of the Group's and the parent company's operations, financial position and re sults o f operations and describes material risks and uncertainties facing the parent company and the companies form ing the Group.

Christina Rogestam
C hairm an o f th e Board

Sten Dunr
Board m em ber

Fredrik Svensson
Board m em ber

Anders Wennergren
Board m em ber

Erik Selin
Board m em ber and CEO

Our audit report w as submitted on 6 April 2016 Ohrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB

Heln Olsson Svrdstrm
A u th o rised P u blic A cco u n ta n t
F-197

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 92

A uditReport

To the Annual General Meeting of Fastighets AB Balder (publ). corporate identity number 556525-6905
Report on the annual accounts and consolida ted financial statements We have audited the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements of Fastig hets AB Balder (publ) for 2015. The company's annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents are included in the printed version of this document on pages 59-92.
The B o a rd o f D irectors a n d the M an aging D ire cto r are resp on sib le f o r th e a n n u a l accou n ts a n d consolidatedfin a n c ia l statem ents The Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents in accor dance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU, and the Annual Accounts Act, and for such internal control as the Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director determine is necessary to enable the preparation of annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
A u d it o r 's r e s p o n s ib ilit y O ur responsibility is to express an opinion on these annual accounts and consolidated finan cial statem ents based on our audit. We condu cted our audit in accordance w ith International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted au diting standards in Sweden. Those standards require that we adhere to professional ethics and that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance that the annual accounts and the consolidated financial state m ents are free from material m isstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements. The auditor determ ines which actions to perform, in part by assessing the risk o f material m isstatem ent in the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements, whether resulting from fraud or er

ror. In m aking those risk assessm ents, the audi tor considers internal control relevant to the company's preparation and fair presentation of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statem ents in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circum stances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estim ates made by the Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provi de a basis for our opinions.
O pinions In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accordance w ith the Annual Accounts A ct and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the parent company as of 31 December 2015 and of its fi nancial performance and its cash flow s for the year in accordance w ith the Annual Accounts Act. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance w ith the Annual Accounts A ct and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the group as o f 31 Decem ber 2015 and o f its financial perform ance and cash flow s in accor dance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU, and the Annual Accounts Act. The statutory adminis tration report and the corporate governance report are consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statem en ts.
We therefore recommend that the annual meeting of shareholders adopt the income statement and balance sheet for the parent company and the group.
Report on other legal and regulatory requi rements In addition to our audit o f the annual accounts and consolidated accounts, we have examined the proposed allocation of the company's

profit or loss and the administration of the Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director of Fastighets AB Balder (publ) for the year 2015.
Responsibilities o f th e B oard o f D irecto rs a n d the M an a gin g D irecto r The Board o f Directors is responsible for the proposal for appropriations of the company's profit or loss, and the Board o f Directors and the M anaging Director are responsible for administration under the Companies Act.
A u d it o r 's r e s p o n s ib ilit y Our responsibility is to express an opinion with reasonable assurance on the proposed appro priations o f the com pany's profit or loss and on the administration based on our audit. We con ducted the audit in accordance w ith generally accepted au diting standards in Sweden.
As a basis for our opinion on the Board of Directors' proposed appropriations of the com pany's profit or loss, we exam ined the Board o f Directors' explanatory statem ent and a selection o f supporting evidence in order to be able to assess w hether the proposal is in accordance with the Companies Act.
As a basis for our opinion concerning discharge from liability, in addition to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated financial statements, we examined significant decisions, actions taken and circumstances of the com pany in order to determine whether any m ember o f the Board o f Directors or the M anaging Director is liable to the company. We also examined whether any member of the Board o f Directors or the M anaging Director has, in any other way, acted in contravention of the Companies Act, the Annual Accounts Act or the Articles of Association.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provi de a basis for our opinions.
O pinions We recommend that the Annual General M eeting allocate the earnings in accordance w ith the proposal in the Report o f the Board of Directors and discharge the members o f the Board and the M anaging Director from liability for the financial year.

Gothenburg, 6 April 2016 hrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB
Heln Olsson Svrdstrm
A u th o rised Pu blic A cco u n ta n t

93 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-198

orpjor/m governance
Corporate governance in Swedish listed companies is governed by a combination of written rules and practice, by which the owners directly and indirectly control the company. The rules and regulations have been developed through legislation, recommendations, the Swedish Code o f Corporate Governance and through self-re gulation. The Code is based on the principle comply or explain, which means that all rules need not always be complied with if there is a reason and it is explained.

Some of the Code's principles are to cre ate a good basis for exercise of an active and responsible ownership role and to create a well-adjusted balance of power between owners, the Board and the exe cutive management, which Balder views as a natural element of the principles for the operations. The Code also means that certain information should be made available on the company's website. The Swedish Code of Corporate Governance is administered by the Swedish Corpo rate Governance Board and is available on www.bolagsstyrning.se where the Swedish model for corporate governance is also described. Balder applies the Code, which is intended to serve as part of the self-regulation within the Swedish busi ness community.
Articles of Association The company's name is Fastighets AB Balder and the company is a public com pany (publ). The registered office of the company is in Gothenburg.
The company's objects shall be directly or indirectly, through wholly-owned or part-owned companies, to acquire, ma nage, own and divest real property and securities and carry on other activities connected therewith.
The articles of association, which are available on Balder's website, among other things, contain information regar ding share capital, number of shares, class of shares and preferential rights, number of Board members and auditors as well as provisions regarding notice and agenda for the annual general meeting.
Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is the company's highest decision-making body in which the shareholders exercise their rights to decide on the affairs of the com pany. The Board and auditors of the com

pany are elected by the AGM according to the proposal of the nomination com mittee. The AGM also passes resolutions regarding amendments of the articles of association and regarding change in the share capital. To participate in passing resolutions, the shareholder must be present at the meeting, either personally or by proxy. In addition, the shareholder must be registered in the share register on a certain date prior to the meeting and notification of participation must be given to the company within a certain de termined period. Shareholders who wish to have a special matter dealt with at the AGM can normally request this if the request is made in good time to Balder's Board of Directors prior to the meeting.
Resolutions at general meetings of shareholders are normally passed by simple majority. In certain questions, the Swedish Companies Act prescribes that proposals must be approved by a larger proportion of the shares represented and cast at the meeting.
Annual General Meeting 2015 At the AGM on 6 May 2015 in the Radisson BLU Scandinavia Hotel in Gothen burg, 239 shareholders were represented, holding 75 per cent of the total number of votes. All Board members and the company's auditor were present at the general meeting. The AGM adopted the financial statements for 2014 and di scharged the Board and CEO from liability for the financial year 2014.
Thefollowng resolutions were passed by the AGM on 6 May 2015;  not to declare any dividend to ordinary shareholders and to declare a quarterly dividend to preference shareholders of SEK 5 per share, however, a maximum of SEK 20, 톞he Board shall, during the period until

the next AGM has been held, be compo sed of five ordinary members without deputies,  directors' fees of a fixed amount of SEK 460,000 should be paid to the Board, of which SEK 160,000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 100,000 to the other Board members who are not permanent ly employed by the company. The amount includes remuneration for committee work,  Re-election of the Board members Christina Rogestam, Erik Selin, Fredrik Svensson, Sten Duner and Anders Wennergren. All members are elected until the AGM 2016. Christina Rogestam was re-elected as Chairman of the Board.  approval of the Board's proposed guidelines for remuneration to senior executives,  mandate for the Board to decide on new issue of not more than 5,000,000 preference shares and/or shares of Class B corresponding to not more than 10 per cent of the existing share capital. The new issue shall be used by the company for payment of acquisitions of properties or acquisition of shares or participations in legal entities that own property or in order to capitalise the company ahead of such acquisitions or to capitalise the company in other respects.  mandate for the Board to decide on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares for the purpose of adjusting the company's capital structure and for transferring own shares as payment or for financing of property investments. Minutes taken at the AGM on 6 May 2015 are available on the company's website. The AGM will take place on 10 May 2016 at 4 p.m. at Elite Park Avenue Hotel, Kungsportsavenyn 36-38 in Gothen burg. Information concerning the AGM is published on www.balder.se.

F-199

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 94

The share and owners The Balder share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap. At year-end, the number of shareholders amounted to 17,155. Balder carried out a directed new issue of 10 million ordinary shares in December, which brought in SEK 1,705 million after issue costs. For existing ordinary shareholders, the issue implies a dilutive effect of 6 per cent of the capital. Balder's share capital after the new issue and on 31 December 2015 amounted to SEK 182,396,852 distributed among 182,396,852 shares. Each share has a quo ta value of SEK 1.00, whereof 11,229,432 shares are of Class A, 161,167,420 of Class B and 10,00,000 preference shares. Each Class A share carries one vote, and each Class B share and preference share carries one tenth of one vote. Each shareholder at the general meeting is entitled to vote for the number of shares held and represented by him/her. Further informa tion regarding shares and share capital is found on pages 13-15, The share and owners.
Board of Directors The Board of Directors is elected by the AGM and according to the articles of association shall consist of at least three and at most seven members. The members are elected at the AGM for the period until the end of the first AGM that is held after the members were elected. During 2015, the Board was composed of five members and is responsible for the company's organisation and administra tion (more information about the compa ny's Board is available on www.balder.se. The Board works according to an establis hed formal work plan with instructions concerning division of responsibilities between the Board and the CEO.
New Board members receive an introduction to the company and its operations and participate in the stock exchange's training according to the stock exchange agreement. The Board subsequently receives continual informa tion, including about regulatory changes and such issues concerning the opera tions and the Board's responsibility in a listed company.
The rules of the Swedish Companies Act apply to resolutions in the Board, to the effect that more than half of the members present and more than one third of the total number of members must vote for resolutions. The Chairman has the casting vote in the event of the

same number of votes. The Board work is governed by the
Swedish Companies Act, the articles of association, the Code and the formal work plan that the Board has adopted for its work.
Balder's Board of Directors is composed of persons who possess broad experience and competence from the real estate sector, business development and finan cing. Most of the Board members have experience of board work from other listed companies.
Both of the major owners Erik Selin Fastigheter AB and Arvid Svensson Invest AB are represented on the Board through Erik Selin and Fredrik Svensson.
Balder's authorised signatories, apart from the Board, are any two jointly of Chairman Christina Rogestam, CEO Erik Selin and CFO Magnus Bjorndahl.
The Board's duties and responsibilities The Board's overriding duty is to manage the affairs of the company on behalf of the owners so that the owners' interest in a good long-term return on capital is satisfied in the best possible way. The Board has responsibility for ensuring that the company's organisation is app ropriate and that the operations are con ducted in accordance with the articles of association, the Companies Act and other applicable laws and regulations and the formal work plan of the Board. The Board shall perform the Board work collectively under the leadership of the Chairman. The Board shall also ensure that the CEO fulfils his duties in accordance with the Board's guidelines and directions. These are found in the instructions to the CEO drawn up by the Board. The Board mem bers shall not be responsible for different lines of business or functions. Compensa tion and remuneration questions for the CEO are prepared by the Chairman and presented to the rest of the Board prior to decision. The Board's duties include, but are not limited to the following: 톏stablishing business plans, strategies, significant policies and goals for the com pany and the Group that the company is parent company of 톎etermining the company's and Group's overall organisation, 톍hoosing and dismissing the CEO, 톏nsuring that there is a functioning reporting system, 톏nsuring that there is satisfactory con trol of the company's and Group's com

pliance with laws and other regulations that apply to the operations, 톋pproving a new formal work plan and instruction to the CEO annually, 톋pproving financial reporting in the form of interim reports, year-end reports and annual accounts that that company shall publish, 톏nsuring that the company has a functioning approvals list and approvals process. 톋pproving necessary guidelines for the company's conduct in society with the aim of ensuring long-term value creation and a sustainability perspective, 톏nsuring that the company has an app ropriate system for follow up and control of the risks associated with the company and its operations.
Chairman of the Board It is the duty of the Chairman to ensure that the Board's work is conducted effec tively and that the Board fulfils its duties. The duties of the Chairman include, but are not limited to the following: 톙rganising and leading the Board's work and creating the best possible basis for the Board's work, 톏nsuring that the Board's work occurs in accordance with the provisions of the articles of association, the Companies Act and the formal work plan of the Board,  monitoring that the Board's decisions are executed effectively,  continually monitoring the company's development through contact with the CEO and acting as a discussion partner, 톏nsuring that the Board members, through the agency of the CEO, receive sufficient information and decision data for their work,  making sure that each new Board mem ber is given a proper introduction upon joining the Board.
Theformal work plan ofthe Board ofDirectors The Board adopts a formal work plan for the board work each year. This formal work plan describes the duties of the Board and the division of responsibilities between the Board and the CEO. The formal work plan also describes what matters shall be dealt with at each board meeting and instruc tions regarding the financial reporting to the Board. The formal work plan also pres cribes that the Board shall have an audit committee and a remuneration commit tee. The Chairman of the Board shall serve as the chairman of the committees.

95 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-200

Board meetings The Board shall, in addition to the stat utory meeting, hold Board meetings on at least four occasions annually. The CEO and/or CFO shall as a general rule present a report to the Board. The company's employees, auditor or other external consultants shall be called in to board meetings in order to participate and report on matters as required.
The Board constitutes a quorum when more than half of the Board members are present. The Chairman has the casting vote in the event of the same number of votes
The Board of Directors' work Balders' Board held nine board meetings during 2015 of which one was the statuto ry meeting. Under the current formal work plan, the Board shall hold at least five ordinary Board meetings, including the statutory meeting, per calendar year. The Board meetings are held in connection with the company's reporting. Matters of significant importance to the company are dealt with at each ordinary board meeting such as acquisition and divestment of properties, investments in existing proper ties and financing questions. In addition, the Board is informed about the current business situation in the rental, property and credit markets. Among the regular matters dealt with by the Board in 2015, included acquisition strategies, capital structure and financing position, common corporate policies and formal work plan for the Board. At the extraordinary Board meetings, decisions were taken about the new issue and acquisition of shares in Sato Oyj, among other things.
Evaluation of the Board's work The Board conducted an evaluation of its work during the year. The intention of the evaluation is to further improve the Board's working methods and efficiency, and to clarify the main direction of the Board's future work. The evaluation also serves as a tool for ensuring the right competen cies and knowledge in the Board. During the completion of the annual evaluation, Board members were asked, based on their own perspective, to discuss various areas relating to the Board's work with other Board members. These conclusions have been documented in a report. The areas discussed and evaluated in 2015, related to the Board's composition, competencies, ef ficiency and focus areas going forward. The areas covered by the Board evaluation may

Board members, meetings and attendance

Attendance at meetings

Name

Elected independent1'

Board meetings

Audit Remunertioncommittee committee

Christina Rogestam

2006

Yes

9/9

1/1

1/1

Erik Selin

2005

No

9/9

-

-

Fredrik Svensson

2005

No

9/9

1/1

1/1

Sten Dunr

2007

Yes

8/9

1/1

1/1

Anders Wennergren

2009

Yes

9/9

1/1

1/1

1) Independence is based both on ind e pe n de nt o f th e com pany, corporate m an age m e n t as on th e m ajor sh are h o l ders (>10 %).

vary from one year to another to reflect the development of the Board's work.
Remuneration Committee The remuneration committee has a preparatory function in relation to the Board in questions regarding principles for remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and other senior executives. The remuneration committee shall monitor and evaluate the applica tion of the guidelines for remuneration and levels of compensation to senior executives that the AGM has determined and shall also draw up proposals for new guidelines for principles of remuneration and other terms of employment. Before the resolution of the AGM, the Board shall propose principles for remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and other senior executives. Based on the resolution of the AGM, it is the duty of the remuneration committee to decide on remuneration to the CEO and other officers. The remuneration com mittee is composed of all independent Board members and should meet at least once every year. For further information see Note 4, Employees and personnel expenses.
Audit Committee The audit committee shall be respon sible for preparing the Board's work by quality-assuring the company's financial reporting, assisting the nomination com mittee in drawing up proposals for audito rs and their fees and ensuring a qualified independent audit of the company. The audit committee shall meet the compa ny's auditor at least once per calendar year. During 2015, the audit committee, which was composed of all independent Board members, met the company's audi tor on one occasion and received a report on the performed audit.
Disqualification Board members or the CEO may not deal with issues concerning agreements

between themselves and the company or Group. Nor may they deal with issues regarding agreements between the company and a third party, if they have a material interest that can conflict with that of the company. Lawsuits or other actions are on a par with the agreements referred to above. Where applicable, it is incumbent on the Board member or CEO to disclose if a disqualification situation would arise.
Nomination Committee The AGM resolves on the procedure for election of the Board, and when appli cable, auditors. The AGM 2015 resolved that a nomination committee should be established before the 2016 AGM in order to submit proposals on the number of Bo ard members, election of Board members including the Chairman of the Board and remuneration for Board members as well as for auditors.
The nomination committee's propo sals shall be announced no later than in conjunction with the notice convening the AGM. All shareholders are given the opportunity to submit nomination propo sals to the nomination committee.
The AGM 2015 adopted the nomi nation committee's proposal that the nomination committee should be compo sed of one representative for each of the two largest shareholders or ownership spheres in addition to Lars Rasin, who represents the other shareholders. The chairman of the nomination committee shall be Lars Rasin. The names of the other two members and the owners they represent shall be announced not later than six months before the AGM. The nomination committee's term of office extends until a new nomination com mittee has been appointed. If Lars Rasin resigns as chairman of the nomination committee, the company's Chairman shall appoint a new chairman of the nomination committee until the next general meeting of the company.
The nomination committee ahead of

F-201

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 96

the AGM 2016 is composed of Christian Hahne, representing Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, Rikard Svensson, representing Arvid Svensson Invest AB, and chairman Lars Rasin.
The nomination committee has decided to propose the re-election of the current Board members Christina Rogestam, Fredrik Svensson, Sten Dunr, Anders Wennergren and Erik Selin. It is proposed to re-elect Christina Rogestam as Chairman of the Board.
CEO and Management The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day administration pursuant to the guidelines and policies determined by the Board. The CEO shall report on Balder's develop ment to the Board and prepare the order of business at Board meetings according to an approved agenda. The CEO shall ensure that the required material is compiled and distributed to the Board members prior to board meetings.
The Management normally meets once every month with a standing agenda, including property transactions, finance and overall management issues. The Group Management consists of six per sons and includes resources such as the CEO, accounting, finance, management, property transactions and personnel. More information about the company's CEO and Management is found on page 100.
Audit The company's annual accounts and the administration of the CEO and Board are reviewed by the company's auditor who submits an audit report for the financial year to the AGM.
The auditor reports to the Board on her audit plan for the year and her views on the accounts and annual accounts.
hrlings PriceWaterhouseCoopers AB was elected at the AGM on 7 May 2013 as auditor for a period of four years until the AGM 2017. The auditor in charge is Heln Olsson Svrdstrm.
Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2016 Ahead of the ACM on 10 May 2016, the Board of Directors proposes: 톞hat no share dividend shall be declared to the ordinary shareholders, 텮 quarterly dividend of SEK 5 per share
shall be declared to the preference

shareholders, however, a maximum of SEK 20, 톑uidelines for remuneration of senior executives, 톋 renewed mandate for the Board until the next AGM, to repurchase and transfer B shares in Balder equivalent to not more than 10 per cent of all shares in the company, 톋 renewed mandate for the Board until the next AGM, on one or more occasions, to resolve on new issue of preference shares and/or ordinary shares of Class B equivalent to not more than 10 per cent of the existing share capital. It shall be possible to subscribe for the shares in cash, in kind or through right of set-off.
Ahead of the ACM on 10 May 2016, the Nomination Committee proposes:  re-election of the current Board mem
bers Christina Rogestam, Fredrik Svens son, Sten Duner, Anders Wennergren and Erik Selin. It is proposed to re-elect Christina Rogestam as Chairman of the Board,  it is proposed to pay directors' fees of SEK 160,000 to the Chairman of the Bo ard and SEK 100,000 to the other Board members who are not permanently employed by the company. Amounts include remuneration for committee work, 톞hat the general meeting resolves that the nomination committee shall be composed of one representative for each of the two largest shareholders or ownership spheres in addition to Lars Rasin, who represents the other shareholders. The chairman of the no mination committee shall be Lars Rasin. The names of the other two members and the owners they represent shall be announced not later than six months before the AGM. The nomination com mittee's term of office extends until a new nomination committee has been appointed.
Information to the stock market Balder issues interim reports for the operations three times per year; on 31 March, on 30 June and on 30 September. In addition to this, Balder's reports its full-year accounts on 31 December in its year-end report and publishes its annual accounts in good time before the AGM.
The annual accounts for 2015 are now

available for distribution and on Balder's website. All documents as well as press releases and presentations in connection with reports are available on www.balder. se.
Internal control over financial reporting The Board is responsible for the internal control under the Swedish Companies Act and under the Code. This account has been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the Code and is thus limited to internal control over financial reporting. Financial reporting refers to interim reports, yearend reports and annual accounts. This report does not constitute a part of the formal annual accounts.
Balder's internal control follows an established framework, Internal Control - Integrated Framework, which consists of five components. The components are control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and com munication as well as monitoring.
Control environment The control environment constitutes the basis for the internal control over financi al reporting. A good control environment is built on clearly defined and communi cated decision-making procedures and guidelines between different levels of the organisation, which together with the corporate culture and shared values establish the basis for managing Balder in a professional manner. Balder's internal control is based on a decentralised orga nisation with 1,177 properties, each with its own profit centre, which is administe red from regional offices. To support the control environment and provide neces sary guidance to different officers, there are a number of documented governing documents such as internal policies, gui delines, manuals, the formal work plan of the Board, decision-making procedures, rules for approvals as well as accounting and reporting instructions. Governing documents are updated as required in order to always reflect applicable laws and rules.
Risk assessment The focus is on identifying the risks that are considered most significant in Balder's profit/loss and balance sheet items in the financial reporting and what measures can reduce these risks. The

97 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-202

risk management is built into the above mentioned document for the control environment.
Different methods are used to measure and minimise risks and to ensure that the risks that the company is exposed to are handled according to Balder's current policies and rules. The Board conducts an annual review of the internal control in accordance with the formal work plan of the Board. The risk assessment is continu ally updated to cover changes that have a material impact on the internal control over financial reporting.
The most significant risks that have been identified in connection with the financial reporting are errors in the accounts and in the valuation of the pro perty portfolio, deferred tax, interest-bea ring liabilities, refinancing, tax and value added tax as well as the risk of fraud, loss or embezzlement of assets.
Control activities A number of control activities are built-in to ensure that the financial reporting provides a true and fair view at each point of time. These activities involve different levels in the organisation, from the Board and company management to other employees. The control activities are aimed at preventing, discovering and correcting errors and deviations. The ac tivities consist of approval and reporting of commercial transactions, follow up of decisions and approved policies of the Board, general and application-specific IT controls, checking of external counter parties and follow up of results at various levels in the organisation. Other activities

are follow up of the reporting procedures including the annual accounts and conso lidated financial statements and their conformity with applicable rules and regulations, approval of reporting tools, accounting and valuation principles as well as power of attorney and authority structures.
Balder's regional offices participate in the basic control, follow up and analysis in each region. To ensure the quality of the regions' financial reporting, an evaluation is made in conjunction with the Group's controllers.
The follow up at a regional level com bined with the controls and analyses at a Group level are an important part of the internal control, to ensure that the financial reporting essentially does not contain any errors.
Information and communication Balder has determined how information and communication in respect of the fi nancial reporting should occur so that the company's information disclosure should take place in an effective and correct manner. Balder has guidelines for how the financial information should be commu nicated between the Management and other employees. Guidelines, updates and changes are made available and known to the employees concerned by means of oral and written information and on Balder's Intranet. The Board receives further infor mation about risk management, internal control and financial reporting from meetings and reports from the company's auditors.

Monitoring There is an appropriate process for con tinual follow up and annual evaluation of the observance of internal policies, guidelines, manuals and codes and of the appropriateness and functionality of the established control activities. Different methods are used to measure and minimise risks and to ensure that the risks that the company is exposed to are handled according to Balder's current policies and rules. The Group's accounting and controller function has the dayto-day responsibility for follow up and reporting to the company management with regard to possible shortcomings. Follow-up occurs on both a property level and a Group level.
The Board regularly evaluates the information submitted by the company management and the auditors. The compa ny's auditors report on at least one occasion per year their observations from the audit and their opinion about the internal control over the financial reporting.
Need of internal audit Balder has a decentralised organisation that manages 1,177 properties from regi onal offices. Financial operations and the finance function for the entire Group are conducted in the parent company.
There is a controller function in the parent company which monitors the ad ministration of the regional offices and the financial operations in the parent company. Balder's size and decentralised organisation together with the controller function in the parent company mean that a special internal audit function is not motivated at present.

Gothenburg, 6 April 2016

Christina Rogestam Chairman of the Board

Sten Dunr Board member

Fredrik Svensson Board member

Anders Wennergren Board member

Erik Selin Board member and CEO

Auditor'sstatementregarding the Corporate Governance Report

To the Annual General Meeting of Fast ighets AB Balder (publ) Corporate identity no. 556525-6905
The Board of Directors is responsible for the corporate governance report for 2015 on pages 94-98 and for ensuring that it is prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act.
We have read the corporate governan ce report and based on this review and on

our knowledge of the company and the Group, we believe we have a sufficient basis for our opinion. This statutory re view has another aim and direction, and is substantially less exhaustive in scope, than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) and other generally accepted audi ting standards in Sweden.
We consider that a corporate gover-

F-203

nance report has been prepared and its statutory content is consistent with the annual accounts and the consolidated financial statements.
Gothenburg, 6 April 2016 hrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB
Heln Olsson Svrdstrm Authorised Public Accountant
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 98

Boakd oL Dvw st&iA

Bom 1943. Chairman ofthe Board since 2006.
Education and experience Bachelor of Arts, Social studies Previously President and CEO of Akademiska Hus AB, board member of Fastighets AB Stenvalvet.
Shareholding in Balder 66,000 B shares, 3,000 B shares and 2,080 preference shares via company.

Born 1956. Board member since 2009.
Education and experience Bachelor of Law s Law yer and partner at Advokatfirm an Glim stedt. Board m em ber of Serneke Group AB.
Shareholding in Balder 2,050 B shares and 245 000 B shares via company.

Sten Dunii
Born 1951. Board member since 2007.
Education and experience Bachelor of Science (Econ.). CEO o f Lnsfrskringar AB. chairman o f Ln sfrskrin gar Bank, Lnsfrskringar Sak and Lnsfrskringar Fondliv. Board member o f Lnsfrskringar Liv and Svensk Frskring and the Employers' Organistion o f the Swedish Insurance Companies
Shareholding in Balder No shareholding in Balder.

Fwednlk Svensson
Born 1961. Board m em ber since 2005. Education and experience Bachelor o f Science (Econ.). CEO o f AB Arvid Svensson, chairman of Klvern AB. Shareholding in Balder 2,915,892 A shares and 13,542,540 B shares, all via company.
99 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

Erik Selin
Born 1967. Board member since 2005.
Education and experience Business school economist CEO of Fastig hets AB Balder. Chairman of Skandrenting AB, board member and vice chairman of Collector Banks AB (publ), board m em ber o f Vstsvenska Retailskammaren, Astrid Lindgrens vrld and Hexatronic Scandi navia AB.
Shareholding in Balder 10,500 B shares and 500 preference shares and 8,309,328 A shares and 57,200,400 B shares via company.
F-204

Balder's Board of Directors Balder's Board o f D irectors is composed o f five people, including the Chairman. Board m embers are elected annually at the AGM for the period up to the end of the next AGM.
Auditor hrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB Auditor in charge: Heln Olsson Svrd strm, born 1962. Auditor in the com pany since 2015. hrlings PriceWaterhouseCoopers AB was elected at the AGM on 7 May 2013 as auditor for a period of four years.

Erik Selin
Born 1967. CEO o f Fastighets AB Balder.
Education and experience Business school econom ist. Employed since 2005.
Shareholding in Balder 10,500 B shares and 500 preference shares and 8,309,328 A shares and 57,200,400 B shares via company.

Magnus BjcnndaM
Born 1957. CFO.
Education and experience Bachelor o f Science (Econ.). Employed since 2008.
Shareholding in Balder 21,000 B shares.

Petra Sprangers
Born 1965. Head of Personnel and Administration.
Education and experience Business school economist Employed since 2007.
Shareholding in Balder No shareholding in Balder.

Benny /varsson
Born 1955. Head of Property.
Education and experience Bachelor o f Science (Econ.). Employed since 2006.
Shareholding in Balder 12,494 B shares and 8,500 preference shares and 12,720 B shares via company.

Sharam Rahi
Born 1973. Head of Property Management and Vice CEO.
Education and experience Com pulsory school Employed since 2005.
Shareholding in Balder 737,822 B shares and 788,978 B shares and 20,000 preference shares via company.

Marcus Hansson
Born 1974. Head of Finance.
Education and experience Bachelor o f Science (Econ.). Employed since 2007.
Shareholding in Balder 156,500 B shares.

F-205

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 100

P roperty Out

Municipality Name of property

Address

Region Helsinki

 FI, S a to

Several properties

Total Helsinki

Region Stockholm

Botkyrka

Freja 2

Balders vg 10

Year of construction

Property category

Site leasehold right

Office

Lettable area, sq.m.

Industrial/ Education/

Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel Residential

Other

Tax

assessment

value,

Total

SEKm

Residential

942,551 942,551

942,551 942,551

1973

Residential

7,060

220

7,280

51

 A cquisitions during 2015. Total Stockholm

Stlgatan 35

2005

Residential

160,858 24,263 21,247

4,117

8

4,125

16,268 94,805 127,113 11,956 456,509

51 5,076

101 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-206

Municipality Name of property

Address

Region Gothenburg

A le

N dinge 38:14

Ale Torg 10

Lettable area, sq.m.

Year of construction

Property category

Site leasehold right

Industrial/ Education/

Office Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel Residential Other

Tax assess-

ment value,

Total

SEKm

2007

Retail

3,920

10,399

30

14,349

112

F-207

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 102

Municipality Name of property

Address

forts. Region Gothenburg

G othenburg Askim 243:20

Askim s torg

G othenburg Backa 169:3

Sdra Deltavgen 3 A

G othenburg Backa 171:3

Backavgen 1

Gothenburg Backa 21:14

Exportgatan 47 B

G o th e nb urg Bagaregrden 5:8

Kunglvsgatan 6 A

G o th e nb urg Bagaregrden 5:9

Kunglvsgatan 6 A

G othenburg Bergsjn 34:1

Atm osfrgatan 1

G o th e nb urg Bergsjn 9:6

Kosm osgatan 1

G o th e n b u rg B isk o p sg  rd e n 7:1

Lngstrm sgatan 26

G o th e n b u rg B isk o p sg  rd e n 7:2

Lngstrm sgatan 14 C

G o th e n b u rg B isk o p sg  rd e n 7:3

Lngstrm sgatan 10 A

Gothenburg Brm aregrden 72:4 H isingsgatan 28

G othenburg Bur 134:1

O xholm sgatan 28

G othenburg B 93:2

Sofierogatan 1

G othenburg G am lestaden 25:11 M arieholm sgatan 4

G othenburg G am lestaden 26:13 V assgatan 3

G o th e nb urg G u llbergsvass 11:2 G u llb ergs Stran dgata 40

G othenburg Grda 15:1

Fabriksgatan 7

G othenburg Grda 15:1 (15:12) D rakegatan 2

Gothenburg Heden 24:11

En ge lb rek tsgatan 73

G o th e n b u rg H  gsb o 1:1

J A W ettergrens gata 7

G othenburg H gsbo 11:10

V icto r Hasselblads gata 8

G othenburg H gsbo 38:17

Sisj Kullegata 5

G othenburg H gsbo 38:20

Sisj Kullegata 6

G othenburg H gsbo 38:8

Sisj Kullegata 8

G o th e n b u rg Inom V allgrav en 1:13 D ro ttn in g g a ta n 62

G o th e nb urg Inom Vallgraven 14:1 Sdra H am n gatan 2

G o th e nb urg Inom V allgraven 15:3 D ro ttn in gga ta n 30

G othenburg Inom V allgraven 16:21 D ro ttn in ggatan 10

G o th e n b u rg Inom V allgrav en 19:6 D ro ttn in g g a ta n 35

G o th e n b u rg Inom V allgrav en 2:2 D ro ttn in g g a ta n 69

G othenburg Inom V allgraven 22:6 Kungsgatan 41

G o th e nb urg Inom V allgraven 33:7 M agasin sgatan 26

G othenburg Inom V allgraven 36:4 K aserntorget 11 A

G o th e nb urg Inom V allgraven 4:2 Lilla K un gsgatan 1

G othenburg Inom V allgraven 4:4 Lilla Kun gsgatan 3

# G othenburg Inom V allgraven 54:10 Lilla Torget 3

G othenburg Inom V allgraven 54:9 Lilla Torget 4

G othenburg Inom V allgraven 58:6 Kungsgatan 34

G o th e n b u rg Inom V allgrav en 8:1 Kyrkogatan 29-31

G othenburg Inom V allgraven 8:19 Kun gsgatan 56

G o th e n b u rg In om V a llg ra v e n 8:20 K yrk o g a ta n 33

G othenburg Jrnbrott 145:6

Svngrum sgatan 45

G o th e nb urg Kobbegrden 6:725 D atavgen 12 A

G othenburg Kyrkbyn 147:1

Alm quistgatan 1

G othenburg Klltorp 36:7

Solrosgatan 13 A

G othenburg Klltorp 39:1

Rstensgatan 2 A

G othenburg Lindholm en 39:2

Lindholm spiren 4

Gothenburg Lorensberg 46:1

Storgatan 45

Gothenburg Lorensberg 46:10

Kun gsp ortsavenyn 17

Gothenburg Lorensberg 46:11

Teatergatan 18

Gothenburg Lorensberg 46:12

Kungsportsavenyn 11

G othenburg Lorensberg 46:5

Kungsportsavenyn 7

Gothenburg Lorensberg 46:6

Kungsportsavenyn 9

G othenburg N ordstaden 10:15

Kpm ansgatan 27

G o th e n b u rg

N ordstaden 10:16 & 10:17

Kpm ansgatan 29

G o th e nb urg O lskroken 10:5

Olskroksgatan 30

G othenburg Olskroken 25:11

Falkgatan 7

G o th e nb urg Rud 8:10

M u n spelsgatan 10

G othenburg Sannegrden 25:1

Sterigatan 20

G othenburg Sannegrden 28:5

Sjporten 1

G o th e n b u rg T in g s ta d s v a s s e n 3:6 K ro k e g  rd sg a ta n 3

G o th e n b u rg T in g s ta d s v a s s e n 3:7 K ro k e g  rd sg a ta n 7

G othenburg Torslanda 153:1

M o s s fy n d s g a ta n 15

G othenburg Torslanda 155:3

M o ssfyn dsgatan 10

G othenburg Torslanda 95:1

Torslanda torg 2

G othenburg Utby 39:11

Vstra Tvrskedet 3

A cquisitions during 2015.
103 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

Lettable area, sq.m.

Year of construc tion

Property category

Site leasehold right

Office

Industrial/

Ware Education/

Retail house

Care

Hotel Residential

Other

Tax assess

ment value,

Total

SEKm

1972

O ffice

1,923

638

553

1,251

39

4,404

25

2006

Retail

1,975

1,975

40

1955

Retail

4,417

4,417

50

1989

Other

608

1,784

108

2,500

11

1929

Residential

584

584

8

1929

Residential

581

581

8

1970

Residential

115

281

22,271

22,667

103

1967

Residential

77

162

350

41,817 3,523 45,929

200

1967

Residential Yes

377

15,378

15,755

82

1967

Residential Yes

1,130

215

13,842

15,187

75

1968

Residential Yes

278

13,887

14,165

73

1959

O ffice

Yes

2,495

889

42

20

3,446

22

1989

Residential

302

302

1940

O ffice

8,302

472

316

9,090

81

1990

O ffice

Yes

3,058

681

178

3,917

24

1988

O ffice

Yes

3,484

6,840

3,937 14,261

64

1977

O the r

Yes

5,865

5,865

24

1929

O ffice

7,158

207

487

7,852

122

1937

Residential

1,587

87

6,717

8,391

150

1964

Hotel

Yes

17,875

17,875

218

1967

O ffice

11,149

3,836

70 15,055

60

1982

O ffice

4,050

4,050

18

1986

O ffice

1,680

26

1,706

12

1989

O ffice

2,010

780

2,790

19

1990

O ffice

4,837

2,190

1

7,028

41

1986

Hotel

26,656

26,656

271

1929

Retail

2,637

2,190

4,827

80

1980

O ffice

3,847

379

108

4,334

86

1929

Retail

2,365

321

86

200

2,972

55

1929

O ffice

525

597

1,122

17

1929

O ffice

1,038

254

1,292

21

1869

O ffice

405

468

873

32

1929

O ffice

2,189

897

258

387

3,731

46

1912

O ffice

2,447

10

9,494

4,859 16,810

1929

O ffice

2,068

630

62

1,001

3,761

61

1929

O ffice

5,819

5,819

68

1929

O ffice

700

175

875

11

1929

O ffice

802

8

810

14

1989

Retail

1,767

230

10

2,728

4,735

106

1850

Retail

1,526

1,668

10

3,204

110

1962

O ffice

712

409

1,121

47

Saknas

Retail

803

803

17

1963

Residential

3,844

13

3,857

29

1988

O ffice

3,268

3,268

22

1967

O the r

Yes

520

520

1935

Residential

769

105

874

11

1936

Residential

791

791

10

2013

Hotel

13,299

13,299

188

1929

Retail

299

1,288

42

316

1,945

30

1944

O ffice

983

572

1,555

32

1929

Retail

1,203

1,203

19

1929

Retail

2,394

2,394

55

1929

Retail

201

766

967

20

1950

Retail

1,176

1,176

31

1900

O ffice

1,031

590

812

2,433

64

1929

Hotel

113

7,753

7,866

117

1985

O ffice

1,974

2,501

4,475

1932

Other

1,969

292

2,261

1962

Residential

255

614

43,673

805 45,347

331

1971

Other

2,912

222

3,134

18

1945

O ffice

69

307

1,161

1,537

23

1944

Retail

65

3,493

230

6

3,794

77

1987

Retail

5,243

5,243

91

1989

Residential Yes

362

362

1989 1973

Residential Yes Retail

300

231

4,578

26

300

871

968

6,674

48

1990

Residential

116

351

467

F-208

Municipality Name of property

Address

Lettable area, sq.m.

Year of construction

Property category

Site leasehold right

Office

Industrial/ Education/

Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel Residential Other

Tax assess-

ment value,

Total

SEKm

forts. Region Gothenburg

K u n g  lv

Klocktornet 36

K u n g  lv

Krabbetornet 1&35

K u n g  lv

Nedre Platt 1

K u n g  lv

Rhodin 19

K u n g  lv

Skom akaren 10

K u n g  lv

Slottstrdgrden 5

Lerum

Floda 3:121

Lerum

Lerum 43:21

Lerum

Torp 1:328

M ariestad

Enen 23

M ariestad

Furan 11

M ariestad

Furan 12

M ariestad

Frtickan 1

M ariestad

Granen 8

M ariestad

Hunden 3

M ariestad

M urklan 1

M ariestad

Staren 8

M lndal

Stockrosen 10

M lndal

Stockrosen 3

M lndal

Stockrosen 6

Skara

Alm en 4

Skara

Aspen 1

Skara

Bisittaren 2

Skara

Bisittaren 6

Skara

Boken 38

Skara

Bromsen 5

Skara

Fjrilen 6

Skara

Frigga 4

Skara

Frigga 5

Skara

Heim dal 1

Skara

Heim dal 4

Skara

Plym en 4, 5

Skara

Rdhuset 40

Skara

Slndan 1

Skara

Sm rberget 2

Skara

Svrdet 11

Skara

Tallen 7

Skara

Tor 10

Skara

Tor 6

Skara

Tyr 1

Skvde

D agslndan 10

Skvde

Ekoxen 10

Skvde

M ellom kvarn 1

Skvde

Smeden 5

Skvde

S to r n g e n 13

T ro llh  tta n

Hoppet 1

T ro llh  tta n

Plogen 1

T ro llh  tta n

Plogen 2

Trollh ttan Propellern 7

Trollhttan Sjfrun 5

Trollh ttan Stran dp iparen 12

Trollhttan Svan 7

Trollhttan Venus 9

T ro llh  tta n Treboda Treboda Treboda

Verkm staren 14 Advokaten 1 Byggm staren 5 Pltslagaren 9

Treboda

Rnnen 11

Treboda

Sotaren 12

Uddevalla

Bagge 7

Uddevalla

Klgrden 51

Uddevalla

Slghugget 1

Vnersborg Resedan 15

Total Gothenburg

Vstra gatan 57

1972

Vstra Gatan 84

1938

Eastra Gatan 1

Saknas

Stran dgatan 77

1967

Fabriksgatan 10

1988

Gam la to rget

1958

Gam la Vgen 26

1991

Skattegrdsbacken 10

1991

Lindvgen 34 A

1988

V iktoriagatan 16

1985

Stockholm svgen 23

1962

Stockholm svgen 25

1962

Bergsgatan 20

1968

V iktoriagatan 17

1900

Nya Torget 1

1900

Bergsgatan 18

2005

Nygatan 14

1900

Northa 흁atan 26 C

1973

Northa 흁atan 38

1964

Northa 흁atan 34

1948

Sankta A nn agatan 12 m fl

1986

M alm gatan 9 A-C m fl

1929

Stensgatan 4

1900

H rlundagatan 41 m fl

1990

Brinkagatan 2 A-C m fl

1929

Richertsgatan 1

1990

Folkungagatan 15 m fl

1929

M ariebergsgatan 4 A-B

1900

M ariebergsgatan 6 A-B

1900

H indsbogatan 43 A-B m fl

1900

H indsbogatan 37 A-B m fl

1900

Vallgatan 36 A-B

1900

N icolai G rnd 1-3 m fl

1900

Borggatan 8 A-C

1954

Stensgatan 10

1900

Vallgatan 30

1990

Hindsbogatan 20

1937

H in dsb ogatan 17

1929

M aru m sgatan 16

1900

H indsbogatan 45 A-B m fl

1947

Bakvgen 2-32

1972

B arkvgen 32

1974

M ellom kvarnsvgen 2

1972

Petter Helns Gata 2

1900

Ksatorpsvgen 5

1900

D rottningg 13, Staveredsg 19 1992

Lantm annavgen

1969

Lantm annavgen

1967

Saabvgen 1

1992

M a g a sin sg 4 A -4 B , S to rg a ta n 35 1 936

Slttbergsvgen 22

1952

Storgatan 47

1989

Freningsg 10A-10C, Easterlngg 1989 44-46

Ekholm sg 11, W allstrm sg 9

1910

Northa Torggatan 7

1985

N ortha Torggatan 10

1929/1992

Stora Bergsgatan 4 A-B

194748/1992

Stora Bergsgata n 20 A-B

1957

Vadsbogatan 10 A-12 B

1947

Kun gsgatan 10

1968

Kyrkogrdsgatan 1, 3, 5

1930

Lillbrckegatan

1972

Kungsgatan 5

1994

Retail

Retail

Ground

Retail

O ffice

Hotel

Residential

Residential

Residential

Retail

Residential

Residential

Residential

O the r

Retail

Residential

Retail

O ffice

O ffice

O ffice

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Residential

Retail

O ffice

Yes

O ffice

Residential

Residential Yes

Residential Yes

O ffice

Residential

Residential

Hotel

Residential

O the r

Retail

Yes

Residential

Residential

Residential Residential Retail Hotel Residential Yes Residential

391 1,781
121
355 1,648
604 551
198
165 2,453 2,598 2,181
295 32
4,759
1,250
217 1,239 1,189
243 124,368

3,351 840

2,822

91

478

79

3,889 6

2,187

260

1,621
408 1,212

53 5,017
252 17

312
180 10,959 70 316
193
475
1,286 239

1,380 590 239
1,168 75,795

103 500 206
44,521

423

3,774

272

1,503

1,474

6,100

1,016 1,383
428 1,952 1,620 4,254 4,632

7

2,920

312

4 ,1 2 4

6,100

1,016

1,383

11

439

5,841

637

2,378

4,260

4,632

11,632

158 12,599
86
602 1,415
354 300 967 534 350 824 828 632 647 705 1,905 1,434 410 412 852 689 829 623 22,212 21,826
2,341 11,156 10,555
1,367 654
1,594

1,251 35
190 90 50
50 25
57 6,166
265 9
161 110

3,856 12,599
2,062 1,736 6,219 2,015
709 1,465
354 300 967 534 350 824 828 682 672 705 2,103 1,434 410 412 852 689 1,141 680 22,377 30,625 10,959 2,598 2,251 2,901 11,504 10,555 4,768 1,721 764 11,632 3,319

1,421

842 1,142 1,849

75

1,496

2,128

1,381

1,849

294 6,500 19,919 98,528

822 976
14,420 1,203
381,028

10
35 35,804

1,039 976
2,722 9,083 15,108 2,406 779,963

28 12 27 31 26 11
3 4 40 32 24 14 60 9 10 17 10
71 96 32 15
9 21 43 32 21 11
6 53 22
22 42 95 15 5,448

F-209

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 104

Municipality Name of property

Address

Year of construction

Property category

Site leasehold right

Office

Lettable area, sq.m.

Industrial/ Education/

Retail Warehouse

Care Hotel Residential

Other

Tax assess-

ment value,

Total

SEKm

Region resund

DK, Greve

Ventrupparken 6

Ventrupparken 6

DK, Copen hagen

Staevnen

Robert Jacobsens Vej

DK, Copen hagen

Vestervold Kvarter

Jernbanegade 8

DK, Copen hagen

Easterfaelled

M a rsk e n sg a d e 13

Helsingborg Am erika Sdra 28

Bryggaregatan 7

H elsingborg Skalbaggen 15

G u stav A dolfs Gata 13

H elsingborg Skalbaggen 16

G asverksgatan 32 A

H elsingborg Skalbaggen 17

Gasverksgatan 34

Helsingborg Skalbaggen 18

Gasverksgatan 36

Helsingborg Skalbaggen 19

Gasverksgatan 38

Helsingborg Skalbaggen 20

Gasverksgatan 40

Helsingborg Skalbaggen 21

Gasverksgatan 42

Helsingborg Skalbaggen 22

Gasverksgatan 44 A

H elsingborg Skalbaggen 23

G u stav A dolfs Gata 17

Helsingborg Skalbaggen 24

G u s ta v A d o lfs G a ta 15

Helsingborg Skalbaggen 7

Drakegatan 5

Helsingborg Verdandi 1

Bifrostgatan 71

Helsingborg W urttem berg 20

Furutorpsgatan 29

Kristianstad Hovrtten 41

V stra Storgatan 13

Lund

Dioriten 1

Brunnsgrd, Rbyvgen 1

Lund

Jns Petter Borg 14 Hedvig M llers gata 2

Lund

Kalkstenen 1

K alkste n svge n 32

Lund

Lagfarten 1 & 2

M agistratvgen 10

Lund

Porfyren 2

G lim m ervgen 3

Lund

Rugen 1

S tra lsu n d sv  g e n 1-25

Lund

Rugen 2

Stralsundsvgen 29

M alm 

Ledebur 15

Am iralsgatan 20

M alm 

Lejonet 2

Lilla Torg 1

M alm 

Rosen 9

Engelbrektsgatan 2

M alm 

Spinneriet 8

Baltzarsgatan 20

M alm 

Spnnbucklan 12 & 13 A gnesfridsvgen 180

M alm 

Von Conow 54

B altzarsgatan 31

Trelleborg

Lavetten 41

H edvgen 167-173

V  xj

Elden Sdra 17

Biblioteksgatan 7

V  xj

Kocken 3

Hejaregatan 19

흒torp

Asken 14

Esplan aden 15

흒torp

Blklockan 9

Fgelsngsgatan 32 A

흒torp

Boken 4

Esplanaden 19 A

흒torp

Ekorren 27

Skolgatan 7

흒torp

H yllin ge 5:122

Postgatan 12 A

흒torp

H sthoven 12

Fabriksgatan 19 A

흒torp

Kastanjen 16

Esplanaden 7

흒torp

Linden 11

N yvngsgatan 1 A

흒torp

Lo tu sb lo m m an 15

N yvngsgatan 31

흒torp

Lungrten 1

N yvngsgatan 2 A

흒torp

Lrksoppen 10

Ekebrogatan 100

흒torp

Lrktrdet 10

Ekebrogatan 1

흒torp

M oroten 10

Torggatan 35 A

흒torp

Resedan 1

Northa Storgatan 10 A

흒torp

Svrdsliljan 7

Eastergatan 16 A

흒torp

Tranan 1

Total resund

Fjllvgen 10 A

Region East

Arboga

G esllen 15

Arboga

Getingen 1

Arboga

H julm akaren 25

Arboga

Ringsborg 1

Arboga

Riskan 1

Arboga

V ilsta 10

Arboga

V ilsta 21

Arboga

V ilsta 9

FI, Ke m in m a a Jo u la n tie 1-3

FI, Ku o p io

Levsentie 2B

FI, K u u sa m o Lo u m a n tie 1-3

A cquisitions during 2015.

Bergsgrnd 3 A Vsterm ovgen V ikingagatan Kapellgatan 29 Trdgrdsgatan Jdersvgen Lu n d b o rg s e s p la n a d e n Jdersvgen 1

105 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

1900 2009
1900
1996
1950 1939 1935 1935 1933 1935 1935 1935 1930 1967 1983 1929 2006 1937 1985 2001 2013 2000 1968 1991 2006 2006 1990 1929 1960 1957 1983 1964 1987 1985 1969 1952 1966 1945 1929 1963 1960 1972 1961 1961 1961 1972 1970 1954 1964 1958 1991

Retail Residential

4,723

Retail

5,300

Residential

Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Retail Hotel O ffice Hotel Retail O ffice Hotel Residential Residential O ffice O ffice Hotel O ffice Retail O ffice Retail Hotel Hotel Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential

561
1,589 3,080 3,472 6,135 4,896 12,487 Yes 9,316
167 235 1,873
245 44,056

501

20

195 83 34

83

143

62

6,176

15

380

2,180

1,005

289

39 1,430 3,053 5,320 4,398
990 65

68 2,137
491

239

53

1,207

154

337

164

704

103

833

42 42
28 457
35,214 8,329

1958

Residential

1969

Residential

1978

Residential

1981

O ffice

1963 1965

Residential Residential

1970 1961

Residential Residential

2001/2002 Retail

2006

Retail

Retail

436

230

1,488

283

71

59

48

40

200

835

46

12,337

20,123

12,623

F-210

6,807

4,723 6,807

5,300

43,528

43,528

7,075 8,462 15,711 9,777 5,540 6,888 3,982 120
120 57,435

5,163 762
2,155 712 818 708 632 711
1,905 3,685 2,134
688 3,763 4,786
3,083 5,264
314
2,584
771 808 7,606 639 7,431 2,633 3,458 340 340 792 8,030 5,799 776 1,061 6,457 3,820 140,963

1,363 19 65 32 66 57
109 103
60 111 1,314
528 1,300
504 1,454 4,185
57
134 156
165 142
11,924

7,608 781
2,415 827 918 765 824 814
2,048 3,745 2,134
799 3,825 13,880 7,455 3,080 8,462 2,180 4,766 15,711 3,083 5,792 7,435 5,821 11,207 24,671 5,320 20,974
990 7,010 3,982 1,230
808 9,202
976 7,849 3,440 6,320
340 340 792 8,237 5,983 776 1,089 7,159 3,820 298,041

82 5 6
18 6 6 5 5 2
15 24 17 43 117 34 36 103 18 30 104 41 76 61 112 225 479 23 284
4 37
5 4 39 4 22 14 27 3 3 4 17 33 24 4 5 30 2,251

5,048

5,714

18

9,515

20

9,535

30

3,497

3,497

14

1,488

5

3,846 8,264

4,200

15

8,371

31

6,532 7,439

6,572

24

8,520

30

12,337

20,123

12,623

Address

Year of construc tion

Property category

Site leasehold right

Office

Lettable area, sq.m.

Industrial/

Ware- Education/

Retail house

Care

Hotel Residential Other

Total

V o lo n t rg a ta n Tvinnaregatan 10

1978 1989 1996 1995 1971/1982 2005 1989

Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail Residential Residential

3,718 3,574 2,777 5,786 4,591
29

Torm e n sgatan 15 Bgvgen 1 Nygatan 2 M ickels v g 10 A Backgatan 2 A Stora Torget Vstra 흍rom enaden 20 Stora G. 8, :A Lngg. 8-10 Stora Gatan Tunadalsgatan 28 San kt O lovsgatan 52 T u n a d a ls g a ta n Rgngen 71 Kungstorget 2 H osp.G at9-11,O lai Kyrkog12,Trdg.G 8b,10 Brddgatan 54 Plankgatan 46 H ospitalsgatan 42 G am la Rd stu gugatan 52 Sandgatan 28 D rottninggatan 10 D rottn.G14,G:A Rdst.G3-7,Nya R  d st.G 2 -4 R  sg  n g e n 32 G am la Rd stu gugatan 11 Idrottsvgen 12 E Grnnavgen 21 S tj rn g a ta n 13 Vallgatan 6 G ranitgatan 2 Beckhem svgen Beckhem svgen 21 Beckhem svgen 14 Beckhem svgen 2 Plangatan Nm ndem ansgatan 8 Vstra vgen 7 A Beckhem svgen 10 Beckhem svgen 8 Sveagatan 4 M ajorsgatan 18 A M ajorsgatan 20 M ajorsgatan 22 Storgatan 38 M ission sgatan 10 Nygatan 18 Beckhem svgen 12 A Fram nsgatan 2 Gtgatan 29 Fram nsgatan 1 Eastra Jrnvgsgatan 1 Storgatan 15 G ranitgatan 5 Rnnbergagatan 1 Rnnbergagatan 4 B an gatan 15 P ilgatan 33 Bangatan 1 A Regem entsgatan 62

1991 1972 1965 1991 1968 1929 1965 1929 1979 1965 1947 1971 1958 1939 1992
1983 1940 1967 1940 1960 1929 1985
1959 1929 2014 1949 1991 1969 1966 1972 1930 1969 1966 1988 1944 1946 1967 1973 1940 1929 1949 1946 1965 1950 1992 1968 1984 1960 1983 1985 1955 1971 1963 1962 1957 1980 1968 1963

O ffice Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Retail Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential

773 89 14

16

662

1,548

1,958

124

876

416

120

177

97

330

491

173

1,950

1,693

380

Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential

25

60

30

99

370

484

252

355

15

Residential Residential O the r Residential Residential Residential O the r Residential O the r Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Retail Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Hotel Residential Residential Residential

Yes
56 348 324
265 369 367 496
441 10,831

273
966 4,938 1,213 3,310
150 133 84,992

55
65
45
15 106 260 120
84 114 1,561

3,718

3,574

2,777

5,786

4,591

3,050

50

3,129

32

7,734

127

7,861

51

176

949

6

9,692

187

9,968

47

11,113

11,127

80

2,611

337

2,948

17

5,985

6,001

47

924

1,586

7

1,169

578

5,253

16

1,612

69

2,681

11

1,324

1,740

8

11,131

273 11,524

45

2,271

179

2,724

12

8,226

990

9,546

15

4,609

5,100

33

2,379

60

4,562

27

5,364

533

7,970

69

1,139

1,139

10

940

600

1,625

9

9,453

11

9,593

79

1,241

145

1,756

13

2,914

2,914

23

1,146

755

2,385

14

5,953

231

6,806

58

3,639

3,639

25

1,320

1,593

13

16,324 16,324

478

478

2

500

500

3

1,017

70

1,087

5

1

5,577

95

5,783

21

150

250

400

1

6,019

10

6,377

22

3,402

3,402

13

476

476

2

708

708

3

670

34

704

3

9,114

290

9,793

34

575

575

1

1,279

63

1,342

7

814

814

3

943

128

1,071

4

999

10

1,009

4

1,504

216

2,951

11

5,613

65 11,030

59

1,997

110

3,687

19

2,752

551

3,799

13

402

402

1

736

736

3

684

684

4

2,073

10

2,083

11

2,913

617

6,855

25

3,040

3,040

13

14,331

14,587

93

5,778

6,038

33

7,003

30

7,286

40

8,317

8,317

27

13,914

13,998

78

19,194

2 19,751

392,044

392,044

8,317 657,379 24,595 787,675

F-211

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015 106

Municipality Name of property Region North

Address

Lettable area, sq.m.

Year of construetion

Property category

Site leasehold right

Office

Industrial/

Ware- Education/

Retail house

Care

Hotel Residential

Other

Tax assess

ment value,

Total

SEKm

Total North Total Fastighets AB Balder

7,957

6,351 1,083

348,070 226,614 76,740

13,873 126,947 9,139 165,349 36,307 272,958 2,375,980 93,418 3,430,088

783 15,146

107 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER ANNUAL REPORT 2015

F-212

Fastiahets A8 B alder Year-end re p o rt
January-December 2016

 Profit from property manage ment before tax attributable to parent company shareholders amounted to SEK 2,265m (1,780), corresponding to an increase per ordinary share by 22 % to SEK 11.89 (9.71)
 Rental income amounted to SEK 5,373m (2,711)
 Profit after tax attributable to parent company shareholders amounted to SEK 5,474m (4,916) corresponding to SEK 30.38 per ordinary share (28.98)
 Net asset value amounted to SEK 198.49 per ordinary share (159.14) and shareholders' equity (including listed associated com panies at market value) amoun ted to SEK 157.63 per ordinary share (128.03)
Fastighets AB Balder is a listed property company which shall meet the needs of different customer groups for premises and housing based on local support. Balder's real estate portfolio had a value of SEK 86.2 billion (68.5) as of 31 December 2016. The Balder share is lis ted on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap
F-213

BAL DER

Theperiod in b rief

Comparisons stated in parenthesis refer to the corresponding period o f the previousyear.

October-December 2016  Rental income amounted to SEK 1,427m (680).  Net operating income amounted to SEK 1,002m (508).  Profit from property management attributable to parent
company shareholders increased by 35 % to SEK 650 m (482), which corresponds to an increase by 28 % per ordi nary share to SEK 3.39 (2.64).  Changes in value in respect of investment properties amounted to SEK 2,211m (2,017). The average yield requirement amounted to 5.3 % (5.4).  Changes in value of interest rate derivatives have impac ted the result before tax by SEK 312m (197).  Net profit after tax for the period amounted to SEK 2,704m (2,506).  Net profit after tax for the period attributable to parent company shareholders amounted to SEK 2,536m (2,506) which corresponds to SEK 14.05 per ordinary share (14.99).  51 properties (712 refers to Sato Oyj) has been acquired at a property value of SEK 4,632m (26,477).  22 properties (1) were divested at a property value of SEK 681m (3).  A set off issue of 4,602,515 ordinary shares at a value of SEK 1,099m after issue costs has been conducted.  Balder has taken possession of all properties in the group I.A. Hedin Fastighet AB from Anders Hedin Invest AB. The possession took place on 30 November 2016. The num ber of acquired properties amounts to 43.  Balder has received an investment grade rating from Moody's of Baa3 with a stable outlook.

January-December 2016  Sato Oyj's income statement is consolidated for the
first time from 1 January 2016.  Rental income amounted to SEK 5,373m (2,711).  Net operating income amounted to SEK 3,679m
(1,944).  Profit from property management attributable to
parent company shareholders increased by 27 % to SEK 2,265m (1,780), which corresponds to an increase per ordinary share by 22 % to SEK 11.89 (9.71).  Changes in value in respect of investment properties amounted to SEK 4,932m (3,388). The average yield requirement amounted to 5.3 % (5.4).  Changes in value of interest rate derivatives have impacted the result before tax by SEK -114m (227).  Net profit after tax for the year amounted to SEK 6,093m (4,916).  Net profit after tax for the year attributable to parent company shareholders amounted to SEK 5,474m (4,916) which corresponds to SEK 30.38 per ordinary share (28.98).  116 properties (723 including Sato Oyj) has been acqui red at a property value of SEK 11,342m (28,660).  71 properties (23) were divested at a property value of SEK 1,990m (1,613).  A directed new issue of 3,000,633 ordinary shares and a set off issue of 4,602,515 ordinary shares at a total value of SEK 1,780m after issue costs have been conducted.  The associated company Brinova Fastigheter AB (publ) was listed on 30 September 2016.

2016

2015

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

2011

2010

2009

Oct-Dec Oct-Dec Jan-Dec Jan-Dec Jan-Dec Jan-Dec Jan-Dec Jan-Dec Jan-Dec Jan-Dec

Rental income, SEKm Profit from property management before tax, SEKm 1 Changes in value of properties, SEKm Changes in value of derivatives, SEKm Profit after tax, SEKm 11 Carrying amount of properties, SEKm

1,427 650
2,211 312
2,536 86,177

680 482 2,017 197 2,506 68,456

5,373 2,265 4,932 -114 5,474 86,177

2,711 1,780 3,388
227 4,916 68,456

2,525 1,275 3,050 -624 3,128 37,382

1,884 854 854 433
1,738 27,532

1,701 691 812 -71
1,162 22,278

1,466 516 990
-520 812
17,556

1,333 417
1,047 148
1,338 14,389

854 315
4 -23 248 12,669

Data per ordinary share including listed associated companies at market value 2)

Average number of shares, thousands

176,965 163,825 173,598 162,753 161,786 159,537 159,537 158,656 149,487 112,902

Profit after tax, SEK

14.05 14.99 30.38 28.98 18.10 10.11 6.69 4.87 8.95 2.20

Profit from property management before tax, SEK Outstanding number of shares, thousands Shareholders' equity, SEK Long-term net asset value (EPRA NAV), SEK

3.39 2.64 11.89 9.71 6.64 4.57 3.73 3.00 2.79 2.79 180,000 172,397 180,000 172,397 162,397 159,537 159,537 159,537 149,487 149,487
157.63 128.03 157,63 128.03 70.10 52.14 42.15 35.57 31.13 22.19 198.49 159.14 198.49 159.14 86.33 60.50 50.37 41.83 32.89 22.16

Share price on the closing date, SEK

184.10 208.70 184.10 208.70 110.25 66.00 37.30 25.30 29.40 12.50

1) Attributable to parent com pany shareholders. 2) Listed associated com panies at market value refers to Collector AB (publ) och Brinova Fastigheter AB (publ).

2 fASTiCHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-214

Comments by the CEO

Dear shareholders Profit from property management per ordinary share increased by 22 % during the year and amounted to SEK 11.89. The equivalent result for Q4 was SEK 3.39 per ordinary share, an increase of 28 % compared to the same period last year.
Net asset value per ordinary share increased by 25 % during the year and amounted to SEK 198.49.
Current earning capacity per ordinary share increased by 27 % from SEK 10.64 to SEK 13.52.
In Collector, our largest associated company in terms of value, earnings per share increased by 34 % and equity per share increased by 41 %.
We can thus state that 2016 was a year of great improve ments in key ratios per share in both Balder and Collector.
For the long-term shareholder, it is most important to have a belief about how future earnings will develop over time (obvious don't you think?) and after that an opinion about the present value of future earnings (so-called discounting factor). However, small changes in these two key ratios, have a large effect on the value and both Balder and Collector were examples of this during 2016.
Balder's share price fell by 12 % during the year even though key ratios per share improved by about 25 %, in other words, the share price should have been about 40 % higher on 31 December 2016 if the estimates relating to earnings and present value were equivalent to 31 December 2015.
In Collector, the value of the share was 19 % lower despite an improvement of almost 40 % in key ratios per share. Using the same estimates as the previous year-end, the share price should thus have been about 70 % higher.
The fact that stock market expectations can vary so much creates opportunities for both the short-term and long-term investor and I personally think it is fascinating, interesting and fun to follow the changes over the years.

Operationally Apart from financial key ratios, 2016 was a year when we performed positively on many fronts. Balder invests in many countries, property categories and projects and also through complete- and part-ownership. I personally believe that all parts of the company improved and this is also generating more business opportunities.
It is a privilege for me to work with all of you!
2017 and beyond My guess is that 2017 will also be a year with strong demand for both commercial premises and residential properties in our markets.
The financing opportunities also seem favourable and our financing base has been broadened further as we now have an official rating.
We have now supplemented our financial goals as follows - an equity/assets ratio (min. 35 %) and a net debt to assets ratio (max. 55 %). These key ratios are obviously much alike, but the net debt to assets key ratio is increa singly used, which means that it is good for us to clarify our goal in relation to this.
The future is bright and despite intense competition among investors, I feel optimistic as usual regarding the potential to find reasonably good investments over time.
Erik Selin Chief Executive Officer

F-215

fASTiCHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 3

Current earning capacity

Balder presents its earning capacity on a twelve-month basis in the table below. It is important to note that the current earning capacity should not be placed on a par with a forecast for the coming 12 months. For instance, the earning capacity contains no estimate of rental, vacancy, currency or interest rate changes.
Balder's income statement is also impacted by the deve lopment in the value of the real estate portfolio as well as future property acquisitions and/or property divestments. Additional items affecting the operating result are changes

in value of derivatives. None of the above has been conside red in the current earning capacity.
The earning capacity is based on the real estate portfolio's contracted rental income, estimated property costs during a normal year as well as administrative costs. The costs of the interest-bearing liabilities are based on the group's average interest rate level including the effect of derivative instruments. The tax is calculated using the effective tax rate during each period.

SEKm
Rental income Property costs Net operating income
Management and administrative costs Profit from property management from associated companies Operating profit
Net financial items Of which non-controlling interests Profit from property management
Taxes Profit after tax
Profit after tax attributable to Ordinary shareholders Preference shareholders

on a twel/e-months basis

2016 31 Dec

2016

2016

30 Sep 30 June

2016 31 Mar

2015 31 Dec

2015

2015

30 Sep 30 June

2015 31 Mar

2014 31 Dec

2014

2014

30 Sep 30 June

5,800 -1,695 4,105

5,470 -1,690
3,780

5,325 -1,685 3,640

5,135 -1,670 3,465

5,045 -1,635 3,410

2,725 -775 1,950

2,650 -760 1,890

2,745 -800 1,945

2,730 -800 1,930

2,650 -795 1,855

2,600 -785 1,815

-490 -490 -480 -440 -425 -175 -175 -170 -165 -165 -165

505 470 420 355 340 560 500 410 220 200 180 4,120 3,760 3,580 3,380 3,325 2,335 2,215 2,185 1,985 1,890 1,830

-1,040 -1,025 -1,010 -930 -880 -530 -575 -575 -585 -580 -580

-445 -445 -380 -400 -410

2,635 2,290 2,190 2,050 2,035 1,805 1,640 1,610 1,400 1,310 1,250

-570 -490 -470 -440 -439 -397 -361 -354 -308 -288 2,065 1,800 1,720 1,610 1,596 1,408 1,279 1,256 1,092 1,021

-275 975

1,865 1,600 1,520 1,410 1,396 1,208 1,079 1,056 892 821 775 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200

Profit from property management before tax according to current earning capacity per ordinary share, SEK

13.52 11.92 11.55 10.73 10.64 9.88 8.87 8.68 7.39 6.83 6.47

4 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-216

C onsolidated statem ent offin an cialposition in du din y liste d associated com panies a t m arket value

Under IFRS, Collector AB (publ) and Brinova Fastigheter AB (publ) should not be recognised at market value when Balder reports its participation in the profit from associated companies from these companies. In order to clarify the listed associ ated companies at market value, Collector and Brinova is reported below at the share price as of 31 December. Brinova Fastigheter AB (publ) is included from 30 September 2016, when the company was listed.

SEKm
Assets Investment properties Other fixed assets Participations in associated companies 1>2) Other receivables Cash and cash equivalents and financial investments Total assets

2016 31 Dec

2015 31 Dec

86,177 136
6,673 1,357 1,592 95,935

68,456 122
6,549 1,497 1,025 77,649

Shareholders' equity and liabilities Shareholders' equity 3) Deferred tax liability Interest-bearing liabilities Derivatives Other liabilities Total equity and liabilities
1) Including Balder's market value o f Collector AB (publ) Collector's share price (SEK) 2) Including Balder's market value o f Brinova Fastigheter AB (publ) Brinova's share price (SEK) 3) O f w hich non-controlling interests

36,791 5,808 49,580 1,547 2,209 95,935
4,661
103.00 282
15.30
5,540

29,325 4,071 41,063 1,294 1,896 77,649
5,224 127.00
-
4,377

C onsolidated statem ent of changes in equity

SEKm
Opening equity Total comprehensive income for the period/year Dividend preference shares, approved and entered as a liability Share issue, after issue costs Transactions with non-controlling interests Dividend to non-controlling interests Non-controlling interests, arising on the acquisitions of subsidiary Non-controlling interests, arising on share issue in subsidiary The change during the period of listed associated companies at market value Closing equity

2016 31 Dec
29,325 6,507 -200 1,780 -107 -107 554 -962
36,791

2015 31 Dec
14,261 4,909 -200 1,705 4,377 4,273
29,325

F-217

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 5

R esults, Income and costs

Profit from property management Profit from property management for the year amounted to SEK 2,653m (1,780). Profit from property management attri butable to parent company shareholders increased by 27 % and amounted to SEK 2,265 m (1,780), which corresponds to an increase per ordinary share by 22 % to SEK 11.89 (9.71). Profit from property management includes SEK 419m (457) in respect of associated companies.
Net profit after tax Net profit after tax for the year amounted to SEK 6,093 m (4.916) . Net profit after tax for the period attributable to parent company shareholders amounted to SEK 5,474m (4.916) , corresponding to SEK 30.38 per ordinary share (28.98). Profit before tax was affected by changes in value in respect of properties of SEK 4,932m (3,388), changes in value of interest rate derivatives of SEK -114m (227) and profit from participations in associated companies of SEK 590m (831).
Rental income Rental income increased by 98 % to SEK 5,373m (2,711). The increase was primarily due to Sato Oyj, whose income sta tement was consolidated for the first time from January 1, 2016. The leasing portfolio was estimated to have a rental value on 31 December of SEK 6,089m (5,257). The average rental level for the entire real estate portfolio amounted to SEK 1,583/sq.m. (1,508) excl. project properties.
Rental income shows a considerable diversification of risks as regards tenants, sectors and locations. The econo mic occupancy rate amounted to 95 % (96) on 31 December. The total rental value of unlet areas at the end of the year amounted to SEK 289m (182) on an annual basis.
Property costs Property costs amounted to SEK 1,693 m (767) during the year. The increase in property costs was mainly due to the consolidation of Sato Oyj.
Net operating income increased by 89 % to SEK 3,679m (1,944), which implies a surplus ratio of 68 % (72). Operating costs normally vary with the seasons. The first and fourth quarters have higher costs than the other quar ters, while the third quarter usually has the lowest cost level.
Changes in value of investment properties Balder carried out an individual valuation on 31 December of the entire real estate portfolio (see page 9). Unrealised chan ges in value during the year amounted to SEK 4,847m (3,323). Realised changes in value amounted to SEK 85m (65).

The average yield requirement as of 31 December amounted to 5.3 % (5.4). The change in value during the year was attributable to improved net operating income and a slightly reduced yield requirement.
Management and administrative costs Management and administrative costs amounted to SEK 488 m (185) during the year. The increase was mainly due to the consolidation of Sato Oyj.
Participations in the profits of associated companies Balder owns property managing and project developing associated companies and 44.1 % in Collector AB (publ) which is listed. During September was Balders associated company Brinova Fastigheter AB (publ) listed, Balder's share amounts to 25.5 % as of 31 December.
In order to clarify these associated companies value in Balder, Balder also reports a consolidated statement of financial position including listed associated companies at market value (see page 5).
During the year 49 % of the shares in Sjaelso Management ApS were acquired. Sjaelso Management is one of the major actors in project development and construction manage ment in Denmark.
Profit from participations in associated companies amounted to SEK 590m (831) and Balder's participation in the associated companies profit from property management amounted to SEK 419m (457).
Profit before tax was impacted by unrealised changes in value in respect of properties and interest rate derivatives of SEK 343m (410).
Net financial items and changes in value of derivatives Net financial items amounted to SEK -973m (-437) and changes in value of interest rate derivatives amounted to SEK -114m (227). The negative change in value of derivati ves during the year is due to the fact that the interest rates have fallen during the year. Unrealised changes in value do not affect the cash flow.
Net financial items are equivalent to borrowing at an average interest rate of 2.1 % (1.8) during the year, including the effect of accrued interest from interest rate derivatives.
Taxes Balder's tax cost for the year amounted to SEK -1,550 m (-862) of which SEK -226m (4) is current tax for the year, mainly attributable to the consolidation of Sato Oyj, and also a deferred tax expense of SEK -1,325 m (-866). Current tax attributable to parent company shareholders amounted to SEK -135m (4).

6 fASTiCHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-218

The group's deferred tax liability has been calculated as the value of the net of fiscal deficits and the temporary differences between the carrying amounts and values for tax purposes of properties and interest rate derivatives. Deferred tax liabilities amounted to SEK 5,808m (4,071).
Fourth quarter 2016 Profit from property management for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased by 54 % and amounted to SEK 742m (482). Profit from property management attributable to parent com pany shareholders for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased by 35 % and amounted to SEK 650m (482) which corresponds to an increase per ordinary share of 28 % to SEK 3.39 (2.64).
Profit from property management included SEK 125m (128) in respect of associated companies. Rental income amounted to SEK 1,427m (680) and property costs amounted to SEK 425 m (172), which meant that net operating income increased by 97 % to SEK 1,002m (508). The increase compared to the same period last year is mainly due to the consolidation of Sato Oyj from 1 January 2016. The surplus ratio amounted to 70 % (75). The decline in the surplus ratio is due to the consolidation of Sato Oyj, which primarily owns residential properties, with generally higher property costs compared to commercial properties.
Net profit after tax for the period amounted to SEK 2,704m (2,506). Profit after tax attributable to parent company share holders amounted to SEK 2,536 (2,506) corresponding to SEK 14.05 per ordinary share (14.99). The result was affected by changes in value in respect of properties of SEK 2,211m (2,017), changes in value of interest rate derivatives of SEK 312m (197) and profit from participations in associated companies of SEK 236m (359). The average yield requirement on 31 December amounted to 5.3 % which is unchanged com pared to September 2016.
Cash flow Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital amounted to SEK 2,119m (1,193). Investing activities have burdened the cash flow by SEK 8,385m (5,635).
During the year, acquisition of properties of SEK 7,648m (2,097), investments in existing properties and projects of SEK 1,843m (791), investments in property, plant and equip ment, financial investments and associated companies and transactions with non-controlling interests SEK 770m (4,857), dividends paid preference shares of SEK 200m (200) and divi

dends paid to non-controlling interests SEK 107m (-) adds up to SEK 10,568m (7,945).
These have been financed through cash flow from opera ting activities of SEK 2,876m (762), by property divestments of SEK 1,651m (1,606), financial investments of SEK 225m (504), new issue of SEK 1,780m (1,705), new issue in the subsidiary Sato Oyj of SEK 420m (-), and net borrowings of SEK 5,382m (3,788), which adds up to SEK 11,236m (8,365).
Total cash flow for the year amounted to SEK 667m (421). In addition to unutilised credit facilities of SEK 4,827m (4,545), the group's cash and cash equivalents, financial Investments and unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK 1,942m (1,339) on 31 December.
Employees and organisation The number of employees on 31 December amounted to 546 persons (522), of whom 255 were women (234). Balder is, after the acquisition of Sato Oyj, organised into six regions with 17 areas in total. The head office with group wide functions is located in Gothenburg.
Parent Company The parent company's operations mainly consist of perfor ming group-wide services but an important part relates to sales of services, principally to associated companies. Sales in the parent company amounted to SEK 209m (147) during the year.
Net profit after tax amounted to SEK 1,311m (1,061). Divi dend from subsidiary were included with SEK 1,430m (800), and unrealised changes in value of interest rate derivatives amounted to SEK -151m (199) and group contributions paid amounted to -568m (-340).
Proposed dividend The board intends propose to the annual general meeting that no dividend shall be declared for ordinary shares (-) and that a dividend of SEK 20 per share (20) shall be paid for pre ference shares.
Annual Report and Annual General Meeting The annual report for 2016 will be available on Balder's website, www.balder.se, from week 14, 2017. Fastighets AB Balder's annual general meeting will take place on Thursday, 11 May 2017 at 4.00 p.m. at Radisson BLU Scan dinavia Hotel, Sdra Hamngatan 59, in Gothenburg.

F-219

fASTiCHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 7

Real estate holdings

On 31 December Balder owned 1,220 properties (1,177) with a lettable area of 3,806 sq.m. (3,430) and a value of SEK 86,177m (68,456), including project properties. Balder's total rental value excluding project properties amounted to SEK 6,025m (5,173). Balder's commercial properties are

mainly located in the central parts of large cities. Balder's residential properties are located in metropolitan areas and places that are growing and developing positively. Balder's ambition is to continue growing in selected markets.

Solderis /te a lestate holdings m 2 0 t6 -t2 -3 t

Number of Lettable area, Rental value, Rental value,

properties

sq.m.

SEKm

SEK/sq.m.

Distributed by region Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North Total Project Total

501 61 194 71 314 79 1,220

1,010,505 533,904 903,206 418,022 758,121 181,755
3,805,512

1,220 3,805,512

2,122 927
1,150 624 992 209
6,025 64
6,089

2,100 1,736 1,274 1,493 1,309 1,150 1,583
1,583

Rental income,
SEKm

Economic occupancy
rate, %

Carrying amount,
SEKm

Carrying amount, %

2,025 867
1,108 580 949 206
5,736 64
5,800

95

24,393

28

94

15,797

18

96

17,053

20

93

10,368

12

96

11,021

13

99

3,086

4

95

81,718

95

4,459

5

95

86,177

100

Distributed by property category

Residential

1,020

Office

68

Retail

89

Other

43

Total

1,220

Project

Total

1,220

2,531,547 432,228 499,778 341,960
3,805,512
3,805,512

3,973 865 598 588
6,025 64
6,089

1,569 2,002 1,197 1,718 1,583
1,583

3,819 783 569 565
5,736 64
5,800

96

48,775

57

90

14,139

16

95

9,154

11

96

9,650

11

95

81,718

95

4,459

5

95

86,177

100

1) The above table refers to the properties owned by Balder at the end o f the period. Sold properties have been excluded and acquired properties
have been estimated using full-year values. Other properties include hotel, educational, nursing, industrial and mixed-use properties.

Distributed by region including projects, %
Helsinki, 30 resund, 13 Gothenburg, 20 ---------- North, 4 Stockholm, 19
East, 13

Distributed by property category including projects, %
Residential, 61 -------Office, 17 -------Other, 11
Retail, 11

8 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-220

Changes in w ealestate portfolio

The value of Balder's real estate portfolio is based on inter nal valuations. The properties in Sweden, Denmark and Norway have been valued using the cash flow based met hod. In Finland, in addition to the cash flow based method, the sales comparison method and valuation at acquisition cost are used. On 31 December, Balder's average yield requi rement amounted to 5.3 % (5.4) excluding project and deve lopment properties.
In order to quality-assure its internal valuations, Balder regularly allows parts of its portfolio to be externally valued during the period or at each year-end. During the year, Balder has externally valued approximately 40 % of the pro perties, including Sato's property portfolio. The external valuation was less than 1 per cent higher than Balder's inter nal valuation at year-end. Historically, deviations between external and internal valuations have been insignificant.
Project real estate On 31 December, Balder had ongoing residential projects with an expected total investment of SEK 8,000m, of which about SEK 4,000m was already invested. The most large scale investments are in Copenhagen and Helsinki and mainly relate to condominiums for rent. In Copenha gen, there are currently about 1,400 apartments under construction as well as about 1,300 apartments in Hel sinki.

Unrealised changes in value The overall carrying amount of Balder's properties amoun ted to SEK 86,177m (68,456) on 31 December. The unreali sed change in value during the period amounted to SEK 4,847m (3,323) and was attributable to improved net operating income and slightly lower yield.
Investments, acquisitions and divestments During the year, a total of SEK 13,185 m (2,974) was invested, of which SEK 11,342m (28,660) related to acqui sitions and SEK 1,843m (791) related to investments in existing properties and projects.
The majority of the acquisitions during the year refers to acquisitions in Sato Oyj and the acquired properties from the group I.A. Hedin Fastighet AB. Properties with a sales value of SEK 1,990 m (1,613) were divested during the year. Profit from property sales amounted to SEK 85m (65). The change in the real estate portfolio during the period is presented in the table below.

Change in carrying am ountofproperties
Real estate portfolio, 1 January Investments in existing properties and projects Acquisitions Sales/Reclassifi cations Change in value of investment properties, unrealised Currency changes Real estate portfolio, 31 December
1) Num ber o f investm ent properties.

2016 SEKm Number 1

68,456 1,843
11,342 -1,905 4,847
1,593 86,177

1,177 116 -73
1,220

2015 SEKm Number 1

37,382 791
28,660 -1,542
3,323 -158 68,456

486 714 -23
1,177

F-221

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 9

Propert y tranA/act lmA 20/6

Q uarter

N um ber Nam e of property

Acquisitions

One

1

One

1

Two

53

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Two

1

Three

6

Four

8

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Lorensberg 45:20 Sato Oyj Sato Oyj Hgskolan Hedmark, Elverum Lindholmen 29:1 Heden 47:3 Hotel sterport, Kpenhamn Sato Oyj Sato Oyj Plutonen 1 Gothenburg Tuve 116:6 Hgsbo 36:8 Visionen 4 Hede 4:14 Krra 32:22 Leoparden 2 Pianot 5 Hgsbo 36:2 Kardanen 4 Gaslyktan 2 Frlandsgrdet 2 Fullriggaren 1 Smedjan 3 Presenten 1 Krra 95:3 Presenten 2 Krra 73:1-2 Varmvattnet 3 Fordonet 1 Alptans 1 Paletten 2 Papegojan 1 Grvmaskinen 23 Denmarks-Sby 11:1 Stjrnregnet 1 Stenalyckan 2 Eketnga 24:47 Eketnga 24:20 Hammar 9:184 Topplocket 1 Hstklken 3 Sjtungan 1 Linn 9 Anderstorp 8:16 Taktckaren 6 Automobilen 1

Gothenburg Finland Finland Norway Gothenburg Gothenburg Denmark Finland Finland Bors Gothenburg Gothenburg Jnkping Kungsbacka Gothenburg Mlndal Mlndal Gothenburg Varberg Mlndal Uddevalla Trollhttan Alingss Mlndal Gothenburg Mlndal Gothenburg Stockholm Karlskoga Stockholm Linkping Linkping Sdertlje Uppsala rebro Halmstad Halmstad Halmstad Kristianstad Kristianstad Malm Vrnamo Ljungby Gislaved 훞gelholm Malm

Property category

Lettable area, sq.m .

Hote Residential Residential Education Office Office Hote Residential Residential Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai Retai

3,662 1,652 123,089 16,393 12,223 7,541 6,325 27,257 17,249 13,120 3,213 2,448 22,833 4,177 2,800 22,640 2,329 6,053 3,847 3,564 5,651 2,200 3,222 13,577 7,209 2,325 4,372 33,009 1,660 9,794 5,757 7,805 2,391 21,439 4,341 3,750 3,220 5,836 5,135 6,509 2,290 5,349 1,975 1,500 6,760 8,045

10 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-222

Cont. Property transactions20/6

Q uarter

N um ber Nam e of property

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Four

1

Total

116

Divestments

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

1

One

6

Two

4

Three

1

Three

1

Three

1

Three

1

Three

1

Three

7

Four

1

Four

21

Total

71

Kopparkisen 13 Tgarp 16:12 Huggjrnet 10 Skrddaren 5 Zirkonen 3 Verkstaden 11, Snickeriet 16-17
Miklaholt 2 Backa 170:1 Advokaten 1 Rnnen 11 Sotaren 12 Byggmstaren 5 Pltslagaren 9 Rdhuset 40 Tallen 7 Frigga 4 Frigga 5 Fjrilen 6 Svrdet 11 Bromsen 5 Bisittaren 6 Bisittaren 2 Smrberget 2 Almen 4 Slndan 1 Plymen 4, 5 Tor 6 Heimdal 1 Heimdal 4 Tyr 1 Boken 38 Aspen 1 Tor 10 Sato Oyj Sato Oyj Mjlaryd 3:300 Hlan 6:2 Lejoninnan 10 Bjrnen 6 Tigern 7 Sato Oyj Resedan 15 Sato Oyj

Lund Burlv Helsingborg 훞gelholm Helsingborg Trelleborg
Stockholm Gothenburg Treboda Treboda Treboda Treboda Treboda Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Skara Finland Finland Jnkping Jnkping Jnkping Jnkping Jnkping Finland Vnersborg Finland

Property category

Lettable area, sq.m .

Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail

4,804 3,360 11,110 1,172 5,500 1,820 505,302

Office Other Retail Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Residential Office Residential Residential Residential Residential

1,916 3,500 2,128 1,039
976 1,381 1,849 2,103
852 824 828 350 412 534 300 354 410 709 1,434 705 1,141 682 672 680 967 1,465 689 2,946 2,169 2,948 10,280 11,161 949 6,001 28,458 2,406 36,004 132,222

F-223

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 11

A ssociated companies

Balder owns 50 % of a number of companies where Balder handles the management and administration, for further information, see page 50-52 in Balder's Annual Report for 2015. In addition during the year, Trenum AB has become an associated company. In Trenum AB Balder is a 50 %-owner together with the Third Swedish National Pension Fund. Balder's 50 %-owned associated companies are shown in

the table below. Apart from the 50 %-owned associated companies, Balder owns 44.1 % (44.1) in Collector AB (publ), 31 % (31) of Tornet Bostadsproduktion AB, 25.5 % (35) of Brinova Fastigheter AB (publ) and 49 % (-) in Sjaels Mana gement ApS. For more information about these associated companies, see each companys website: Collector.se, Tornet.se, Brinova.se and Sjaelsoemanagement.dk.

Baldertstparticipation in the 50 %o-owned associated companiesrea lestate holdings on 20t6-t2-3)

Number of Lettable area, Rental value,

properties 2)

sq.m.

SEKm

Economic

Rental value, Rental income, occupancy rate,

SEK/sq.m.

SEKm

%

Carrying amount,
SEKm

Carrying amount, %

Distributed by region Stockholm Gothenburg

45 108,794

164

1,508

160

11

47,506

58

1,213

54

98

2,649

44

93

892

15

resund

25

62,536

91

1,455

89

98

1,344

22

Total

81 218,836

313

1,429

303

97

4,885

82

Project Total

21

21

81 218,836

333

1,429

324

1,106

18

97

5,991

100

Distributed by property category

Residential

27

45,453

69

1,524

68

Office

11

29,315

55

1,871

50

Retail

34 94,964

105

1,111

103

Other

9 49,104

83

1,692

83

Total

81 218,836

313

1,429

303

Project

21

21

Total

81 218,836

333

1,429

324

98

1,329

22

91

900

15

98

1,512

25

99

1,145

19

97

4,885

82

1,106

18

97

5,991

100

1) The above table refers to the properties owned by the associated companies at the end o f the period. Sold properties have been excluded and acqui red properties have been estimated using full-year values. O ther properties include hotel, educational, nursing, industrial and mixed-use properties.
2) Refers to the entire portfolio of the associated companies.

B aldersparticipation in the balance sheets of 5 0 %o-owned associated com panies

SEKm

2016 31 Dec

2015 31 Dec

Assets Properties Other assets Cash and cash equivalents Total assets

5,991 54
203 6,248

4,414 247 61
4,723

Shareholders' equity and liabilities Equity/shareholder loan Interest-bearing liabilities Other liabilities Total equity and liabilities

2,549 3,319
379 6,248

1,726 2,501
496 4,723

Distributed by region including projects, %
Stockholm,49 --------------------Gothenburg, 20----------resund, 31-----------------
Distributed by property category including projects, %
Residential, Retail, 25 Office, 21 Other, 23

12 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-224

Customers

In order to limit the risk of lower rental income and conse quently a weakened occupancy rate, Balder strives to deve lop long-term relationships with the company's existing customers. Balder has a good diversification as regards the distribution between commercial properties and residential properties as well as the geographical distribution. The diversification strengthens the possibilities of maintaining a

steady and satisfactory occupancy rate. Balder's commercial leases have an average lease term of 7.1 years (6.3). Balder's 10 largest leases represent 5.6 % (6.1) of total rental income and the average lease term amounts to 11.8 years (11.1). No individual lease accounts for more than 0.8 % (0.9) of Balder's total rental income and no individual customer accounts for more than 4.0 % (2.7) of total rental income.

Lease m jatttrty stru ctu re 2016-12-3!
Maturity date
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021Total Residential 11 Car park 11 Garage 11 Total
1) Normally runs subject to a period of notice of three months.

Number of leases Proportion, %

1,071

37

694

24

491

17

329

11

329

11

2,914

100

38,000

5,879

4,529

51,322

Contracted rent, SEKm Proportion, %

176

3

237

4

270

5

222

4

1,095

19

2,000

34

3,740

64

17

0

43

1

5,800

100

Rental income
SEKm
6 ,0 0 0

Maturity structure of commercial lease contracts
SEKm 700
600

500
4 ,0 0 0
400
3 ,0 0 0
300

llllllil 200
100
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Rental income

Rolling annual value

Annual rental income per maturity

per 2016-12-31
 I. A. Hedin Bil AB  ICA Sverige AB  Kopparbergs Bryggerier  Norwegian State  Profilhotels  Scandic Hotels AB  SCA Hygiene Products AB  City of Stockholm  Stureplansgruppen  Winn Hotel Group

F-225

fASTiCHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 13

Equity Consolidated equity, including listed associated companies at market value, amounted to SEK 36,791m (29,325) on 31 December and the equity/assets ratio amounted to 38.3 % (37.8).
During the year, equity increased by comprehensive income for the period of SEK 6,507m (4,909), new issue after issue costs of SEK 1,780m (1,705) and the minoritys part of the new issue in Sato Oyj of SEK 554m (-). Equity decreased by SEK -200 m (-200) regarding dividends approved and ente red as a liability to the preference shareholders, decreased by SEK -107m (-) regarding dividends to non-controlling inte rests, the change in market value of the holding in Collector AB (publ) and Brinova Fastigheter AB (publ) SEK -962m (4,273) and decreased by SEK -107m (-) regarding transac tions with non-controlling interests.

Interest-bearing liabilities The majority of Balder's liabilities are revolving bilateral lia bilities with eight different Nordic banks. Apart from bank financing, Balder has outstanding bonds totalling SEK 10,972m (7,865) and outstanding certificates of SEK 3,002m (2,680). The secured liabilities in relation to total assets amounted to 39.6 % (42.2) on 31 December.

F inan cialta rg e ts

Equity/assets ratio, %

min.

Net debt to assets, %

max.

lnterest coverage ratio, times min.

Target
35.0 55.0 2.0

Outcome 1)
38.3 50.0
3.7

On 31 December, Balder had credit facilities of SEK 4,827m (4,745) of which SEK 4,827m (4,545) were unutilised. Apart from these facilities, Balder had cash and cash equivalents, unutilised overdrafts and financial investments of SEK 1,942m (1,339). Balder also has credit facilities that fully covers future payments for ongoing construction projects. The interest rate refixing period and fixed credit term amounted to 2.4 years (2.9) and 4.2 years (4.4). During December Balder obtained a credit rating of 'Baa3' from Moody's with a stable outlook. The rating primarily reflects the Company's focus on stable rental housing properties in Sweden and Finland as well as the prime locations of its commercial properties in Sweden's largest cities and the company's conservative dividend policy.
Financial goals Balder's financial goals are an equity/assets ratio not less than 35 %, an interest coverage ratio not less than 2.0 times and a net debt to assets ratio of not higher than 55 %. The net debt to assets ratio is calculated as net interest-bearing liabilities divided by total assets including listed associated companies at market value. As of 31 December, the equity/ assets ratio was 38.3 % (37.8), the interest coverage ratio was 3.7 times (5.1) and the net debt to assets ratio was 50.0 % (51.6).
Net debt to assets
%

1) Key ratios including listed associated companies at market value.

Interestm aturity stru ctu re on 2 0 t6 -t2 -3 t

Fixed interest term

Year

SEKm Interest, % Proportion, %

Within one year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years > 5 years Total

25,975 4,742 1,959 4,416 7,736 4,752
49,580

1.0

52

4.6

10

3.3

4

2.7

9

3.0

16

3.0

10

2.1!

100

Fixedcred it term on 2016-12-31

Fixed credit term

Year

SEKm

Proportion, %

Within one year

16,174

33

1-2 years

5,115

10

2-3 years

8,677

18

3-4 years

6,199

13

4-5 years

5,268

11

> 5 years

8,147

16

Total

49,580

100

14 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-226

Net debt to assets, %
Fixed interest term
Month
Fixed interest term, month

Other discloAures

Events after the end of the year Fastighets AB Balder has, in two different transactions, sold all properties in Trans, Falkping, Arboga and Kping. The lettable area amounts to 221,000 square meters and it has been assigned a property value of just over SEK 2 billion. Balder's sales exceed book values by approximately SEK 130 million, corresponding to 7% and will be recorded in the second quarter 2017. After the end of the reporting period no other significant events has occured.
Related party transactions Balder receives fees from associated companies and Erik Selin Fastigheter AB for property and company manage ment services. These fees amounted to SEK 34m (29) during the year and are reported in management and admi nistrative costs. In addition, sevices are bought from Collec tor AB (publ).
Risks and uncertainties Balder's operations, financial position and results may be affected by a number of risks and uncertainty factors. These are described in the Annual Report for 2015, on pages 53-55. Otherwise, no significant changes has been noterats.
Accounting policies Balder applies IFRS (International Financial Reporting Stan dards) as adopted by the European Union in its consolida ted accounts and the interpretations of these (IFRIC). This interim report is prepared in accordance with IAS 34, Inte rim Financial Reporting. In addition, relevant provisions of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the Swedish Securi ties Markets Act have also been applied. The parent com pany has prepared its financial statements in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act, the Securities Markets Act and RFR 2, Accounting for Legal Entities.

The accounting policies and calculation methods applied are unchanged compared with the Annual Report for 2015. The company has applied the new guidelines for alterna tive key ratios, "Alternative Performance Measures" (APMs) by ESMA. Definitions of the key ratios are found on page 25.
The Board's proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2017 Ahead of the annual general meeting on 11 May 2017, the board intends to propose that the meeting should pass resolutions regarding the following matters:
 That no dividend shall be declared for the ordinary share.  Dividend of SEK 20.00 shall be declared per preference
share.  Authorise the board until the next annual general mee
ting, to repurchase and transfer B shares and pre ference shares in Balder equivalent to not more than 10 % of all shares in the company.  Authorise the board until the next annual general mee ting, on one or more occasions, to resolve on new issue of preference- and/or ordinary shares of Class B, cor responding to not more than 10 % of the existing share capital. It shall be possible to subscribe for the shares in cash, in kind or through right of set- off.
This interim report has been subject to review by the company's auditors.
Gothenburg 22 February 2017
Erik Selin Chief Executive Officer

F-227

fASTiCHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 15

Review report of condensed interim financial information (interim report) prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and Chap ter 9 of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act.
Introduction We have reviewed the condensed interim financial infor mation (interim report) for Fastighets AB Balder (publ), corp. id. no. 556525-6905 as of 31 December 2016 and for the twelve-month period that ended on this date. The Board of Directors and the President are responsible for the pre- paration and presentation of this interim financial informa- tion in accordance with IAS 34 and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act. Our responsibility is to express a con clusion on this interim report based on our review.
The focus and scope of the review We conducted our review in accordance with the Interna tional Standard on Review Engagements, ISRE 2410, Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Indepen dent Auditor of the Entity. A review of the interim report consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons respon sible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review has a dif ferent focus and is substantially smaller in scope than an

audit conducted in accordance with International Stan dards on Auditing (ISA) and other generally accepted audit ing practices. The procedures performed in a review do not ena- ble us to obtain a level of assurance that would make us aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, the conclusion expressed based on a review does not constitute the same level of assurance as a conclusion based on an audit.
Conclusion Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that give us reason to believe that the interim report, in all material respects, is not prepared for the Group in compli ance with IAS 34 and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and for the Parent Company in compliance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act.
Gothenburg, 22 February 2017 hrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB
Heln Olsson Svrdstrm Authorised Public Accountant

16 fASTiCHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-228

Consolidated statem entof cm prehenAl/e (nam e

SEKm
Rental income Property costs Net operating income

2016 Oct-Dec
1,427 -425 1,002

2015 Oct-Dec
680 -172
508

2016 Jan-Dec
5,373 -1,693 3,679

2015 Jan-Dec
2,711 -767 1,944

Changes in value of properties, realised Changes in value of properties, unrealised Other income/costs Non-recurring items Management and administrative costs Participations in the profits of associated companies Operating profit
Net financial items Changes in value of derivatives Profit before tax
Tax Net profit for the period/year
Net profit after taxfor the period/year attributable to: Parent company shareholders Non-controlling interests
Other comprehensive income - Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Translation difference relating to foreign operations Cash flow hedges after tax Participation in other comprehensive income of associated companies Total comprehensive income for the period/year
Total comprehensive incomefo r the period/year attributable to: Parent company shareholders Non-controlling interests
Profit from property management before tax, SEKm 11 Profit from property management before tax, attributable to parent company shareholders, SEKm 11 Profit from property management before tax per ordinary share, SEK 2) Profit after tax per ordinary share, SEK 2)
1) Including profit from property m anagem ent from Balder's participation in associa ted companies. 2) Reduced by dividend for the preference share for the period.
There is no dilutive e ffect as no potential shares arise.
F-229

23 2,188
10 -130 236 3,328
-264 312
3,376
-672 2,704

1 2,016
1 9 -50 359 2,844
-105 197
2,936
-431 2,506

85 4,847
17 -488 590 8,730
-973 -114 7,643
-1,550 6,093

65 3,323
2 9 -185 831 5,988
-437 227
5,778
-862 4,916

2,536 168
2,704

2,506 -
2,506

5,474 619
6,093

4,916 -
4,916

-75 87 0
2,716

-18 -7
2,482

438 -26
2 6,507

3 -10 4,909

2,549 167
2,716
742
650 3.39 14.05

2,482 -
2,482
482
482 2.64 14.99

5,685 823
6,507
2,653
2,265 11.89 30.38

4,909 -
4,909
1,780
1,780 9.71
28.98

125

128

419

457

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 17

Consolidatedstatementoffin an cialtposition

SEKm
Assets Investment properties Other fixed assets Participations in associated companies Other receivables Cash and cash equivalents and financial investments Total assets

2016 31 Dec

2015 31 Dec

86,177 136
3,362 1,357 1,592 92,623

68,456 122
2,276 1,497 1,025 73,376

Shareholders' equity and liabilities Shareholders' equity 1) Deferred tax liability Interest-bearing liabilities Derivatives Other liabilities Total equity and liabilities
1) O f w hich non-controlling interests.

33,479 5,808 49,580 1,547 2,209 92,623
5,540

25,052 4,071 41,063 1,294 1,896 73,376
4,377

Consolictatedstatementofokanyesin equity

SEKm
Opening equity Total comprehensive income for the period/year Dividend preference shares, approved and entered as a liability Share issue, after issue costs Transactions with non-controlling interests Dividend to non-controlling interests Non-controlling interests arising on the acquisition of subsidiary Non-controlling interests arising on share issue in subsidiary Closing equity

2016 31 Dec
25,052 6,507 -200 1,780 -107 -107 554
33,479

2015 31 Dec
14,261 4,909 -200 1,705 4,377 -
25,052

18 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-230

C onsolidated statem ent of cash flow s

SEKm
Net operating income Other income/costs Management and administrative costs Reversal of depreciation Adjustment item Net financial items paid Taxes paid Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital

2016 Oct-Dec
1,002 10
-130 0 -
-258 -21 603

2015 Oct-Dec
508 1
-50 4 4
-154 6
319

2016 Jan-Dec
3,679 17
-488 11 -
-939 -160 2,119

2015 Jan-Dec
1,944 2
-185 15 0
-586 4
1,193

Change in operating receivables Change in operating liabilities Cash flow from operating activities

161

-126

176

-660

141

-87

580

228

904

107

2,876

762

Acquisition of properties Acquisition/Divestment of property, plant and equipment Purchase of financial investments Acquisition of shares in associated companies Investment in existing properties and projects Acquisition of subsidiary 11 Transactions with non-controlling interests Sale of properties Sale of financial investments Cash flow from investing activities

-3,233 -7
-102 -51 -311
650 -3,054

-2 2
-19 -4 -191 -1,676
3 11 -1,875

-7,648 -25 -145
-493 -1,843
-107 1,651
225 -8,385

-2,097 -4
-542 -92 -791
-4,219 -
1,606 504
-5,635

Share issue, after issue costs Share issue in subsidiary, non-controlling interest's part of the share issue in Sato Oyj Dividend paid for preference shares Dividend paid to non-controlling interests Loans raised Amortisation/redemption of loans sold properties/changes in overdraft facilities Cash flow from financing activities

-50 -
3,262
-1,403 1,808

1,705
-50 -
615
-446 1,824

682
420 -200 -107 10,783
-5,401 6,177

1,705
-200 -
5,209
-1,421 5,293

Cash flow for the period/year Cash and cash equivalents at the start of the period/year Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period/year
Unutilised credit facilities Financial investments
1) The item in 2015 represents a net o utflow o f cash for the acquisition o f Sato Oyj.

-341

55

667

421

1,628

565

620

199

1,287

620

1,287

620

350

314

350

314

305

405

305

405

F-231

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 19

SEKm
Rental income Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North Total
Net operating income Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North Total

2016 Oct-Dec

2015 Oct-Dec

2016 Jan-Dec

2015 Jan-Dec

506 221 280 131 236
52 1,427

-

1,901

-

202

819

843

241

1,030

938

108

496

414

88

933

352

41

193

164

680

5,373

2,711

302 167 223 105 167
37 1,002

1,224

157

610

643

171

743

650

88

405

315

64

566

233

28

130

103

508

3,679

1,944

The group's internal reporting o f operations is divided into the above segm ents. Total net operating income corresponds with reported net operating incom e in the incom e statem ent. The difference between net operating income o f SEK 3,679 m (1,944) and profit before ta x o f SEK 7,643 m (5,778) consists o f changes in value o f properties o f SEK 4,932 m (3,388), other incom e/costs SEK 17m (2), non-recurring item s SEK 0 m (9), m anagem ent and adm inistrative costs o f SEK -4 8 8 m (-185), participations in profits o f associated com panies o f SEK 590 m (831), net financial item s o f SEK -9 7 3 m (-4 3 7 ) and changes in value o f derivatives o f SEK -1 1 4 m (227).

SEKm
Investment properties Helsinki Stockholm Gothenburg resund East North Total carrying amount excluding project Project Total carrying amount including project

2016 31 Dec

2015 31 Dec

24,393 15,797 17,053 10,368 11,021 3,086 81,718 4,459 86,177

19,595 13,550 12,887 6,581 9,085 2,178 63,876 4,581 68,456

The carrying am ounts o f properties has during the year changed by investm ents, aquisitions, divestm ents and unrealised changes in value, with SEK 4,798 m in Helsinki region, SEK 2,247m in the Stockholm region, SEK 4,166 m in the G othenburg region, SEK 3,787m in the Oresund region, SEK 908m in the North region and by SEK 1,936m in the East region. The group's projects has decreased by SEK 122m. Sato's property portfolio is divided between the regions Helsinki and East. The real estate holdings in Norway is classified in the North region.

20 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-232

Share-related, ordinary shares 1) Average number of shares, thousands Profit after tax, SEK Profit after tax excluding unrealised changes in value, SEK Profit from property management before tax, SEK Net operating income, SEK Outstanding number o f shares, thousands Shareholders' equity, SEK Long-term net asset value (EPRA NAV), SEK Share price on the closing date, SEK
Property-related
Rental value full-year, SEK/sq.m. Rental income full-year, SEK/sq.m. Economic occupancy rate, % Surplus ratio, % Carrying amount, SEK/sq.m. Number of properties Lettable area, sq.m. thousands Profit from property management before tax, attributable to parent company shareholders, SEKm
Financial
Return on equity, ordinary share, % Return on total assets, % Interest coverage ratio, times Equity/assets ratio, % Debt/equity ratio, times Net debt to assets, %

2016 Oct-Dec

2015 Oct-Dec

2016 Jan-Dec

2015 Jan-Dec

176,965 14.05
2.68 3.39 4.62 180,000 157.63 198.49 184.10

163,825 14.99

173,598 30.38

3.01 2.64 3.10 172,397 128.03 159.14 208.70

9.37 11.89 17.02 180,000 157.63 198.49 184.10

162,753 28.98
10.00 9.71
11.94 172,397 128.03
159.14 208.70

1,583 1,507
95 70 21,473 1,220 3,806
650

1,508 1,455
96 75 18,622 1,177 3,430
482

1,583 1,507
95 68 21,473 1,220 3,806
2,265

1,508 1,455
96 72 18,622 1,177 3,430
1,780

14.4

20.8

20.9

28.2

6.9

7.3

9.9

10.5

3.8

5.6

3.7

5.1

38.3

37.8

38.3

37.8

1.3

1.4

1.3

1.4

50.0

51.6

50.0

51.6

Share-related, ordinary shares 1) Shareholders' equity, SEK
Financial Return on equity, ordinary share, % Return on total assets, % Equity/assets ratio, % Debt/equity ratio, times Net debt to assets, %
1) There is no dilutive effect as no potential shares arise.
F-233

2016 Oct-Dec

2015 Oct-Dec

2016 Jan-Dec

2015 Jan-Dec

139.23

103.24

139.23

103.24

16.8

25.1

24.6

32.3

7.2

7.7

10.4

10.9

36.1

34.1

36.1

34.1

1.5

1.6

1.5

1.6

51.8

54.6

51.8

54.6

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 21

SEKm
Net sales Administrative expenses Operating profit

income szOfement

2016 Oct-Dec
66 -63
3

2015 Oct-Dec
45 -51 -6

2016 Jan-Dec
209 -224 -14

2015 Jan-Dec
147 -167 -20

Profit from financial items Dividends from subsidiaries Other net financial items Changes in value of derivatives Profit before appropriations and taxes

1,430

800

135

136

579

492

299

185

-151

199

437

316

1,843

1,470

Appropriations Group contributions paid Profit before tax

-568 -131

-340 -24

-568 1,275

-340 1,130

Deferred tax Net profit for the period/year 11

31 -101

9

36

-69

-16

1,311

1,061

1) The parent com pany has no item s reported in other com prehensive incom e and therefore total com prehensive incom e for the period/year is equal with net profit for the period/year.

SEKm
Assets Property, plant and equipment Financial non-current assets Receivables from group companies Current receivables Cash and cash equivalents and financial investments Total assets
Shareholders' equity and liabilities Shareholders' equity Interest-bearing liabilities Liabilities to group companies Derivatives Other liabilities Total equity and liabilities

22 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-234

2016 31 Dec

2015 31 Dec

25 5,087 24,629
15 1,144 30,900

20 3,537 21,676
10 394 25,637

11,953 13,170 4,440
888 449 30,900

9,063 10,968 4,507
737 363 25,637

The share and owners

Balder's shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap segment. Balder has two listed classes of shares, an ordinary Class B share and a preference share, which pays a dividend of SEK 5 per quarter. The company's market capitalisation as of 31 December amounted to SEK 36,371m (39,099). The principal owner in Fastighets AB Balder is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which owns 34.5 % (35.9) of the capital and 48.2 % (49.5) of the votes. Foreign ownership amounts to approximately 20 % (22) of outstanding shares.
Ordinary shares At the end of the period, approximately 14,000 shareholders (9,300) held ordinary shares. During the period, 90.2 million shares were traded (67.7) which corresponds to an average of about 357,000 shares per trading day (270,000). The annual turnover rate amounted to 52 % (42). The price of the ordinary share was SEK 184.10 (208.70) on 31 December, corresponding to a decrease of 11.8 % since year-end.
Preference shares At the end of the period, approximately 9,300 shareholders (8,700) held preference shares. During the year approx imately 3.3 million shares were traded (3.3), which cor

responds to an average of about 13,000 shares per trading day (13,000). The annual turnover rate amounted to 33 % (33). On 31 December, the share price of the preference share was SEK 323.30 (312.00), corresponding to a rise of 3.6 % since year-end and a total return of 10.0 % since year-end.
Share capital During September, Balder carried out a directed new issue of 3,000,633 ordinary shares, which brought in SEK 681m after issue costs. For existing shareholders, the new issue meant a dilutive effect of 1.7 % of the capital. During December Balder carried out a set off issue of 4,602,515 ordinary shares, which brought in SEK 1,099m after issue costs. For existing shareholders, the new issue meant a dilu tive effect of 2.6 % of the capital. After the issues and as of 31 December, the share capital in Balder amounted to SEK 190,000,000 distributed among 190,000,000 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 1.00, where of 11,229,432 shares are of Class A, 168,770,568 of Class B and 10,000,000 preference shares. The total number of outstan ding shares amounts to 190,000,000. Each Class A share car ries one vote and each Class B share and preference share carries one tenth of one vote.

EPRA key ratios
EPRA NAV (Long-term net asset value), SEKm EPRA NAV, SEK per share EPRA Vacancy rate

Share p rice

SEK 2 5 0 .0

2 2 5 .0

2 0 0 .0

1 7 5 .0

1 5 0 .0

1 2 5 .0

1 0 0 .0

75.0

50.0

25.0

0,0

/ / / / / / / / / / / J 5 y a J5>

.> J S *

SF J S V J r

ja P

A j >

.5

F-235

2016 Jan-Dec
35,728 198.49
5

2015 Jan-Dec
27,436 159.14
4

&
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 23

Development of net asset value
SEK

Share price/Net asset value
% 200

2005 2006| 2007 2008 2009B2010 20112012 20132014 20152016 Net asset value (EPRA NAV) per ordinary share

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 20112012R013201420152016
Share price/Net asset value (EPRA NAV) per ordinary share

Ownership lis t a s of2 0 t6 -t2 -3 t

Owner

A ordinary shares B ordinary shares Preference shares

Erik Selin via company Arvid Svensson Invest AB Swedbank Robur fonder Lnsfrskringar fondfrvaltning AB JPM Chase Handelsbanken Fonder AB Anders Hedin Invest AB SEB Investment Management Lannebo fonder CBNY Norges Bank Other Total

8,309,328 2,915,892
4,212 11,229,432

57,210,900 13,542,540 11,707,995
7,571,909 6,671,346 6,343,346 5,000,000 3,304,313 2,950,000 2,614,143 51,854,076 168,770,568

500 -
80,781 -
9,918,719 10,000,000

Total number of shares Capital, %

65,520,728

34.5

16,458,432

8.7

11,707,995

6.2

7,571,909

4.0

6,752,127

3.6

6,343,346

3.3

5,000,000

2.6

3,304,313

1.7

2,950,000

1.6

2,614,143

1.4

61,777,007

32.5

190,000,000

100

Votes, %
48.2 14.7 4.0 2.6 2.3 2.2
1.7 1.1 1.0 0.9 21.2 100

Preference share calendar
Final day of trading incl. right to payment of dividend Record day for payment of dividend Expected day of payment from Euroclear Final day of trading incl. right to payment of dividend Record day for payment of dividend Expected day of payment from Euroclear Final day of trading incl. right to payment of dividend Record day for payment of dividend Expected day of payment from Euroclear

6 April 2017 10 April 2017 13 April 2017
6 July 2017 10 July 2017 13 July 2017 6 October 2017 10 October 2017 13 October 2017

24 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-236

Oefintttm A

The company presents a number offinancial metrics in the interim report that are not defined according to IFRS (so-called Alternative Performance Measures according to ESMA's guidelines). These performance measures provide valuable supplementary information to investors, the company's management and other stakeholders since theyfacilitate effective evaluation and analysis of the company's financial position and performance. These alternative performance measures are not always comparable with measures used by other companies and shall therefore be considered as a complement to measures defined according to IFRS. Fastighets AB Balder will apply these alternative performance measures consistently over time. The key ratios are alternative performance measures according to ESMA's guidelines unless otherwise stated. A descriptionfollows below of how Fastighets AB Balder's key ratio's are defined and cal culated.

F inancial

Share rela ted

Property rela ted

Return on equity, ordinary share, % Profit after tax reduced by preference share dividend for the period in relation to average equity after deduction of the preference capital. The values were con verted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value.
Return on total assets, % Profit before tax with addition of net financial items in relation to average balance sheet total. The values were con verted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations with the exception of changes in value.
Profit from property management before tax, SEKm 2) Profit before tax with reversal of changes in value and other income/costs. Reversal of changes in value and tax as regards participation in profits of associated companies also takes place.
Net debt to assets, % Interest-bearing liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and financial invest ments in relation to total assets.
Interest coverage ratio, times Profit before tax with reversal of net financial items, changes in value and changes in value and tax as regards parti cipation in profits of associated compa nies, in relation to net financial items.

Equity per ordinary share, SEK Shareholders' equity in relation to the number of outstanding ordinary shares at the end of the year after deduction of the preference capital.
Equity per preference share, SEK Shareholders equity' per preference share is equivalent to the average subs cription price of the preference share of SEK 287.70 per share.
Profit from property management per ordinary share, SEK Profit from property management redu ced by preference share dividend for the period divided by the average number of outstanding ordinary shares.
Average number of shares The number of outstanding shares at the start of the period, adjusted by the num ber of shares issued during the period weighted by the number of days that the shares have been outstanding in relation to the total number of days during the year.
Long term net asset value per ordinary share (EPRA NAV), SEK Equity per ordinary share with reversal of interest rate derivatives and deferred tax according to balance sheet.
Profit after tax per ordinary share, SEK Profit attributable to the average num ber of ordinary shares after consideration of the preference share dividend for the period.

Yield,% Estimated net operating income on an annual basis in relation to the fair value of the properties at the end of the year.
Net operating income, SEKm Rental income less property costs.
Economic occupancy rate, % 12 Contracted rent for leases which are run ning at the end of the period in relation to rental value.
Property category Classified according to the principal use of the property. The break-down is made into office, retail, residential and other properties. Other properties include hotel, educational, care, industrial/warehouse and mixed-use properties. The pro perty category is determined by what the largest part of the property is used for.
Property costs, SEKm This item includes direct property costs, such as operating expenses, utility expenses, maintenance, ground rent and property tax.
Rental value, SEKm 1 Contracted rent and estimated market rent for vacant premises.
Surplus ratio, % Net operating income in relation to ren tal income.

Debt/equity ratio, times Interest-bearing liabilities in relation to shareholders' equity.

Equity/assets ratio, % Shareholders' equity including non-con trolling interests in relation to the balance sheet total at the end of the year.

1) The key ratio is operational and is not considered to be a alternative key ratio according to ESMA's guidelines. 2) W hen calculating profit from property m anagem ent before ta x attributable to parent com pany shareholders, the profit from property m anage ment is also reduced with the non-controlling interests' share.

F-237

FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016 25

BAL DER

The information in this report is such that Fastighets AB Balder (publ) is obliged to disclose according to the Swedish Securities Markets Act and/or the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. This information has been published at 2.00 p.m. on February 22, 2017.

This report is a translation of the Swedish Interim Report January-December 2016. In the event of any disparities between this report and the Swedish version, the latter will have priority.

C ontact
For additional information, please contact CEO Erik Selin, telephone +46 706 074 790 or CFO Magnus Bjrndahl, telephone +46 735 582 929.

F inancialInform ation
Overall information about the company's operations, board of directors and management, financial reporting and press releases, may be found on Balder's website, www.balder.se.

C alendar
Annual report 2016 Annual General meeting Interim report Jan-Mar 2017 Interim report Jan-June 2017 Interim report Jan-Sep 2017 Year-end report 2017

Week 14, 2017 11 May 2017 11 May 2017 22 August 2017 2 November 2017 22 February 2018

Fastighets AB Balder (publ) www.balder.se  info@balder.se  Org.nr 556525-6905

Head office

Parkgatan 49  Box 53 121  411 39 Gothenburg  Tel +46 31-10 95 70  Fax +46 31-10 95 99

Regional offices

Stockholm

Drottninggatan 108  113 60 Stockholm  Tel +46 8-73 53 770

Vrby All 14  143 40 Vrby  Tel +46 8-73 53 770

Gothenburg

Wetterlinsgatan 11G  521 34 Falkping  Tel +46 515-72 14 80

Timmervgen 9A  541 64 Skvde  Tel +46 500-47 88 50

Parkgatan 49  Box 53 121  411 39 Gothenburg  Tel +46 31-10 95 70

resund

Esplanaden 15  265 34 흒torp  Tel +46 42-569 40

Gustav Adolfs Torg 8  252 25 Helsingborg  Tel +46 42-17 21 30

Kalendegatan 26  211 35 Malm  Tel +46 40-600 96 50

East

Hospitalsgatan 11  602 27 Norrkping  Tel +46 11-15 88 90

Kapellgatan 29 A  732 45 Arboga  Tel +46 589-194 50

Rnnbergagatan 10  723 46 Vsters  Tel +46 21-14 90 98

Storgatan 51  573 32 Trans  Tel +46 140-654 80

Tunadalsgatan 6  731 31 Kping  Tel +46 221-377 80

North

Forskarvgen 27  804 23 Gvle  Tel +46 26-54 55 80

Sandbcksgatan 5  653 40 Karlstad  Tel +46 54-14 81 80

Tallvgen 8  854 66 Sundsvall  Tel +46 60-55 47 10

Letting

Tel +46 20-151 151

Customer service Tel +46 774-49 49 49

26 FASTIGHETS AB BALDER  YEAR-END REPORT 2016

F-238

ISSUER
Fastighets AB Balder Parkgatan 49, Box 53 121
400 15 Gteborg Sweden

JOINT LEAD MANAGERS

Barclays Bank PLC 5 The North Colonnade
Canary Wharf London E14 4BB United Kingdom

Danske Bank A/S 2-12 Holmens Kanal DK 1092 Copenhagen K
Denmark

Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street London EC2N 2DB United Kingdom

Nordea Bank AB (publ) Smlandsgatan 17
SE-105 71 Stockholm Sweden

AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER
hrlingsPricewaterhouseCooper AB (PwC) Sknegatan 1
405 32 Gteborg Sweden

TRUSTEE

PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT

Citicorp Trustee Company Limited Citigroup Centre Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5LB United Kingdom

Citibank, N.A., London Branch Citigroup Centre Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5LB United Kingdom

LEGAL ADVISERS

To the Issuer as to Swedish law

To the Issuer as to English law

To the Joint Lead Managers and the Trustee as to English
law

Setterwalls Advokatbry AB Sturegatan 10 P.O. Box 1050
SE-101 39 Stockholm

White & Case LLP 5 Old Broad Street London EC2N 1DW United Kingdom

Clifford Chance LLP 10 Upper Bank Street
London E14 5JJ United Kingdom

LISTING AGENT
Walkers Listing Services Ltd The Anchorage
17/19 Sit John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2 Ireland

