Final Terms dated 2 October 2017

AKELIUS RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY AB (PUBL) Issue of SEK 500,000,000 Floating Rate Notes due October 2021
Euro Medium Term Note Programme

PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2017 and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 31 August 2017 which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive.

This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive.

Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www.centralbank.ie/www.ise.ie and during normal business hours on any weekday at the office of the Issuer.

The expression "Prospectus Directive" means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive and the expression "2010 PD Amending Directive" means Directive 2010/73/EU.

The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

1.

(i) Issuer:

2.

(i) Series Number:

(ii) Tranche Number:

Akelius Residential Property AB (publ) 4 1

(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible:

Not Applicable

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies: Swedish Kronor ("SEK")

4.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(i) Series:

SEK 500,000,000

(ii) Tranche:

SEK 500,000,000

5.

Issue Price:

100.00 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal

- 1-

Amount

6.

(i) Specified Denominations:

SEK 1,000,000

(ii) Calculation Amount:

SEK 1,000,000

7.

(i) Issue Date:

4 October 2017

00 Interest Commencement Date:

Issue Date

8.

Maturity Date:

Interest Payment date falling in or nearest to October 2021

9.

(i) Interest Basis:

3 month STIBOR + 0.90 per cent. Floating Rate (see paragraph 15 below)

(ii) Ratings Step Up/Step Down: Applicable

(iii) Step-Up Margin:

1.25 per cent, per annum

(iv) Specified Threshold:

As per the Conditions

10.

Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent, of their nominal amount.

11. Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment Basis:

Not Applicable

12. Put/Call Options:

Change of Control Put Option Issuer Call (See paragraphs 17 and 19 below)

13. (i) Status of the Notes:

Senior

(iii) Date Board approval for issuance of Notes respectively obtained:

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

15. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable

(i) Specified Period:

Quarterly

(ii) Interest Payment Dates:

4 January, 4 April, 4 July and 4 October in each year, commencing on the First Interest Payment Date, up to and including the

-2-

Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified below.

(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 4 January 2018

(iv) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(v) Additional Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable

(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined:

Screen Rate Determination

(vii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the Principal Paying Agent):

Not Applicable

(viii) Screen Rate Determination:

·

Reference Rate:

3 month STIBOR

·

Interest

Determination

Date(s):

The second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period

·

Relevant Screen

Page:

Nasdaq Stockholm's website

·

Relevant Time:

11.00 a.m. Stockholm time

·

Relevant Financial Stockholm

Centre:

(ix) ISDA Determination:

Not Applicable

(xi) Margin(s):

+0.90 per cent, per annum

(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: Not Applicable

(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: Not Applicable

(xiv) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

(xv) Linear Interpolation:

Not Applicable

(xvi) Reference Banks:

As per the Conditions

-3 -

16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

17.

Call Option

Applicable

(i) Optional Redemption Date(s) At any time following the expiry of the

(Call):

notice period set out in the Conditions

(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Call) of each Note:

If the Call Option Notice is dated before the date falling three (3) months prior to the Maturity Date: Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount

If the Call Option Notice is dated on or after the date falling three (3) months prior to the Maturity Date: SEK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

(a) Reference Bond:

The Swedish Government Bond 1054, 3.5 per cent. ISIN SE0003784461

(b) Quotation Time:

11.00 a.m. Stockholm time

(c) Redemption Margin: 0.15 per cent.

(d) Reference Date:

As per the Conditions

(iii) If redeemable in part:

Not Applicable

(iv) Notice period:

As per the Conditions

18.

Put Option

Not Applicable

19.

Change of Control Put Option

Applicable

(i) Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Change of
Control) of each Note:

SEK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

(ii) Change of Control Put Period:

As set out in the Conditions

20.

Final Redemption Amount of each SEK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

Note

21.

Early Redemption Amount (Tax) SEK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

22.

Early Termination Amount

SEK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

-4-

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

23.

Form of Notes:

Bearer Notes:

Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note

24. New Global Note:

No

25. Additional Financial Centre(s) or Not Applicable other special provisions relating to payment dates:

26.

Talons for future Coupons to be

No

attached to Definitive Notes (and

dates on which such Talons mature):

27.

Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Not Applicable

Investors:

Signed on behalf oTAkelius Residential Property AB (publ):
P.\

By:

...........

Duly authorised

-5-

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i) Listing: (ii) Admission to Trading:

Ireland
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange with effect from 4 October 2017

(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading:

EUR 600

2.

RATINGS

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:

Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited: BBB-

Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited is established in the European Economic Area and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.

3.

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE

ISSUE/OFFER

Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer and its affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

The proceeds of the issue will be used for the general corporate purposes of the Group (including investments, acquisitions and development projects) and for the repayment of some of the Group's existing indebtedness (including any indebtedness that may be owed to any of the Dealers).

6.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

ISIN:

XS1692931808

Common Code:

169293180

Delivery:

Delivery against payment

Names andaddresses of additional Not Applicable

6 -

-

Paying Agent(s) (if any):

Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

7.

DISTRIBUTION

(i) Method of Distribution:

Non-syndicated

(ii) If syndicated:

(A) Names of Managers Not Applicable

(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if any:

Not Applicable

(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Danske Bank A/S Dealer:

(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions:

Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D

1 -

-

