MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET M ARKET - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
PROHIBITION OF SA LES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA "). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
16 March 2018
DNB Bank ASA
Issue of 600,000,000 Subordinated Notes due 2028 Callable 2023
under the 45,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16th June, 2017 and the supplements to the Base Prospectus dated 13th July, 2017, 26th October, 2017 and 12th February, 2018 which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (together, the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer") and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have been published on the website of the Central Bank of Ireland at http://www.centralbank.ie and the Irish Stock Exchange at www.ise.ie.

1.

Issuer:

DNB Bank ASA

2.

(i)

Series Number:

662

(ii)

Tranche Number:

1

(iii) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single
Series:

3. Specified Currency or Currencies:

Euro ()

4.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

Series:

600,000,000

Tranche:

600,000,000

5.

Issue Price:

99.604 per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6.

(i)

Specified Denomination(s):

100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 199,000. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 199,000.

(ii)

Calculation Amount:

1,000

7.

(i)

Issue Date:

20 March 2018

(ii)

Interest Commencement Date:

Issue Date

8.

Maturity Date:

20 March 2028

9.

Interest Basis:

Reset Notes (further particulars specified below, see paragraph 16)

10. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount

11. Change of Interest Basis:

Not Applicable

12. Put/Call Options:

Issuer Call (further particulars specified below, see paragraph 18)

13. (i)

Status of the Notes:

Subordinated

(A) Redemption

upon Applicable - Condition 6(j) applies

occurrence of Capital

Event and amounts

payable on redemption

therefor:

(B) Substitution or variation: Applicable - Condition 6(k) applies

(ii)

Date Board approval for issuance 6 December 2017

of Notes obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PA YA B LE

14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

15. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

16. Reset Note Provisions

Applicable

(i)

Initial Rate of Interest:

1.125 per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date

2

(ii) Initial Mid-Swap Rate:

0.437 per cent.

(iii) First Reset Margin:

+0.77 per cent. per annum

(iv) Subsequent Reset Margin:

Not Applicable

(v) Interest Payment Date(s):

20 March in each year, commencing on 20 March 2019, up to and including the Maturity Date

(vi) Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 11.25 per Calculation Amount excluding) the First Reset Date:

(vii) Broken Amount(s) up to (but excluding) the First Reset Date:

Not Applicable

(viii) First Reset Date:

20 March 2023

(ix) Second Reset Date:

Not Applicable

(x) Subsequent Reset Date(s):

Not Applicable

(xi) Relevant Screen Page:

Reuters Screen Page ICESWAP2

(xii) Mid-Swap Rate:

Single Mid-Swap Rate

(xiii) Mid-Swap Rate Conversion:

Not Applicable

(xiv) Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis:

Annual

(xv) Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity: Six months

(xvi) Reset Determination Date(s):

Two Business Days prior to the First Reset Date

(xvii) Specified Time:

11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt Time)

(xviii) Prior Rate of Interest or Calculation Agent Determination applicable:

Calculation Agent Determination

(xix) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/Actual (ICMA)

(xx) Determination Date(s):

20 March in each year

(xxi) Calculation Agent:

Not Applicable

17. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

18. Issuer Call

Applicable

(i)

Optional Redemption Date(s):

20 March 2023

(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s): 1,000 per Calculation Amount

(iii) If redeemable in part:

(a) Minimum Redemption

Not Applicable

3

Amount:

(b) Higher Redemption Amount:

Not Applicable

(iv) Notice period if other than as set As per Condition 6(c) out in Condition 6(c):

19. Investor Put

Not Applicable

20. Final Redemption Amount:

1,000 per Calculation Amount

21. Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 1,000 per Calculation Amount redemption for taxation reasons or on event of default:

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

22. Form of Notes:

(i)

Form:

Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes only upon an Exchange Event

(ii) New Global Note:

Yes

23. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Not Applicable

24. Talons for future Coupons to be attached No to Definitive Notes:

Signed on bphalf of DN£

By:

/(

authorised

p.p. DNB Bank ASA
Kjell Arne Bergene
Senior Vice President

4

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1.

LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING:

(i)

Listing and admission to trading:

The Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange

Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange with effect from the Issue Date

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related 600 to admission to trading:

2.

RATINGS:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated A by Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited ("S& P"). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "C R A Regulation").

3.

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEG A L PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE:

Save for any fees payable to the Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4.

YIELD:

Indication of yield:

1.207 per cent.

5.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION:

(i)

ISIN Code:

XS1794344827

(ii) Common Code:

179434482

(iii) CUSIP Number:

Not Applicable

(iv) Any clearing system(s) other than Not Applicable Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking S.A. and SIS and the relevant identification number(s):

(v) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

(vi) Names and addresses of additional Not Applicable Paying Agent(s) (if any):

(vii) Intended to be held in a manner No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the

which would allow Eurosystem date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem

eligibility:

eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that

the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes

may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as

common safekeeper. Note that this does not

necessarily mean that the Notes will then be

5

recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

6.

DISTRIBUTION:

(i)

If syndicated, names of Managers: Joint Lead Managers

Barclays Bank PLC BNP Paribas DNB Bank ASA Goldman Sachs International

(ii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 16 March 2018

(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):

Barclays Bank PLC

(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant Not Applicable Dealer:

(v) U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRA D

(vi) Whether sales to QIBs under Rule No 144A and/or private placement sales to Institutional Accredited Investors in the United States are permitted to be made:

(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Applicable Investors:

7.

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION:

Not Applicable

8.

USE OF PROCEEDS:

As specified in the Base Prospectus

6

