FINAL TERMS

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended from 1 January 2018 to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, the Prospectus Directive). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

21 November 2017

ISLANDSBANKI HF.
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland)

Issue of SEK 750,000,000 Floating Rate Tier 2 Notes due November 2027 under the U.S.$2,000,000,000
Global Medium Term Note Programme

PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the

Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2017 (the Base Prospectus) as supplemented by the supplement to it dated

10 November 2017 which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive.

This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purpose of Article 5.4 of the

Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so supplemented. Full

information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these

Final Terms and the Base Prospectus as so supplemented. The Base Prospectus and the supplement have

been published on the website of the Issuer at https://www.islandsbanki.is/english/investor-

relations/funding/global-medium-term-notes/

and the Central Bank of Ireland at

http://www.centralbank.ie/regulation/securities-markets/prospectus/Pages/approvedprospectus.aspx and on

the website of the Irish Stock Exchange at www.ise.ie and copies may be obtained during normal business

hours from the registered office of the Issuer at Hagasmåri 3, 201 Kopavogur, Iceland and from the offices of

the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England.

1. Issuer:

Islandsbanki hf.

2.

(a) Series Number:

12

(b) Tranche Number:

1

(c) Date on which the Notes will Not Applicable be consolidated and form a single Series:

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

Swedish Kronor (SEK)

4. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a) Series:

SEK 750,000,000

(b) Tranche:

SEK 750,000,000

5.

Issue Price:

100.00 per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6.

(a) Specified Denominations:

SEK 2,000,000

(b) Calculation Amount:

SEK 2,000,000

7. (a) Issue Date:

23 November 2017

(b) Interest Date:

Commencement 23 November 2017

8.

Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to November 2027

9.

Interest Basis:

3-month STIBOR + 2.00 per cent. Floating Rate (see paragraph 15 below)

10. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent. of their nominal amount

11. Change of Interest Basis:

Not Applicable

12. Put/Call Options:

Issuer Call (see paragraph 18 below)

13. (a) Status of the Notes:

Subordinated

(i) Redemption upon Applicable - Condition 7.3 applies occurrence of Capital Event:

(ii) Substitution variation:

or Applicable - Condition 7.10 applies

(b) Set-off:

Applicable - Condition 3.3 applies

(c) Date Board approval for 16 August 2017 issuance of Notes obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

15. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable

(a) Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment Dates will be quarterly in arrear on 23

Interest Payment Dates:

February, 23 May, 23 August and 23 November in each

2

year, from and including 23 February 2018, to and including 23 November 2027, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention.

(b) Business Day Convention: Modified Following Business Day Convention

(c) Additional Centre(s):

Business Not Applicable

(d) Manner in which the Rate of Screen Rate Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for Not Applicable calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the VPS Calculation Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

·

Reference Rate, Reference Rate: 3- month STIBOR

Relevant Time and Relevant Time: 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre

Relevant Financial Relevant Financial Centre: Stockholm

Centre:

·

Interest

Determination

Date(s):

Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period.

·

Relevant Screen Reuters Page SIDE

Page:

(g) ISDA Determination:

·

Floating

Option:

Rate Not Applicable

·

Designated Maturity: Not Applicable

·

Reset Date:

Not Applicable

(h) Linear Interpolation:

Not Applicable

(i) Margin(s):

+ 2.00 per cent. per annum

(j) Minimum Rate of Interest: Not Applicable

(k) Maximum Rate of Interest: Not Applicable

(l) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

16. Reset Note Provisions:

Not Applicable

3

17. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

18. Issuer Call:

Applicable

(a) Optional Date(s):

Redemption Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to November 2022 and on every Interest Payment Date thereafter

(b) Optional Amount:

Redemption SEK 2,000,000 per Calculation Amount

(c) If redeemable in part:

(i) Minimum Redemption Amount:

Not Applicable

(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount:

Not Applicable

(d) Notice period (if other than Not Applicable as set out in the Conditions):

19. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

20. Final Redemption Amount:

SEK 2,000,000 per Calculation Amount

21. Early Redemption Amount payable SEK 2,000,000 per Calculation Amount on redemption for taxation reasons, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or on event of default:

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

22. Form of Notes:

(a) Form:

Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event

(b) New Global Note:

No

23. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Not Applicable

24. Talons for future Coupons to be No attached to Definitive Bearer Notes:

Signed on behalf of Islandsbanki hf.:

By:

)A

Duly authorised ,,

\J6D GuOUi btfWVZou

)km (h

, .i

4

Om lVMM

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i) Listing:

Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange

(ii) Admission to trading:

Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Main Securities Market of the Irish Stock Exchange with effect from 23 November 2017.

(iii) Estimate of total expenses EUR 600 related to admission to trading:

2. RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated BBB- by Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited (S&P).

S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).

3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISIN:

XS1722683072

(ii) Common Code:

172268307

(iii) CUSIP:

Not Applicable

(iv) CINS:

Not Applicable

(v) Any clearing system(s) other Not Applicable than DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant identification number(s):

(vi) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

(vii) Names and addresses of Not Applicable additional Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) (if any) or alternative VPS Account Manager (if applicable):
5

(viii) VPS Calculation Agent:

Not Applicable

(ix) Intended to be held in a manner No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the

which would allow Eurosystem date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem

eligibility:

eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the

Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then

be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common

safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that

the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral

for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit

operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their

life. Such recognition will depend upon the European

Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility

criteria have been met.

5. DISTRIBUTION

(i) Method of distribution:

Syndicated

(ii) If syndicated, names of Danske Bank A/S
Managers: DNB Bank ASA

Pareto Securities AB

(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 21 November 2017

(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): Not Applicable

(v) If non-syndicated, name of Not Applicable Dealer:

(vi) TEFRA applicability:

TEFRA D

(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Not Applicable Retail Investors:

6. THIRD PARTY INFORMATION

Not Applicable

6

