A14516990
13.4
If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or the Company's general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
13.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 13.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Section 13.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 13.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 13.
13.6 The Company is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Section 13.5 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the listing rules of NASDAQ OMX.
13.7 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 13.1, the Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 14 (The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holder's meeting etc.). If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 14 (The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holder's meeting etc.), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
13.8 If Holders representing not less than fifty (50) per cent, of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount instruct the Agent to declare the Bonds due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Section 13, then the Agent shall do so. However, if the Agent is of the opinion that the Bonds may not be declared due and payable, the Agent is only obliged to take such action if the instructing Holders undertake to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless in a satisfactory manner.
14 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holder's meeting etc.
14.1 General
