(h) The Company shall bear all costs for the Company and the Agent in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing.
The Agent may resign as agent or transfer its position as agent by giving not less than three (3) months' prior notice in writing to the Company and the Holders and the Agent shall resign as agent by decision of the Company or by resolution of the Holders taken with such Qualified Majority as set out in 12.2(c)(i). The Company shall then appoint a new agent to be approved by the Holders. If the Company or the Holders have not appointed a new Agent within not less than three (3) months after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent.
No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under the Terms and Conditions. The Agent's successor, the Company and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company.
If the Agent or the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Agent or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent or Issuing Agent as Agent or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
14.4 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Section 13.8 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Sections 13 (Acceleration of the Bonds) and 12.1.
A14516990
15
