20.1 The Agent's obligations are exhaustively regulated in these Terms and Conditions. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
20.3 The Agent may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company.
21 Limitation of liability etc.
21.1 The Company, the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict.
21.2 The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting as a representative for the Flolders, aligned with the decisions made in accordance with Section 14 (The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holder's meeting etc.), unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. This shall also apply to the Agent or affiliate to the Agent acting in another manner in relation to the Company within the scope of other dealings with the Company.
21.3
The Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event, unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent be liable for indirect damage.
21.4
Should the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any of the circumstances mentioned in Section 19.1 above, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event.
