V
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option): (i) any time from and including Disbursement Date to, but not included, interest Payment Date in April 2008 at 106.00 % of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, (ii) any time from and including interest Payment Date in April 2008 to, but not included, interest Payment Date in April 2009 at 104.50 % of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, (iii) any time from and including interest Payment Date in April 2009 to, but not included, Maturity Date at 103.00 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
10,3 If one of or both of the Rigs or the Construction Contracts, or any share of such Rigs or Construction Contracts, is sold or disposed of or terminated (in respect of Construction Contracts), or if any or all of the shares in one of or both of the Rig Owning Subsidiaries that is the owner of any of the Rigs are sold, anytime from and including Disbursement Date to Maturity Date ("Mandatory Prepayment Event"), the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the Remaining Loan at. a price corresponding to the call structure in Clause 10.2 (the "Mandatory Prepayment").
The Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of Mandatory Prepayment (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption. If the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall simultaneously be informed.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the bonds.
