(li) providing normal vendors lien on delivery of goods and services on credit, (iii) subsisting and refinancing security pledges on assets of companies acquired
Notwithstanding the above, the Borrower (and any member of the Group) is allowed to pledge/mortgage the Rigs and assets/escrow account related to the Rigs as described in the loan agreement for the Prior Debt) or any refinancing of the Prior Debt at a later stage. However, such refinancing of the Prior Debt shall only be secured by assets that are directly related to the Rigs and on normal bank terms,
(k) not, and procure that no member of the Group not, during the term of the Loan raise any other new financial indebtedness during the term of the Loan other then the Prior Debt or any refinancing of the Prior Debt at a later stage. (New financial indebtedness shall be defined as the book value of such debt (according to IFRS). For the avoidance of doubt, intra group debt is allowed, and guarantees in connection with ordinary business transactions related to the Rigs are not under any circumstances included as financial indebtedness. As debt included in financial indebtedness as o f 31.12.06 is for instance the Prior Debt For the avoidance of doubt, and with reference to i.a. (j) above, debt in companies acquired by or merged with the Borrower (where the Borrower is the acquiring party) at the time of the acquisition or merger shall not be regarded as new financial debt provided such debt is not extended in any way either as part of the acquisition/merger or later. In addition, the Borrower and its subsidiaries shall be allowed to refinance debt which is not new financial indebtedness.
14
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
