"Maturity Date" means 12 February 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NCG" means Norlandia Care Group (registered in Norway, with company registration number 992 036 540).
"NCG Bond Agreement" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.5.1.
"NCG Leverage Ratio Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.5.1.
"Net Debt to Capital Ratio" means a fraction where the numerator is the Net Interest Bearing Debt of the HoldCo Group and the denominator is the Net Interest Bearing Debt of the HoldCo Group plus the Market Adjusted Equity expressed as a percentage.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt of the HoldCo Group" means the Interest Bearing Debt of the HoldCo Group less the Cash and Cash Equivalents of the HoldCo Group.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Oslo Børs' webpage www.oslobors.no (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates ofNorwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment o f the Bond Trustee o f the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.
"Ordinary Course of Business" means ownership in real estate companies, real estate development companies, ownership in companies within hotel operations, ownership in companies within preschools, education, healthcare and related industries and ownership in companies within the travel and tourism industry, as well as staffing within all o f the aforementioned industries.
