a) Escrow Account Pledge b) the Guarantees; c) the Share Pledges; d) a first priority mortgage over the real property with the Norwegian property
the amount of SEK 44,075,000 in the real property with the Swedish property designation Borgholm Strandbo 3; f) a first priority pledge over the 31 condominiums (Sw. bostadsrätter) owned directly and indirectly by Strand Hotell Borgholm Fastighets AB; and g) a first priority pledge over the existing mortgage certificates (Sw. pantbrev) in the amount of SEK 25,000,000 in leasehold (Sw. tomträtt) to the real property with the Swedish property designation Köping Bodil 2.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Shareholder Loans" means a loan by each of the Main Shareholders to the Issuer established in connection with the acquisition o f shares in NCG, each of no more than NOK 79 million and each to be fully subordinated in all respects, non-interest bearing and with maturity after the Maturity Date. The terms and conditions o f the Shareholders Loans may not be changed or amended during the tenor of the Bond Issue, apart from a partly or fully conversion to equity in the Issuer. The Shareholder Loans may be transferred by the Main Shareholders to other companies over which the Ultimate Shareholders have a decisive influence provided that the same terms always apply to such loans.
"Share Pledges" means a first priority pledge over all shares o f each Guarantor.
"Stam data" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number o f shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
Notwithstanding the general definition of Subsidiary above, any Subsidiary which is listed on a reputable stock exchange (a "Listed Subsidiary") and its Subsidiaries, shall not be considered as a Subsidiary o f the Issuer as long as:
1. the Listed Subsidiary remains a listed entity on a reputable stock exchange; and
