(vii) agreed form Compliance Certificate.
18
evidence referred to in Clause 4.2(b) above from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.
(d) When the Agent is satisfied (acting reasonably) that it has received the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4.2(b), the Agent shall instruct the escrow bank (with which the Issuer holds the Escrow Account) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account in accordance with the funds flow statement and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Escrow Account and instruct the transfer of any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Escrow Account, to the bank account specified by the Issuer.
(e) If the applicable conditions precedents for disbursement from the Escrow Account have not been satisfied pursuant to subparagraph (d) above within thirty (30) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to the Issue Price for each Bond and the funds on the Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer and any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.
(f) Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, no interest, fees or other costs shall be payable by the Issuer in respect of the Bonds in the event that the Completion Date has not occurred.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
