(d) Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, and that the Maintenance Test (calculated pro forma including such issue) is met, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 1,000,000,000. Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 9(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use Net Proceeds to refinance bonds with ISIN SE0005933207 and SE0005933215 and for general corporate purposes.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds from the Initial Bond issue to the Issuer is subject to the Agent having received documents and evidence of the Conditions Precedent set out in clause 4(b) below being duly executed.
9
(b) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Agent the following documents and evidence:
