10.3 Voluntary total redemption (call option)
(i) the redemption is financed by way of one or several Market Loan issues and that each Bondholder is offered to participate in such Market Loan, any time from and including the first Business Day falling 90 days prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date; or
(ii) it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Terms and Conditions or the Agency Agreement.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twelve (12) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
10.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a Delisting Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a Delisting Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00% of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or Delisting Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(d) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
13
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(d) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(d). The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
