(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(h) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18(a)), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 16(g) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(i) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
(j) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(l) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(m) All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Group and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The
