"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9(a) to 9(c).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means profit from property management, including reversal of financial income and expenses, as well as depreciation/amortisation and share of profit/loss of joint ventures for the Relevant Period in relation to financial expenses (less financial income) for the Relevant Period.
"Interest Payment Date" means 1 March, 1 June, 1 September and 1 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 1 June 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3 months STIBOR plus the Margin however if 3 months STIBOR plus the Margin is below zero, the Interest Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Issuer" means Hemfosa Fastigheter AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556917-4377.
"Issuing Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB, reg. no. 502032-9081, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
