"Issuer" means Hemfosa Fastigheter AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556917-4377.
"Joint Bookrunners" means Danske Bank A/S, reg. no. 516401-9811, and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB, reg. no. 502032-9081.
5
"Listing Failure" means any failure by the Issuer to (i) ensure that the Initial Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm no later than 60 days after the First Issue Date and with an intention to complete such listing within 30 days after the First Issue Date, (ii) ensure that any Subsequent Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the relevant issue date, and (iii) take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds continue being listed on Nasdaq Stockholm for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, subject to and taking into account the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
"Maintenance Test" means the test of the financial maintenance covenants as set out in Clause 12(a) (Financial Undertakings).
"Margin" means 2.75 per cent. per annum.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues subordinated debenture, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, securities issued under medium term note programs and other market funding programs), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Terms and Conditions, or (c) subject to legal reservations and perfection requirements, the validity or enforceability of the Terms and Conditions.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer and any other Group Company which together with its subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) has EBITDA or gross assets (excluding intragroup items) representing more than 5 per cent. of the total consolidated EBITDA or gross assets (excluding intragroup items) of the Group according to the latest Financial Report.
