"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Net Debt" means (i) the aggregate amount of all interest bearing obligations which according to the Accounting Principles shall be treated as debt less (ii) Subordinated Debt, cash in hand, immediately available funds and any other liquid marketable instruments or securities and other investments equivalent to cash, in each case of the Group according to the latest Financial Report.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and bookrunner(s) for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 4 {Use o fproceeds).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Property" means real property (Sw. fast egendom) owned by any Group Company from time to time.
"Property Value" means (i) the market value of all Properties, as set out in the most recent Valuation Report, plus (ii) the total consideration paid or to be paid for Properties acquired since the date of such Valuation Report minus (iii) the value attributable to Properties disposed of since the date of such Valuation Report.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 14 {Distribution o fproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
