By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktiori) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, and the Agent's obligations as agent under these Terms and Conditions are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
Upon request by a Holder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these
29
