12.2 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Warrants.
13.1 Each Warrantholder may exercise the Warrants at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Warrantholder at the time of exercise has the right to own Shares under Norwegian law and the Articles of Association of the Borrower and that notification is given pursuant to Clause 13.2.
The Warrantholder is on the Exercise Date entitled to receive 1 - one - Share per each Warrant against paying the Exercise Price. Each Warrant must be exercised in whole and cannot be partly exercised. Any adjustment of the Exercise Price (and thereby the Exercise Right) shall be calculated as stipulated in Clauses 14 and 15.
13.2 In order to exercise the Warrants, a Warrantholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via the Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice. The Issue of Shares shall be effected on the Issue Date.
The relevant Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository shall notify the Paying Agent of the exercise notice and shall simultaneously demand payment from the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the whole number of Shares to be issued under the Warrant(s) to an account designated by the Paying Agent, the payment being due 3 - three - Banking Days before the Issue Date.
Upon any exercise of the Warrants only full Shares shall be delivered, and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be entitled to receive fractions of Shares. If a Warrantholder simultaneously exercises more than one Warrant, the Shares resulting from such exercise shall be aggregated with respect to fractions of Shares. Remaining fractions of Shares shall not be claimed.
On the Issue Date the Paying Agent shall transfer the number of Shares which are to be issued to the Warrantholder's account in the Securities Depository against crediting the Borrower of the amount paid.
13.3 The Borrower is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) necessary approvals to increase the share capital of the Borrower exist, (b) the share capital increase is registered in the Company Register (Foretaksregisteret)
