The Issuer has the right to hold Own Notes in the Loan (i.e.Notes held by the issuer, or any party controlled by the Issuer, or who has control over the Issuer) and to write down the Loan with Own Notes.
connection with the Loan is correct, and that no conditions that could have a substantial effect on the Issuer's financial situation have been withheld, and that the necessary approval from governmental authorities and corporate resolution required to establish the Loan have been obtained. The Issuer undertakes to provide the documentation and information required in order for the Loan Trustee to carry out its obligations under the terms of the Agreement, including to notify the Loan Trustee of any general notice to creditors and any situation amounting to default on the Agreement. By signing the Agreement the Loan Trustee confirms that the necessary documentation in connection with the issuance has been provided and submitted the Loan Trustee (i.a. the Agreement duly executed, necessary corporate resolutions, certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association, the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group).
3. The Issuer is responsible for the registration of the Loan in a securities' depository prior to the issuance of the Notes, and to ensure that a separate account is maintained for the Notes/Loan in accordance with the terms of the Securities Depository Act. The Issuer shall cover all expenses arising Torn the issue, including remuneration to the Loan Trustee. In addition the Loan Trustee's fee, the issuer undertakes on request to indemnify the Loan Trustee for ail extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee ir- connection with the Loan, including summoning and holding Noteholders' meeting(s). The Noteholders shall cover any public taxes and duties on trading Notes in the secondary market, unless otherwise is provided for by law or regulations.
4.
The Loan may be declared to be in default should
(a) The Issuer fail to pay any interest and/or principal due on the maturity date, unless the failure is remedied within
five banking days following the failure, and it is obvious to the Loan Trustee that the failure will be remedied withi
this time.
(b) The Issuer fail to duly perform any of other materia! obligations pursuant to the Agreement unless, in the opinion
