(d) The Issuer enter into voluntary debt negotiations, bankruptcy, be under public administration or a
(e) The issuer makes incorrect representations or warranties, which are or may be materially significant to the
Issuers obligations under the terms of the Agreement.
5. The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor Noteholders' interests and rights with respect to the Issuer. In performing Its functions as Loan Trustee, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall be liable to compensate Noteholders for financial losses suffered by the Noteholders as a result of negligence by the Loan Trustee in performing its obligations under the Agreement. The Issuer shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for financial losses suffered through its acting in accordance with warranties and representations made by the Issuer.
6. in the event that the Issuer is in default, the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Noteholders take every measure necessary to recover the Loan. In the event that circumstances for default are evident, the Loan Trustee shall declare the Loan to be in default and due for redemption should: (a) The Loan Trustee receive a written demand to this respect from Noteholders representing at least 1/5 of the Loan less Own Notes ("Outstanding Loan") and the Noteholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions or (b) the Noteholders' meeting has resolved to declare the Loan in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from the Noteholders who have presented the demand to declare the Loan to be in default pursuant to paragraph (a) above and/or from those who voted for the resolution in paragraph (b). in the event
Page 2 of 4
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms declares the Loan to be in default, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver written notice to the Issuer, demanding repayment of the Loan including interest, interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
7. To the extent that creditors' resolution/consent is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Noteholders' meeting may reach decisions in all questions concerning the Loan. The Loan Trustee may in the following matters reach decisions that are binding upon the Noteholders: (a) approval of actions that are subject to notice to creditors, or (b) make decisions, or amend the Agreement, in matters that are of minor importance to the Noteholders' rights under the Agreement. The Loan Trustee may reach decisions that are binding upon the Noteholders in matters other than those mentioned in Clause 6 (a) and (b) provided the Noteholders are notified in advance in writing through a securities' depository. The matter shall be referred to a Noteholders' meeting if the Loan Trustee receives a written protest against the proposal from any Noteholder within five banking days of the dispatch of the written notification. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the Loan Trustee's opinion of it. The Loan Trustee is free to submit any matters to the Noteholders' meeting. The Noteholders' meeting /Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decisions. The Noteholders' meeting/Loan Trustee cannot pass any resolutions that are liable to give certain Noteholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Noteholders. The Loan Trustee has the right and the obligation to hr plement all decisions validly made by the Noteholders' meeting. The Issuer, Noteholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Exchanges shall be notified of such resolutions as soon as possible.
