"M ortgage" means the first priority mortgage over the Vessel, securing a maximum principal amount o f NOK 225,000,000 plus interest and expenses, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing (i) the Ship Owning Company's obligations under the Intercompany Loan and (ii) the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
8
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
set out in the then most recent Financial Statements (or, as applicable, the most recent Quarterly Financial Reports) of the Issuer.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis o f the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office o f each Reference Banks to provide a quotation o f its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
