that the interests o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) therein have been noted by the relevant insurers. (e) The Issuers shall procure that the Vessel is always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurance (including any expressed or implied warranties) and shall comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe. (I) In the event of a Total Loss, the Issuer shall, within 120 days after the Total Loss Date, obtain and present to the Bond Trustee a written confirmation from the relevant insurers that the claim relating to the Total Loss has been accepted in full, and the insurance proceeds shall, as soon as they are released, be paid to the Bond Trustee and applied in a Mandatory Redemption pursuant to Clause 10.4.
(d) Maintenance, operation and management o f the Vessel The Issuer shall procure that the Vessel is kept in a good and safe condition and state of repair consistent with first class ownership and management practice.
The Issuer shall ensure that any managers retained for the Vessel shall be reputable and professional.
The Issuer shall ensure that the technical management of the Vessel is not changed without prior written consent of the Bond Trustee.
(e) Amendments to major contracts The Issuer shall not and shall ensure that the Ship Owning Company shall not substantially amend (including partial or full termination and waivers) the terms and conditions of any major contract relating to the Vessel in any way detrimental to the interests o f the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement. Before any major contract is substantially amended, the Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee the main terms of the proposed amendment.
(f) Modifications to the Vessel The Issuer shall not and shall ensure that the Ship Owning Company shall not cause any substantial modifications to the Vessel or its dimensions, functions, machinery
28
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
and equipment. Before any major modification is initiated, the Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee the main features and benefits of the proposed modifications.
