"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) + 675 basis points (the "Margin"), per annum, with quarterly interest payments in arrears.
"Issuer Loans" means any loans related to the Net Proceeds from the Issuer to a Material Group Company from time to time which shall in case of any loan exceeding SEK 25,000,000 be subject to security under the Issuer Loans Pledge Agreement.
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, reg. no. 883 603 362, P.O. Box 1444 Vika, 0115 Oslo, Norway, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD regulations.
"Listing Failure" means a situation where the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within sixty (60) calendar days after the First Issue Date.
"Issuer Loans Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) regarding a first priority pledge (with late perfection permitting the payment of principal and interest under the Issuer Loans until an acceleration of the Bonds due to an Event of Default) of all the Issuer's money claims under the Issuer Loans.
"Maintenance Test" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1.2.
"Make Whole Price" means in respect of a redemption from the First Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date a price equivalent to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the bondholders),
