(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) (together with accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount up to the relevant Redemption Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such payment.
"Margin" has the meaning set forth in the definition "Interest" above.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole (but for this purpose, an event which is likely to affect the ability of the Group to perform its obligations in respect of the Maintenance Test shall not, for that reason alone, be a Material Adverse Effect), (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer, the Target or any wholly owned Subsidiary representing more than 10.00 per cent- of the Pro Forma EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market ofNasdaq Stockholm Aktiebolag (reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for the relevant period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to cash and cash equivalents investments of the Group.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company and excluding any contractual Earn out Obligations relating to acquisitions made by the Group regardless of how such Earn-out Obligations are accounted for in the Accounting Principles) less cash and cash equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Distribution Test or the Incurrence Test (as applicable), in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
