"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time) and, for the avoidance of doubt, in respect of the Target group, any adjustment made from GAAP to IFRS.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by the Issuer, a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer or a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (i) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the date of supply, or (ii) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the Holders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, Box 7329, 103 90 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Agent Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, including any Subsequent Bond.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
