(d) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 45 months after the First Issue Date up to the Final Redemption Date, provided the Bonds are refinanced with a Market Loan.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby: one or more Persons (other than a shareholder which was a shareholder at the First Issue Date) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling directly more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to directly appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors o fthe Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form provided to the Agent as a Conditions Precedent for Disbursement, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event o f Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, i f any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if provided in connection with the payment o f any Restricted Payment or the incurrence o f any new Financial Indebtedness (including any Subsequent Bond Issue), which requires that the Distribution Test or the Incurrence Test is met, that the relevant Distribution Test or Incurrence Test is met (as
applicable) and including calculations and figures in respect ofthe ratio of Net Interest bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio, and (iii) in respect of any Compliance Certificate delivered in connection with a Financial Report in respect of a Relevant Period ending on or after 31 December 2018, whether the Maintenance Test is satisfied or not (including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio ofNet Interest bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA).
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 14.1.
"Conditions Subsequent" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 15 (Conditions Subsequent).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Cure Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.2.1.
"De-listing Event" means a situation whereby (i) the shares in the Issuer are not listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm, Nasdaq First North Premier or any other regulated or unregulated market place, (ii) trading in the shares in the Issuer on the relevant market is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days and such suspension is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) the Bonds are de-listed from trading on Nasdaq Stockholm, Nasdaq First North Premier or any other regulated or unregulated market place and such suspension is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
