Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled, except in connection with a full redemption of the Bonds.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Price together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Notwithstanding any other provision, the Issuer may in case of an Acquisition Failure Event or a New Issue Failure, redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date at 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. Such redemption may be funded with amounts standing to the credit o fthe Escrow Account, with any shortfall to be covered by the Issuer.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, o f its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. ofthe Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of fifteen (15) Business Days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 13.8 (e) (the "Exercise Period"). The fifteen (15) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change o f Control Event, the De-listing Event or the Listing Failure (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.8 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it
11.4.3 11.4.4 11.5
12. 12.1 12.1.1 12.1.2
