11.4.3 11.4.4 11.5
to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.8 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the Exercise Period.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 11.2 (The Group Companies 'purchase o fBonds).
Mandatory redemption due to failure to fulfil the Conditions Subsequent
If the Conditions Subsequent have not been fulfilled, and the Net Proceeds have been disbursed from the Escrow Account (as set out in Clause 4.2), within ninety (90) Business Days after the First Issue Date (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons), the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. The redemption of the Bonds shall (i) be executed on the next following Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) and (ii) be made by the Issuer giving not less than 10 Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent, where such notice shall state the relevant Interest Payment Date on which the redemption shall be made, the redemption amount and the relevant record date. Such redemption may be funded with amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account, with any shortfall to be covered by the Issuer.
FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS (MAINTENANCE TEST)
Maintenance Test
The Maintenance Test to be tested on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December (each a "Quarter Date"), with the first testing date being 31 December 2018, on the basis of the Financial Report in respect ofthe period ending on such Quarter Date and shall be reported in the Compliance Certificate in connection with such Financial Report.
