(d) The Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoid ance of doubt, the ISIN (unless rejected by CSD), the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subse quent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a pre mium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 10,500,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 19(e) (Decisions by Bondholders). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 11(a) (Interest), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(f) Except as set out in Clause 7 (Transfer restrictions) below, and subject to any re strictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(g) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obli gations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, un conditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those ob ligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(h) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a pub lic offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Issuer shall apply the Total Proceeds from the issue of Bonds:
(a) firstly towards the payment of the Transaction Costs;
(b) secondly towards the financing of the Project; and
(c) thirdly towards the financing of general corporate purposes of the Group.
