(c) The Agent and the Issuing and Paying Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 8(b) (Bonds in Book-Entry Form) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Agent and the Issuing and Paying Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to ob tain information referred to in Clause 8(b) (Bonds in Book-Entry Form) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer, the Agent and the Issuing and Paying Agent may use the information re ferred to in Clause 8(b) (Bonds in Book-Entry Form) only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Condi tions with respect to the Bonds and shall not disclose such information to any Bond holder or third party unless necessary for the before-mentioned purposes.
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER
(a) If any Person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of au thorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such Person.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 9(b) (Right to act on be half of a Bondholder) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due or in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Bondholder at the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other rele vant due date in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the Book-Entry Se curities System and book-entry accounts as well as the regulations of the CSD.
(b) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Any such postponement shall not affect the Record Date. Interest shall accrue in ac cordance with Clause 11(c) (Interest) during such postponement.
