Mandatory early partial prepayment due to a Mandatory Cash Sweep Amount
(b) Due to a partial prepayment in accordance with Clause 12.4(a) above all outstanding Bonds shall be partially prepaid by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata.
(c) The Mandatory Cash Sweep Amount is applied only to the extent, the aggregate amount of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Bonds (excluding any compound ed PIK Interest) remains higher than the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Bank Debt as set out in the Compliance Certificate evidencing the Mandatory Cash Sweep Amount.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 14.1(g) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 14.1(g) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in ac cordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 14.1(g). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 12.4(a).
General
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 12 (Redemption and repurchase of the Bonds), the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 12 (Redemption and repur chase of the Bonds) by virtue of the conflict.
TRANSACTION SECURITY
