(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the website of the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to the CSD and each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a re quest from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20(a) with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 23.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Busi ness Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 20(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) a specification of the CSD Business Day at the end of which a Per son must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights at the meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been in cluded in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meet ing, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meet ing as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in Person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure (which may be conducted electronically in a manner determined by the Agent) no later than five (5) Business Days after re ceipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accord ance with Clause 21(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.
