DESCRIPTION OF NOTES
You will find definitions of certain capitalized terms used in this Description of Notes under the heading "Certain Definitions''. For purposes of this Description of Notes, references to the ``Issuer'', ``we'', ``our'', and ``us'' refer only to NorCell Sweden Holding 2 AB (publ) and not to any of its subsidiaries.
The Issuer will issue 287,058,000 aggregate principal amount of 10%% Senior Notes due 2019 (the ``Notes'') under an indenture to be dated as of November 14, 2011 (the ``Indenture''), between, inter alios, itself, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as trustee (the ``Trustee'') and Nordea Bank AB (publ), as security agent, in a private transaction that is not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
In connection with the Acquisition (as defined below), the Issuer entered into a 287 million senior bridge facility agreement (the ``Senior Bridge Facility Agreement''), dated July 21, 2011, as amended and restated on August 3, 2011 and September 26, 2011 and further amended on October 24, 2011, between, the Issuer, NorCell Sweden Holding 3 AB (publ) (``BidCo''), Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Nordea Bank AB (publ), Banc of America Securities Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, UBS Limited and Morgan Stanley Bank International Limited as mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners, and Nordea Bank AB (publ) as agent and security agent. The proceeds of the loans under the Senior Bridge Facility Agreement, together with funds drawn under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, proceeds of the loans under the Senior Secured Bridge Facilities and a subordinated intercompany loan from NorCell 1B AB (publ), the direct parent of the Issuer (``MidCo'') (which was financed by a drawing by MidCo under the PIK Bridge Facilities), and capital contributions and Subordinated Shareholder Funding, were used by BidCo to acquire (the ``Acquisition'') all the Capital Stock in the Company, to repay certain existing indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries and to pay certain costs and expenses. The proceeds of the offering of the Notes sold on the Issue Date, together with cash on hand, will be used by the Issuer to repay the loans under the Senior Bridge Facility Agreement and to cover certain costs and expenses as set forth in this Offering Memorandum under the caption ``Use of Proceeds''. The Senior Secured Bridge Facilities were refinanced with the proceeds from the offering of Senior Secured Notes, which were issued on November 2, 2011, and with cash on hand.
Upon the initial issuance of the Notes, the Notes will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will be guaranteed only by BidCo but not by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Subject to the Agreed Security Principles, the Issuer shall procure that the guarantees granted by the Company and its subsidiaries to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are granted to the Notes on a senior subordinated basis by executing a supplemental indenture during the period between 45 days and 60 days after the Completion Date (the ``Post-Completion Period'').
The Indenture will be unlimited in aggregate principal amount and 287,058,000 in principal amount of Notes will be issued in this offering. We may issue an unlimited principal amount of additional Notes at later dates under the same Indenture (the ``Additional Notes''); provided, however, that we will only be permitted to issue Additional Notes in compliance with the covenants contained in the Indenture, including the covenant restricting the Incurrence of Indebtedness (as described below under ``--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Indebtedness''). The Notes issued in this offering and, if issued, any Additional Notes will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this ``Description of Notes'', references to the ``Notes'' include the Notes and any Additional Notes that are actually issued. The terms of the Notes include those set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture will not incorporate or include any of the provisions of the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
This ``Description of Notes'' is intended to be an overview of the material provisions of the Notes and the Indenture, and refers to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents (as defined below). It does not restate those agreements in their entirety. Since this description of the terms of the Notes is only a summary, you should refer to the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents for complete descriptions of the obligations of the Issuer and your rights because they, and not this summary, define your rights as holders of the Notes. Copies of the Indenture, the form of Notes, the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement are available as set forth under ``Available Information''. See the section entitled ``Description of Certain Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement'' for a summary of certain material terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
165
The registered holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. Only registered holders will have rights under the Indenture.
