On the Issue Date, all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. However, in the circumstances described below under ``--Certain Definitions-- Unrestricted Subsidiary'', the Issuer will be permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture.
General
On the Issue Date, the Notes will be secured by a second-ranking share pledge over all the shares of BidCo and a second-ranking pledge over any intercompany loans from the Issuer to BidCo (collectively, the ``Collateral''). The pledges in respect of the Collateral are referred to as the ``Security Documents''. Any other additional security interests that may in the future be granted to secure the obligations under the Notes and the Indenture would also constitute Collateral.
Subject to certain conditions, including compliance with the covenants described under ``--Certain Covenants-- Impairment of Security Interests'', the Issuer is permitted to pledge the Collateral in connection with future issuances of its Indebtedness or Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any Additional Notes, in each case, permitted under the Indenture and other Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
170
The proceeds from the sale of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations owed to the Holders of the Notes. No appraisals of the Collateral have been made in connection with this offering of Notes. By its nature, some or all of the Collateral will be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, the Collateral may not be able to be sold in a short period of time, or at all. See ``Risk Factors-- Risks Relating to the Notes--The Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Notes''.
Priority
The relative priority among (i) the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, (ii) the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and holders of the Senior Secured Notes, (iii) the counterparties under certain hedging contracts and (iv) the Trustee and the Holders under the Indenture, with respect to the Collateral and the security interests securing obligations under the Notes created by the Security Documents (the ``Security Interests'') is established by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Indenture and the Security Documents. See ``Description of Certain Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement''.
Security Documents
