The relative priority among (i) the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, (ii) the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and holders of the Senior Secured Notes, (iii) the counterparties under certain hedging contracts and (iv) the Trustee and the Holders under the Indenture, with respect to the Collateral and the security interests securing obligations under the Notes created by the Security Documents (the ``Security Interests'') is established by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Indenture and the Security Documents. See ``Description of Certain Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement''.
Under the Security Documents, the Issuer will grant a second ranking security interest over the Collateral to secure the payment when due of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' payment obligations under, inter alia, the Notes, the Guarantees and the Indenture. Pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the security interest granted over the Collateral to secure such payment obligations is a second ranking security interest. The Security Documents have been entered into by the relevant security provider and the Security Agent as agent for the secured parties. When entering into the Security Documents, the Security Agent will act in its own name, but as a representative of the secured parties (including the Holders from time to time). Under the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent will also act on behalf of the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, the counterparties under certain hedging contracts and holders of the Senior Secured Notes in relation to the Security Interests in favor of such parties.
The Indenture will provide that, subject to the terms thereof and of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes, as applicable, will be secured by the Security Interests in the Collateral. However, the Security Interests with respect to the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes may be released under certain circumstances as provided under ``-- Release of Liens'' below. See ``Risk Factors-- Risks Related to Our Structure--There are circumstances other than repayment or discharge of the Notes under which the collateral securing the Notes and the Notes Guarantees will be released automatically, without your consent or the consent of the Trustee''.
The Security Documents provide that the rights with respect to the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes must be exercised by the Security Agent. Since the Holders are not a party to the Security Documents, Holders may not, individually or collectively, take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents. The Holders may only act through the Security Agent.
In the event that the Issuer or its Subsidiaries enter into insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceedings, the Security Interests created under the Security Documents or the rights and obligations enumerated in the Intercreditor Agreement could be subject to potential challenges. If any challenge to the validity of the Security Interests or the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement were successful, the Holders might not be able to recover any amounts under the Security Documents. See the section entitled ``Risk Factors-- Risks Related to Our Structure--The Notes Guarantees and security interest will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability''.
Enforcement of Security Interests
The Intercreditor Agreement restricts the ability of the Holders or the Trustee to instruct the Security Agent to enforce the Security Interests and provide for the release of the Security Interests. Until the expiration of a standstill period on enforcement of such security on behalf of holders of the Notes, the creditors under the Senior Credit Facilities, the Senior Secured Notes and institutions who are counterparties to certain of our hedging arrangements will have (subject to certain limited exceptions) the exclusive right to make all decisions with respect to the enforcement of remedies relating to such collateral. In addition, if the creditors or the agent or the Senior Secured Notes Trustee under the Senior Credit Facilities or the Senior Secured Notes (as applicable) sell BidCo's shares through an enforcement
171
of their first-priority security interest in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, the second-priority security interest over such shares securing the Notes and the Notes Guarantees will be automatically released. See ``Description of Certain Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement.''
