such Change of Control and the absence of a Rating Decline, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
The Issuer's ability to repurchase Notes issued by it pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The occurrence of certain of the events that constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event would require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and would require BidCo to offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes. In addition, certain events that may constitute a change of control under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under such agreement may not constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event under the Indenture. Future Indebtedness of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries (including without limitation the Senior Secured Credit Facilities) may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the Holders of their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the Holders upon a repurchase may be limited by the Issuer's then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. See ``Risk Factors-- Risks Related to Our Structure--The Group may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control triggering event as required by the Indenture''.
The definition of ``Change of Control'' includes a disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to specified other Persons. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ``substantially all'', there is no precise established definition of the phrase ``substantially all'' under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred and whether a Holder may require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as described above.
The provisions of the Indenture relating to the Issuer's obligation to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event may be waived or modified with the written consent of holders of a majority in outstanding principal amount of the Notes.
Certain Covenants
Limitation on Indebtedness
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, Incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness); provided, however, that the Issuer and any Guarantor may Incur Indebtedness if on the date of such Incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds thereof), the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries is no greater than (x) 5.5 to 1.0, if the date of such Incurrence is prior to the one-year anniversary of the Issue Date or (y) 5.25 to 1.0, if the date of such Incurrence is on or after the one-year anniversary of the Issue Date.
The first paragraph of this covenant will not prohibit the Incurrence of the following Indebtedness:
(1) Indebtedness Incurred by the Issuer or any Guarantor pursuant to any Credit Facility (including in respect of letters of credit or bankers' acceptances issued or created thereunder), and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and Guarantees in respect of such Indebtedness in a maximum aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding (i) SEK 7,600 million, plus (ii) in the case of any refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under this clause (1) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses Incurred in connection with such refinancing, less (iii) the aggregate amount of all Net
