The obligations of a Guarantor incorporated in Sweden under its Guarantee of the Notes and the security provided as security for the obligations under the Notes by a company incorporated in Sweden will be limited if required by an application of the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) regulating transfers of values (Sw. värdeöverföringar). The liability of each such Guarantor in respect of such obligations will only apply to the extent permitted by such provisions of the Swedish Companies Act.
Subordination of the Guarantees on the Basis of the Intercreditor Agreement
Each of the Guarantees is a senior subordinated Guarantee, which means that, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, each such Guarantee ranks behind, and is expressly subordinated to, all the existing and future Senior Indebtedness of the relevant Guarantor, including any obligations owed by the relevant Guarantor under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Senior Secured Notes. The ability to take enforcement action against the Guarantors under their Guarantees is subject to significant restrictions imposed by the Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of the Guarantees, and potentially any Additional Intercreditor Agreements entered into after the Issue Date. For a description of the restrictions imposed by the Intercreditor Agreement, see ``Description of Certain Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement.''
Because of the foregoing subordination provisions, it is likely that holders of Senior Indebtedness and other creditors of a Guarantor would recover disproportionately more than the holders of the Notes recover in any insolvency or similar proceeding relating to such Guarantor. In any such case, there may be insufficient assets, or no assets, remaining to pay the principal of or interest on the Notes.
Principal and Maturity
The Issuer will issue 287,058,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes on the Issue Date. Notes will mature on September 29, 2019. The Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof.
Interest
Interest on the Notes will accrue at the rate of 10%% per annum. Interest on the Notes will:
· accrue from the date of original issuance or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid;
