(1) such Holder has previously given the Trustee notice that an Event of Default is continuing;
(3) such Holders have offered the Trustee, and the Trustee has received, security and/or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense;
(4) the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt of the request and the offer of security and/or indemnity; and
(5) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period.
Subject to certain restrictions, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes are given the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee.
The Indenture will provide that, in the event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee will be required in the exercise of its powers to use the degree of care that a prudent person would use in the conduct of its own affairs. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or the Indenture or that the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. Prior to taking any action under the Indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to indemnification and/or security satisfactory to it in its sole discretion against all losses and expenses caused by taking or not taking such action. The Indenture will provide that if a Default occurs and is continuing and the Trustee is informed of such occurrence by the Issuer, the Trustee must give notice of the Default to the Holders within 60 days after being notified by the Issuer. Except in the case of a Default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on any Note, the Trustee may withhold notice if and so long as a committee of trust officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding notice is in the interests of the Holders. The Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, an Officer's Certificate indicating whether the signers thereof know of any Default that occurred during the previous year. The Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the occurrence thereof, written notice of any events of which it is aware which would constitute certain Defaults, their status and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof.
The Notes provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Holders in certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. It may not be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions in relation to the Notes and, accordingly, in such circumstances the Trustee will be unable to take action, notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity to it, and it will be for Holders to take action directly.
202
Amendments and Waivers
