Principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents; provided that all such payments with respect to
Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by a nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder or Holders thereof.
Principal, interest and premium, if any, on any certificated securities (``Definitive Registered Notes'') will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents maintained for such purposes in London, United Kingdom and Luxembourg. In addition, interest on the Definitive Registered Notes may be paid by check mailed to the Person entitled thereto as shown on the register for the Definitive Registered Notes. See ``-- Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes''.
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more Paying Agents for the Notes in each of (i) London, United Kingdom (the ``Principal Paying Agent'') and (ii) Luxembourg for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market (but only if the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require). The Issuer will also undertake to maintain a Paying Agent in a European Union member state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 regarding the taxation of savings income (the ``Directive''), or any law implementing or complying with or introduced in order to conform to such Directive. The initial Paying Agents will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg.
The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ``Registrar'') with offices in Luxembourg. The initial Registrar will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg. The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent. The initial transfer agent will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. The Registrar and the transfer agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined herein) outstanding from time to time, if any, and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Issuer. Each transfer agent shall perform the functions of a transfer agent.
The Issuer may change any Paying Agents, Registrars or transfer agents for the Notes without prior notice to the Holders of such Notes. However, for so long as Notes are listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar in respect of the Notes.
Releases of the Guarantees
The Guarantee of a Guarantor will terminate:
