18/73
if the applicable Put Option Amount exceed the Put Option Threshold Amount during any Calculation Period; and (b) no event shall constitute a Put Option Event if a waiver thereof has been resolved by simple majority of the Voting Bonds in a Bondholders' Meeting. "Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event). "Put Option Threshold Amount" means USD 25,000,000. "Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December. "Release Notice" means a release notice substantially in the form as set out in Schedule 2 hereto. "Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway. "Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows: (a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time; (b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and (c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution: (i) the date falling 3 Business Days after the Summons have been published; or (ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior
to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority. "Relevant Period" means a period of twelve months ending on the relevant Calculation Date.
L 9966608J / l 27.06.18 112653-017
19/73
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Obligors under the Finance Documents.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
