10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to:
39/73
(i) in relation to an Asset Disposal Event, a Share Disposal Event and a Change of Control Event, 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(ii) in relation to a Total Loss Event, 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 {Put Option Event or Mandatory Prepayment Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) The Issuer's obligation to redeem Bonds hereunder shall be limited to a number of Bonds and YME Bonds (allocated pro rata between Bondholders and the Yme Bondholders exercising the Put Option) with an aggregate Nominal Amount equal to the Put Option Amount.
(d) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be (i) in relation to an Asset Disposal Event and a Share Disposal Event, the 10th Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above, (ii) in relation to a Change of Control Event, the 15thBusiness Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above and (iii) in relation to a Total Loss Event, once the insurance proceeds (if any) are available to the relevant Group Company, but in any event no later than 210 calendar days following the occurrence of the Total Loss Event.
(e) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15thcalendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Mandatory redemption due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event Upon the occurrence of the Conditions Precedent Long Stop Date Event the Issuer shall immediately notify the Bond Trustee in writing thereof and, not later than 30 calendar days following such event, redeem all Outstanding Bonds at a redemption price at 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds). Funds deposited on the Escrow Account may be used for such purpose.
