"Initial Public Offering" means an initial public offering of the Issuer's common shares on Nasdaq Stockholm or Nasdaq First North.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.3.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of Management Profit to Total Financial Items.
"Interest Payment Date" means 15 March, 15 June, 15 September and 15 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 15 March 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Maturity Date (or any final Redemption Date prior thereto).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). Any Subsequent Notes will carry Interest at the Interest Rate (i) from, but excluding the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance to, and including, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means the three (3) month STIBOR (STIBOR floor at 0 per cent.) plus 7.00 per cent. per annum, with quarterly interest payments in arrears.
"Issuer" means Offentliga Hus i Norden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden under Reg. No. 556824-2696.
"Issuing Agent" means Swedbank AB (publ), Reg. No. 502017-7753, SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"Listing Failure" means the situation where:
