"Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Note.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Properties" means all real properties and site leasehold rights (Sw. tomträtter) owned by any member of the Group from time to time.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the First Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period (i.e., the day that period commences, even if no interest accrues on such day).
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 14 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Noteholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
