9.4 9.4.1 9.4.2 9.4.3 9.5 9.5.1
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full on any Business Day falling within the period starting ninety (90) days before the Final Maturity Date up to but excluding the Final Maturity Date. The Notes shall be redeemed at an amount per Note equal to one hundred and one (101) per cent. of the Nominal Amount or, provided that such early redemption is financed in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s) in which the Noteholders shall have the possibility to participate by way of roll-over (however subject to the Issuer's decision on allocation), one hundred (100) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders and the Agent of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3.1 or 9.3.2 no later than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Redemption Date, calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3.1 or 9.3.2 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive amounts due on such Redemption Date.
A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, Listing Failure or De-listing Event (as applicable).
