"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Saturday or Sunday or other public holiday. Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Cash" means immediately available funds in bank or postal accounts.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
1
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events following the First Issue Date whereby any person or group of persons (other than the Ultimate Owners) acting in concert, (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and has the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of shares or votes in the Issuer, or (ii) has the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 3 (Form o f Compliance Certificate), and reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time.
"De-listing Event" means, following an Initial Public Offering, the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) the shares of the Issuer listed on the relevant Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place cease to be listed on such market or (ii) trading in the shares in the Issuer on the relevant market is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
