The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent's obligations as agent under these Terms and Conditions are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf o f the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent's duties under these Terms and Conditions are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and upon instructions from the Holders, unless otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Holders or any other Person.
The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of these Terms and Conditions unless, and only to the extent, it is expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any event of default (or any event that may lead to an event of default) has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent is entitled to assume that no event of default (or any event that may lead to an event of default) has occurred.
22
21.2.6
