10.4.3
The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the date falling 120 calendar days before the Final Redemption Date, at a price equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest, provided that such early redemption is financed in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s) in which the Holders shall have the possibility to participate by way of roll-over (however subject to the Issuer's decision on allocation).
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of 30 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure (as applicable) pursuant to Clause 11.10.1(e). The 30 calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.10.1(e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4.1.
