9.2.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th o f the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days o f the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, o f which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives ui iiie iwu parlies, ii ihe parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
9.2.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number o f elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement Date to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date. The number o f days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
16
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts o f the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option), always provided that relative portion redeemed in the Fixed Tranche and FRN Tranche shall be proportional: (i) any time from the Disbursement Date to, but not included, 13 October 2007 at 102 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, always provided that this Call Option is only applicable for the proceeds from the Loan remaining on the Escrow Account on the date o f such call. If all the amount on the Escrow Account is utilized and the Additional Equity is in place within these three months, this Call Option is also applicable for an amount equal to the amount o f new equity, however maximum NOK 280 million.
(ii) any time from and included 13 October 2007 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 103 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount. If the Loan is called according to this clause during the first year after Disbursement Date, the Bondholders shall, in addition to 103 % o f par value, receive interest for a full year, regardless o f when the Loan is called.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed o f this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
