(b) in respect o f an Asset Sale Restriction Event, an amount equalling 75 % o f the gross transaction value o f the relevant disposal of less the book value o f any debt related to such asset or company,
(d) in respect of a Change o f Control Event, an amount equalling the Remaining Loan.
For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid limitation shall be calculated in connection with each event triggering a Put Option. Any unutilised putable amount shall not be carried forward to another event triggering a new Put Option.
If the Bondholders demand an amount of Bonds to be putted which exceeds the aforesaid limitation on the putable amount, the Loan Trustee shall draw lots o f which Bonds shall be early redeemed and which Bonds which shall not.
The Put Option must be exercised within twenty Banking Days after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1 (h), always provided that in respect o f a Change of Control Event, the Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Borrower has given such notice.
The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder independently by giving written notice of me request tu liic Bunuiiuiuer's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent of the Loan (the "Paying Agent") o f the pre-payment request. The put date shall be the twenty-fifth - 25 - Banking Days after the aforesaid notification to the Bondholder by the Borrower, always provided that in respect o f a Put Option triggered by a Change o f Control Event, the put date shall be fifteen - 1 5 - Banking Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
11 Interest in the event of late paym ent
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
