In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means (i) until conversion to IFRS, the generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden as applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual consolidated financial statements for 2012 and (ii) following conversion, international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into between the Agent and the Issuer on or about the Issue Date regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent.
"Agent" means Swedish Trustee AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee Iförvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Bondholders' Meeting).
