"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee Iförvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bonds" means a debt instrument (skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
2
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, not being an Investor (or an Affiliate of the Investors), acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50) per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it) and, in connection with an Incurrence Test, the relevant financial information to verify the compliance with the Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 5561128074, P.O. Box 191,101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
