"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Shareholder Loans" means any existing or future loan provided to the Issuer by any direct or indirect shareholder or member of the Issuer or any other affiliated party not being a Group Company, excluding any Short Term Credits, and provided that such loans are fully subordinated (including with a maturity date falling after repayment of the Bonds and no payment of principal) to all amounts owed under the Bonds pursuant to the Subordination Agreement which shall include provisions ensuring (i) no acceleration of the loan or enforcement rights of any claim prior to all outstanding amounts under the Bonds having been repaid and discharged in full and (ii) obligations on the lender of each such loan to fully cooperate and take any steps that may be required by the Bond Trustee to protect the rights of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Transaction Security Documents, provided that interest on Shareholder Loans may be paid in cash subject to the interest rate being on marketable terms and no Event of Default being outstanding (and interest payments in cash only to be made to the extent it is a Permitted Distribution)), and where each such loan granted to any of the Obligors shall be subject to the Assignment of Shareholder Loans.
"Short Term Credits" means non-interest bearing loans or other credits that are provided by the Sponsor or another shareholder of the Issuer and granted to a member of the Group and that are due and payable in full within 30 days (without any roll-over loan permitted to be included).
"Sponsor" means KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC and its affiliates, including but not limited to KKR & Co. L.P. and Kholberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (collectively, "KKR"), acting directly or through any of KKR's managed or advised funds and accounts.
"Subordination Agreement" means an agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Issuer, the Parent and any other Obligor, subordinating the claims arising under the Group Loan and under any Shareholders Loans to the Bond Terms and the other Finance Documents, on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
