5.4 Except as provided in Section 16.2, the Agent is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Company or a third party if it is, in the Agent's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, releasing or enforcing the Intercompany Loan Pledge or the TCS Guarantee or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the Intercompany Loan Pledge and the TCS Guarantee respectively.
5.6 If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the enforcement of the Security Documents, the Agent is obliged to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the Intercompany Loan Pledge and/or the TCS Guarantee. However, if the Bonds are not terminated, the Agent shall not enforce the Intercompany Loan Pledge and/or the TCS Guarantee. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination and enforcement of the Intercompany Loan Pledge and/or demanding payment under the TCS Guarantee in accordance with Section 16, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the Security Documents. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
5.7 Funds originating from an enforcement of the Intercompany Loan Pledge and the TCS Guarantee shall be distributed in proportion to each Holder's investment in the Bonds. Funds that the Agent receives on account of the Holders in connection with the enforcement of the Intercompany Loan Pledge and/or the TCS Guarantee constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders. If the Agent deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Section 5.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
5.8 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of enforcing the Security Documents, the Company irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent to act in the name of the Company, and on behalf of the Company, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Section 5.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Section 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Company shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Section 5.7. Especially, the Company shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the Agent with a written power of
D-998279-vl
15
attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Section 5.7 to the Holders through the CSD.
6 Transferability 6.1 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of these Terms
and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer. 6.2 Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
