Bonds held by the Company and by any of the Group Companies will cease to carry the right to attend and vote at the Holder's meetings and will not be taken into account, inter alia, for the purposes of Section 16.
If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be paid to a designated bank account, such payment will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. If a day on which an amount becomes due and payable is not a Banking Day the amount will be deposited or transferred the next following Banking Day. However, interest only accrues up to and including the relevant due date.
Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. Payment will be made to the person registered as Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the actual payment date.
If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
10 Default interest
10.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to the Interest Rate plus two (2) per cent., from, but excluding, the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
10.2 If the delay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent respectively, as set out in Section 24.1, the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
11 Early redemption by request of the Company
11.1 All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Company on or after the Early Redemption Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not
