14.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 14.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with an Officers' Certificate certifying that, to its knowledge, no event which would entitle the Agent to accelerate the Bonds under Section 14.1 is outstanding or, if it is aware that such an event is outstanding, specifying the steps, if any, taken by the Company to remedy it. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 14.1, including providing an Officers' Certificate as to the definition of "Material Subsidiary" and regarding if a "Material Adverse Effect", in the opinion of the Company, has occurred, and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 14.
14.7 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 14.1, the Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be
D-998279-vl
25
declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 16. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 16, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
15 Termination and enforcement
The Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to Section 14 and the security created under the Security Documents cannot be enforced, without relevant decision by the Agent or by the Holders' meeting pursuant to Section 16.
16 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.
16.1 General
