16 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.
Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Security Documents in every matter concerning the Bonds, the Intercompany Loan Pledge and the TCS Guarantee, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds, the Intercompany Loan Pledge or the TCS Guarantee or the opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Company or TCS). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Security Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent.
16.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Agent and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. If the Agent establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a
D-998279-vl
26
procedure in writing. The Agent must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Agent determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders'meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be given by the Agent to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 21 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. The Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote. The Agent shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing).
