If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent), will prevail.
(f) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman of the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting which shall include a list of all Holders that were entitled to vote, any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed by the meeting to verily the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation of votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Agent shall disregard any answers that do not follow listed alternatives or where voting right does not appear in the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may be represented at the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(g) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
(h) If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Agent at the address notified by the
D-998279-vl
28
Agent in the notice which shall be sent to the Holders according to Section 16.2 (b). For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that do not follow listed alternatives (in a decision form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section 16.2 (f).
(i) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted.
(j) When applying this Section 16, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 22, shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee (i) certifying that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 22 and this Section 16.2 (j).
