acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
16.4 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent under these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Security Documents pursuant to a separate agreement between the Company and the Agent. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Security Documents, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Section 14.7 and take all actions necessary to perfect and maintain the Security Documents without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent does not receive remuneration or is indemnified by the Company or the Holders, the Agent has a right to reasonable remuneration from any amount received from the Company or from the enforcement of the Intercompany Loan Pledge and/or the TCS Guarantee before payment is made to the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. Under such circumstances, the Agent shall promptly give an account of any amount assimilated to the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Sections 14, 15 and 16.1.
17 Amendments of the Terms and Conditions
17.1 The Agent may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms and Conditions or the terms and conditions of the Security Documents as long as such amendment does not limit the obligation of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, to the Agents discretion, may materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders or that such amendment is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions. Subject to decisions of the Holders in accordance with Section 16, the Agent may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments.
17.2 When the Bonds are listed on OMX, the Agent may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Security Documents to ensure that they comply with applicable legislation
D-998279-vl
30
and any requirements for listing, as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders.
