21.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company or the Agent shall be given in English to the Company or the Agent as the case may be and, if to the Company, with a copy to the Agent, at the addresses set forth in Section 1.
In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions in Section 16).
23 The Agent's obligations and right to engage third parties
23.1 For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
23.2 The Agent may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions or the terms and conditions of the Security Documents. The reasonable costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Agent is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
24 Limitation of liability etc.
24.1 The Company, the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict.
24.2 The Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, or any affiliates to the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, or any affiliates to the Agent, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, be liable for indirect damage.
24.3 The Agent shall not be liable for damage caused in connection with the enforcement of the Intercompany Loan Pledge or the TCS Guarantee (irrespective if such claim would have been made under these Terms and Conditions or the terms and conditions of the Security Documents), unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
