Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.* (Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)), 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event (put option)) 0 (e), 15.5, 17.16, 18.1, 19.1 and 20.* shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 25.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
56
26. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 26.1 Neither the Agent/Security Agent nor the Managers shal1 be held
responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent/Security Agent or the Managers itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures. 26.2 A Manager shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. A Manager shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct. 26.3 Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent/Security Agent or the Managers from taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. 26.4 The provisions in this Clause 26 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence. 27. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 27.1 These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. 27.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to Clause 27.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance. 27.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Agent/Security Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.
***
57
W e hereby certify that the ab ove Term s and C ond itions are b inding upon o u r se lv e s.
