"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, 103 91 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it as Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programs and other market funding programs), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognized market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance that has a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b)the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Merger" means the merger between SBH 3 and VASS whereby SBH 3 is the surviving entity and which shall be completed once the VASS
8
Assets have been disposed of in accordance with the VASS Asset Disposal but prior to the SBH 3 Asset Disposal. "NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420-8394, 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group. "Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue which shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o f proceeds) after deduction has been made for (i) the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Managers and the Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, (ii) any legal fees in relation to the issuance of the Bonds and (iii) any other agreed costs and expenses. "Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. "Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantors. "Operating Company" means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of SBH 2 or any other Obligor (other than SBH 3 and VASS) established for the purpose of acquiring and operating all or parts of the assets subject to the VASS Asset Disposal or the SBH 3 Asset Disposal (as the case may be).
"Operating Company Share Pledge Agreement" means each of the share pledge agreements regarding a first priority pledge over all of the shares in each of the Operating Companies entered into between SBH 2 or the relevant Obligor which is the direct shareholder of the Operating Company and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders). "Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning ascribed to such term under paragraph (b) under the definition of Financial Indebtedness.
"Permitted Basket" has the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph (p) under the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness. "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness: (a) incurred under the Bonds, the Acquisition Loans or any
