11
(h) provided in relation to the Permitted Basket. "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality. "Pre-Disbursement Share Pledge Agreements" means each of the share pledge agreements regarding a first priority pledge over all of the shares in each of SBH 2 and SBH 3 entered into between the relevant Obligor which is the direct shareholder of SBH 2 or SBH 3 (respectively) and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders).
"Purpose of the Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 4.2. "QIB" has the meaning set forth in 5.7. "Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market. "Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repaid in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption and repayment o f the Bonds).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments). "Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
12
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1 (.Distributions). "Rindi Pellet Business" means all the pellets businesses within Rindi Energi AB, including but not limited to Rindi Pellets in Alvdalen and Rindi Pellets in Vansbro. "Sale and Purchase Agreement" means the share sale and purchase agreement between SBH 3 and the Seller entered into on 14 February 2014 setting out the sale of all of the Seller's shares in VASS to SBH 3. "SBH" means Solør Bioenergi Holding AS, reg. no. 989 244 051, Postboks 46, 2261 Kirkenær, Norge. "SBH 2" means SBH Acquisition 2 AB, reg. no. 556959-8864, c/o Anders Pettersson, Orsavagen 35, 167 76 Bromma. "SBH 3" means SBH Acquisition 3 AB, reg. no. 556959-8880, c/o Anders Pettersson, Orsavagen 35, 167 76 Bromma. "SBH 3 Asset Disposal" means the disposal to one or more Operating Companies of all assets of SBH 3 acquired through the Merger and which constitutes all remaining assets of VASS after completion of the VASS Asset Disposal. "Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee. "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any Person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Security Agent" means the Agent when acting in its capacity as security agent on behalf of the Holders in relation to the Security Documents, or another party replacing it as Security Agent in accordance with the Finance Documents.
"Security Documents" means the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements, the Share Pledge Agreements and the Assignment together with any other documents requested by the Security Agent in relation to the perfection of the Security. "SEK" means the official currency of Sweden.
13
