"Security Documents" means the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements, the Share Pledge Agreements and the Assignment together with any other documents requested by the Security Agent in relation to the perfection of the Security. "SEK" means the official currency of Sweden.
"Seller" means E.ON Värme Sverige AB, reg. no. 556146-1814, a 1imited 1iability company incorporated under the 1aws of Sweden.
"Share Pledge Agreements" means each of the Pre-Disbursement Share Pledge Agreements, the VASS Share Pledge Agreement and the Operating Company Share P1edge Agreements.
"Sponsors" means BE Bio Energy Group AG and the group of large international US and UK based industrial companies committing to the SEK 720,000,000 private placement announced 16 May 2014.
"STIBOR" means the interest rate published on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm's website (or such other system or on such other page which may replace the mentioned system and page, respectively) at approximately 11 a.m. CET on each Interest Determination Date or, if no such quotation exists, in all cases as determined by the Managers, using the average of four Nordic commercial banks' (determined by the Managers) quoted interbank market interest rates in Stockholm or, if only one or no such quotation is available, the interest rate which according to the Managers' assessment is the interest rate offered by Swedish commercial banks for lending SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period of time on the interbank market in Stockholm.
"Subordinated Loans" means any loan raised by the Issuer provided such Financial Indebtedness is (i) unsecured, (ii) according to its terms and pursuant to a subordination agreement or similar agreement satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably) between the relevant creditor and the Agent, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, (iii) according to its terms have a final maturity date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date and (iv) shall not benefit from Financial Support provided by another Group Company. For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall be permitted to accrue and be paid on any Subordinated /oans provided such interest is on fair market terms and is allowed to be paid in accordance with Clause 12.1 (Distributions).
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority
14
of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with IFRS.
