"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
1
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, " control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms " controlling" and " controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the Finance Documents, from time to time, initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, 103 90 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Assignment" means an assignment (Sw. säkerhetsöverlåtelse) to the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) over all or part (as applicable) of the assets an Operating Company acquires pursuant to the SBH 3 Asset Disposal.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw.julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
