(c) an amount equal to 100.60 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Maturity Date.
"Change of Control Event" means if any Person or group of Persons under the same Decisive Influence, or two or more Persons acting in concert (other than the Sponsors or any indirectly or directly owned Subsidiary of the Sponsors) obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that (i) so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (ii) if provided in connection with an application of the Financial Covenants, that the Financial Covenants are met including calculations and figures in respect of the ratios.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Current Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's assets (on a consolidated basis) which are treated as current assets in accordance with IFRS less the aggregate book value of any restricted cash (where restricted cash means cash which is pledged but not blocked).
"Current Liabilities" means the aggregate book value of the Group's liabilities (on a consolidated basis) which are treated as current liabilities
3
in accordance with IFRS, excluding the current portion of 1ong term debt but adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze. "Current Ratio" means the ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities. "Decisive Influence" means a Person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another Person: (a) a majority of the voting rights in that other Person; or (b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board
