3
of directors of that other Person. When determining the relevant Person's number of voting rights in the other Person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant Person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included. "Derivative Transaction" has the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph (k) under the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness. "EBITDA" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the Group's aggregate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization according to the latest Financial Report(s) before taking into account the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Managers and the Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds. "Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS. "Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets. "Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held by the Escrow Bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement. "Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
4
"Escrow Bank" means Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), reg. no. 502007-7862.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Existing Rindi Debt" means the total aggregate Financial Indebtedness in an amount of approximately SEK 850,000,000 provided by a number of different banks and financial institutions to various Subsidiaries of Rindi Energy AB.
"Final Maturity Date" means 10 June 2019.
"Finance Charges" means, for any Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness (excluding (i) PIK interest on any shareholder loans or other subordinated loans and (ii) the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Managers and the Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds) whether paid, payable or capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Financial Covenants" means the financial covenants specified in Clause 12.4 (Financial Covenants).
