16.2 If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 15.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 15.1.
42
pursuant to the Security Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as reasonably practicable. 16.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply. 17. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS 17.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. 17.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by themjointly) for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting. 17.3 The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the Holders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
43
17.4 Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (Right to act on behalfo fa Holder) from a Person who is, registered as a Holder:
(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or
(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
17.5 The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3:
