"First Call Date" means the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Funds Flow Statement" means the description of flow of funds disbursed from the Escrow Account for the purpose of, together with part of the first tranche of the equity contribution, finance the purchase price set out in the Sale and Purchase Agreement in order to complete the Transaction.
6
"Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee" means a Swedish law governed unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee provided by each of the Guarantors for the purpose of guaranteeing the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents where payment pursuant to such guarantee shall be made within two (2) Business Days of demand. "Guarantor" means an Initial Guarantor and an Additional Guarantor.
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond. "Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Holders'Meeting).
"IFRS" means the international financial reporting standards within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges. "Initial Guarantors" means each of SBH, SBH 2 and SBH 3. "Intercompany Loans" means any and all existing and future intercompany loans entered into between an Obligor and another Obligor.
"Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements" means each of the pledge agreements regarding a first priority pledge of all of the relevant Obligor's present and future money claims under the Acquisition Loans and/or the Intercompany Loans (as applicable) entered into between the relevant Obligor and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders). "Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 10.1 to 10.3. "Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges. "Interest Determination Date" means the day falling two (2) Business Days before each Interest Period. "Interest Payment Date" means 10 March, 10 June, 10 September and 10 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day,
