DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES
Dometic Group AB (publ) (the "Issuer") will issue the Notes under an indenture (the "Indenture") between, among others, the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as the trustee (the "Trustee") and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as Security Agent (the "Security Agent"), in a private transaction that is not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act").
Certain defined terms used in this description but not defined below under "--Certain Definitions" have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. You can find the definitions of certain terms used in this description under the subheading "--Certain Definitions". In this description, the term "Issuer" refers only to Dometic Group AB (publ), the term "Intermediary Holding Company" refers only to Dometic Koncern AB and the term "Company" refers only to Dometic Group Services AB and not to any of their respective Subsidiaries.
The Issuer is a public company limited by shares organized under the laws of Sweden. The Issuer has no material business operations and will have no material assets other than the shares in the Intermediary Holding Company and its rights under the Proceeds Loan and at all times, any Intercompany Loan. As a result, the Issuer will be wholly dependent on distributions from its subsidiaries to provide any funds necessary to make any the required payments under the Notes.
Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this "Description of the Notes" to the Notes include the Notes and any Additional Notes that are issued. The terms of the Notes include those set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture will not incorporate or include any of the provisions of, nor be subject to, the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The Security Documents referred to below under the caption "--Collateral'' define the terms of the security that will secure the Notes.
The following description is a summary of the material provisions of the Indenture, the Notes and the Security Documents. This description does not restate those agreements in their entirety. We urge you to read the Indenture, the Notes and the Security Documents because they, and not this description, define your rights as holders of the Notes. Copies of the Indenture, the form of Note and the Security Documents, are available as set forth below under "--Additional Information".
The registered holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. Only registered holders will have rights under the Indenture.
Brief Description of the Notes The Notes The Notes: · will be general obligations of the Issuer;
· will be pari passu in right of payment to any future Indebtedness of the Issuer that is not subordinated in right of payment to the Notes;
