Brief Description of the Notes The Notes The Notes:  will be general obligations of the Issuer;
 will be senior to any future Indebtedness of the Issuer that is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes;
 will be secured by a first-priority pledge over the shares in the Intermediary Holding Company and a first-priority security interest in the Proceeds Loan and any Intercompany Loan; and
 will be effectively subordinated to all obligations of any of the Issuer's subsidiaries.
The operations of the Issuer are conducted through its Subsidiaries and, therefore, the Issuer depends on the cash flow of Its Subsidiaries to meet its obligations, including its obligations under the Notes. On the Issue Date, none of the Issuer's subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes. The Notes will be effectively subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness and other liabilities and commitments (including trade payables and lease obligations) of any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries. Any right of the
113
Issuer to receive assets of any of its Subsidiaries upon that Subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization (and the consequent right of the holders of the Notes to participate in those assets) will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that Subsidiary's creditors. See "Risk Factors--Risks relating to Our Capital Structure and Security--The Issuer is the sole obligor of the Notes, and its subsidiaries will not guarantee its obligations under the Notes; the Notes are structurally subordinated to the debt and liabilities of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. "
As of the Issue Date all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will be "Restricted Subsidiaries" for purposes of the Indenture. However, under the circumstances described below under the caption "Certain Covenants--Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries", the Issuer will be permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries as "Unrestricted Subsidiaries" . Most of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture do not apply to Unrestricted Subsidiaries.
Principal, Maturity and Interest The Issuer will issue the Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 314 million. The Notes will mature on June 26, 2019 unless redeemed prior thereto as described herein. The redemption price at maturity is 100.000%. Subject to the covenant described below under "Certain Covenants--Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock" , the Issuer is permitted to issue Additional Notes under the Indenture from time to time after the Issue Date as PIK Interest (as defined below). Any issuance of Additional Notes is subject to the covenants in the Indenture. The Notes and any Additional Notes that are issued will be treated as a single class for all purposes of the Indenture, including, without limitation, those with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. In connection with the payment of PIK Interest (as defined below) on, and any Additional Amounts with respect to, the Notes, the Issuer is entitled, without the consent of the holders, to issue Additional Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the "Notes" for all purposes of the Indenture and in this " Description of the Notes" include references to any Additional Notes that are issued. The Issuer will issue Notes in denominations of 1.00 and integral multiples of 1.00 in excess thereof; provided that the Notes may only be transferred in amounts of 100,000 or greater.
