Any Net Proceeds from Asset Sales that are not applied or invested as provided in the second paragraph of this covenant will constitute "Excess Proceeds". When the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds 20.0 million, within ten Business Days thereof, the Issuer will make an offer (an "Asset Sale Offer") to all holders of Notes, to make an offer to all holders of other Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Notes to purchase, prepay or redeem with the proceeds of sales of assets to purchase, prepay or redeem the maximum principal amount of Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness (plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses,
including premiums, incurred in connection therewith) that may be purchased, prepaid or redeemed out of the Excess Proceeds.
The offer price for the Notes in any Asset Sale Offer will be equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the date of purchase, prepayment or redemption, subject to the rights of holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date, and will be payable in cash. If any Excess Proceeds remain after consummation of an Asset Sale Offer, the Issuer may use those Excess Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness tendered into (or to be prepaid or redeemed in connection with) such Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds so applied, the Trustee will select the Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness, if applicable, to be purchased on a pro rata basis (or in the manner described under "--Selection and Notice"), based on the amounts tendered or required to be prepaid or redeemed. Upon completion of each Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds will be reset at zero.
The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the U.S. Exchange Act and any other applicable securities laws and regulations to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with each repurchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer or an Asset Sale Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control or Asset Sale provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control or Asset Sale provisions of the Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
Selection and Notice If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee or the Registrar will select Notes for redemption on a pro rata basis (or, in the case of Notes issued in global form as discussed under "Book-Entry, Delivery and Form", based on a method that most nearly approximates a pro rata selection), unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or depository requirements. Neither the Trustee nor the Registrar shall be liable for selections made by them in accordance with this paragraph.
No Notes in aggregate principal amount of 100,000 or less can be redeemed in part. Notices of redemption will be mailed by first class mail at least 30 but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture.
If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note will state the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed. A new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note will be issued in the name of the holder of Notes upon cancellation of the original Note. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.
For Notes which are represented by global certificates held on behalf of Euroclear, notices may be given by delivery of the relevant notices to Euroclear for communication to entitled account holders in substitution for the aforesaid mailing. So long as any Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, any such notice to the holders of the relevant Notes shall also be published in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and, in connection with any redemption, the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any change in the principal amount of Notes outstanding.
126
