(ii) all cash and Cash Equivalents on hand at the Issuer as of such Determination Date (other than any cash and Cash Equivalents on hand at the Issuer that have been distributed to the Issuer and the distribution of which was conditioned (under restrictions on the ability to make such dividends or distributions that are permitted by the covenant described under "--Certain Covenants--Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries") upon such cash and Cash Equivalents being utilized for a purpose other than the payment of Cash Interest (including without limitation any such exception allowing amounts to be distributed to the Issuer solely for the purpose of paying taxes and other corporate and administrative expenses attributable to the Issuer or its consolidated Subsidiaries)), which amount pursuant to this clause (ii) shall in no event be less than 0; provided that there shall be excluded from this clause (ii) any net proceeds from the Notes issued on the Issue Date and any cash and Cash Equivalents on hand to be used for payment of Cash Interest on the interest payment date next succeeding such Determination Date.
(2) "Determination Date" shall mean, with respect to each interest period, the 15th calendar day immediately prior to the first day of the relevant interest period.
In the event that the Issuer shall be entitled to pay PIK Interest for any interest period, then the Issuer shall deliver a notice to the Trustee (copied to the Paying Agent) following the Determination Date but not less than five Business Days prior to the commencement of the relevant interest period, which notice shall state the total amount of interest to be paid on such interest payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid as PIK Interest. The Trustee shall promptly deliver the same notice to the holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the delivery of such notice to the Trustee shall not restrict the Issuer's ability to pay, at its option, a greater portion of the interest on the Notes with respect to such interest period as Cash Interest. Interest for the first interest period commencing on the Issue Date shall be payable entirely as Cash Interest. Interest for the final interest period ending at stated maturity shall be payable entirely as Cash Interest.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the payment of accrued interest in connection with any redemption or repurchase of the Notes as described under "--Optional Redemption", "--Repurchase at the Option of Holders--Change of Control" and "--Repurchase at the Option of Holders--Asset Sales", will be made solely in cash.
The ability of the Restricted Subsidiaries to make dividends, distributions or "permitted payments" to the Issuer pursuant to the Senior Facilities Agreement or other instruments or agreements governing other Indebtedness of the Issuer and Subsidiaries is subject to important exceptions.
116
See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements" and "Risk Factors--Risks Relating to Our Capital Structure--The Issuer is the sole obligor of the Notes, and its subsidiaries will not guarantee its obligations under the Notes; the Notes are structurally subordinated to the debt and liabilities of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. "
As of March 31, 2014, on a pro forma basis to give effect to the Offering and the Refinancing, we have satisfied the relevant "permitted payment" test under our Senior Facilities Agreement to pay the first interest period on the Notes entirely in cash. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Senior Facilities--Permitted payment tests." The calculation of "permitted payments" is based on specific performance requirements on both a historical and forward looking basis, as a result, such "permitted payments" capacity is not necessarily an indication of our cash position on such date or any date in the future.
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a "Paying Agent) for the Notes in each of (i) the City of London (the "Principal Paying Agent") and (ii) Luxembourg for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF market if the rules require. The Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of November 26 and 27, 2000 on the taxation of savings income, or any law implementing, or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such directive. The initial Paying Agents will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in London and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg.
