As of March 31, 2014, on a pro forma basis to give effect to the Offering and the Refinancing, we have satisfied the relevant "permitted payment" test under our Senior Facilities Agreement to pay the first interest period on the Notes entirely in cash. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Senior Facilities--Permitted payment tests." The calculation of "permitted payments" is based on specific performance requirements on both a historical and forward looking basis, as a result, such "permitted payments" capacity is not necessarily an indication of our cash position on such date or any date in the future.
The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a "Registrar") with offices in Luxembourg, for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF market. The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent in each of London and Luxembourg. The initial Registrar will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. The initial transfer agents will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in London and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg. The Registrar, Paying Agents and transfer agents, as applicable, will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined herein) outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfer of Definitive Registered Notes on the behalf of the Issuer.
The Issuer may change the Paying Agents, the Registrar or the transfer agents without prior notice to the holders of Notes. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Transfer and Exchange Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the " 144A Global Notes"), and Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Reg S Global Notes" and together with the 144A Global Notes, the "Global Notes").
Ownership of interests in the Global Notes (the "Book-Entry Interests") will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or Persons that may hold interests through such participants. Ownership of interests in the Book-Entry Interests and transfers thereof will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and certification requirements summarized below and described more fully under "Transfer Restrictions". In addition, transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream pursuant to customary
117
procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by Euroclear or Clearstream and their respective participants.
Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Note, or the "Restricted Book-Entry Interest", may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Note, as applicable, or the "Reg S Book-Entry Interests", only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
Any Book-Entry Interest that is transferred as described in the immediately preceding paragraphs will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note from which it was transferred and will become a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note to which it was transferred. Accordingly, from and after such transfer, it will become subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in the Global Note to which it was transferred.
