(3) the Issuer has delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee under the Indenture to apply the deposited money toward the payment of the Notes at maturity or on the redemption date, as the case may be.
147
Judgment Currency Any payment on account of an amount that is payable in euros which is made to or for the account of any holder or the Trustee in lawful currency of any other jurisdiction (the "Judgment Currency"), whether as a result of any judgment or order or the enforcement thereof or the liquidation of the Issuer, shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer's obligation under the Indenture and the Notes only to the extent of the amount of euros with such holder or the Trustee, as the case may be, could purchase in the London foreign exchange markets with the amount of the Judgment Currency in accordance with normal banking procedures at the rate of exchange prevailing on the first Business Day following receipt of the payment in the Judgment Currency. If the amount of euros that could be so purchased is less than the amount of euros originally due to such holder or the Trustee, as the case may be, the Issuer shall indemnify and hold harmless the holder or the Trustee, as the case may be, from and against all loss or damage arising out of, or as a result of, such deficiency. This indemnity shall constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in the Indenture or the Notes, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any holder or the Trustee from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due hereunder or under any judgment or order.
Concerning the Trustee The Issuer shall deliver written notice to the Trustee within thirty (30) days of becoming aware of the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default. If the Trustee becomes a creditor of the Issuer, the Indenture limits the right of the Trustee to obtain payment of claims in certain cases, or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions; however, if it acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign as Trustee.
The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Notes, subject to certain exceptions. The Indenture provides that in case an Event of Default, of which a responsible office of the Trustee has written notice, occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be required, in the exercise of its power, to use the degree of care of a prudent man in the conduct of his own affairs. Subject to such provisions, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request of any holder of Notes, unless such holder has offered to the Trustee security and/or indemnity (including by way of pre-funding) satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense.
The Issuer will indemnify the Trustee for certain claims, liabilities and expenses incurred without gross negligence, willful default or fraud on its part, arising out of or in connection with its duties.
Listing Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the Euro MTF market.
Additional Information Anyone who receives this offering memorandum may, following the Issue Date, obtain a copy of the Indenture, the form of Note, the Security Documents and the Senior Facilities Agreement, without charge by writing to the Issuer, c/o Advokatfirman Vinge KB, P.O. Box 1703, SE-111 87 Stockholm.
So long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall so require, copies of the financial statements included in this offering memorandum may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the offices of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg.
