The Issuer may pay such Additional Amounts, at its option, in the form of cash or Additional Notes.
If the Issuer becomes aware that it will be obligated to pay Additional Amounts with respect to any payment under or with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will deliver to the Trustee and the Paying Agents on a date that is at least 30 days prior to the date of that payment (unless the obligation to pay Additional Amounts arises less than 45 days prior to that payment date, in which case the Issuer shall notify the Trustee and the Paying Agents promptly thereafter) an Officer's Certificate stating the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amount estimated to be so payable. The Officer's Certificates must also set forth any other information reasonably necessary to enable the Paying Agents to pay Additional Amounts to holders on the relevant payment date. The Trustee and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely solely on such Officer's Certificate as conclusive proof that such payments are necessary.
The Issuer will make or cause to be made all withholdings and deductions required by law and will timely remit or cause to be remitted the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Tax authority in accordance with applicable law. The Issuer will use its reasonable efforts to obtain Tax receipts from each Tax authority evidencing the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld. The Issuer will furnish to the Trustee (or to a holder upon written request), within a reasonable time after the date the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld is made, certified copies of Tax receipts evidencing payment by the Issuer, or if, notwithstanding the Issuer's efforts to obtain receipts, receipts are not obtained, other evidence of payments (reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee) by the Issuer.
Whenever in the Indenture or in this "Description of the Notes" there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of amounts based upon the principal amount of the Notes or of principal, interest or of any other amount payable under, or with respect to, any of the Notes, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof.
The above obligations will survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of the Indenture, any transfer by a holder or beneficial owner of its Notes, and will apply, mutatis mutandis, to any jurisdiction in which any successor Person to the Issuer is incorporated, engaged in business for tax purposes or resident for tax purposes or any jurisdiction from or through which such Person makes any payment on the Notes and any department or political subdivision thereof or therein.
120
Security The Notes will be secured by:
(1) a first-priority pledge over the shares in the Intermediary Holding Company (the "Share Pledge"); and
(2) a first-priority pledge over the Proceeds Loan and any Intercompany Loan (the "Loan Pledge").
