Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
PAYMENT GUARANTEE
This Guarantee is given by Aker ASA (org.no. 886 581 432) (the "Guarantor") in favour of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (org.no. 963 342 624) on behalf of the bondholders (the "Loan Trustee") in the bond issue "FRN Aker Drilling ASA Senior Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013" with ISIN NO 001 057171.4 pursuant to a loan agreement dated 29 April 2010 (as amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the "Loan Agreement") issued by Aker Drilling ASA (org.no 982 000 564) (the "Company") (the "Guarantee").
The Guarantor guarantees as follows:
1. The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the due and punctual payments by the Company of any and all payments to be made by the Company in accordance with the Agreement (as "selvskyldnergaranti ").
2. If the Company defaults in payments under the Agreement, then the Guarantor will on behalf of the Company make such payments in accordance with the Agreement.
3. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement) should occur, the Guarantor shall, except in the event that insolvency proceedings are opened in the Company, be entitled to remedy the Event of Default provided that it is a default on a payment obligation, within 5 Banking Days calculated from the day the Guarantor has received written notice from the Loan Trustee that an Event of Default under the Agreement has occurred. In the event that such Event of Default is so remedied, the Loan Trustee shall not be entitled to claim payment under this Guarantee based on such Event of Default.
4. The liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor towards the Loan Trustee under this Guarantee and of the Company to the Loan Trustee under the Agreement shall neither individually nor when aggregated together be greater than or different in character, scope or extent from the liabilities and obligations of the Company to the Loan Trustee under the terms of the Agreement. With respect to any claim, action or proceeding against the Guarantor in connection with this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall have the same rights, remedies and defenses that the Company would have if such claim, action or proceeding were instituted against the Company.
5. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement or in this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not be liable to the Loan Trustee, by way of indemnity or by reason of any breach o f Agreement or in tort (including negligence) or for breach of statutory duty or otherwise, for loss of use (partial or total); loss of production; loss of profit or anticipated profit; loss of opportunity; loss of Agreements; loss of reputation; loss of revenues; or for any indirect or consequential loss or damage which may be suffered by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Agreement.
