(b) the present value on the relevant record date of 102.45 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date;
(d) accrued (but unpaid) interest on the redeemed amount,
(b) and (c) calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable German government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Helsinki or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (A) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (B) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions, or (C) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 10.00 per cent. of the Total Assets or EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the relevant Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable during that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or Cash Equivalent Investments.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and Cash Equivalent Investments of the Group, in accordance with the applicable Accounting Principles, of the Group from time to time (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding guarantees, bank guarantees and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner (if the Sole Bookrunner has requested that their respective fees and costs shall be deducted) and the Issuing Agent and Paying Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
