(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 12.5(a) (Voluntary Total Redemption) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Trustee and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
12.6 Change of Control Put Option
(a) Should a Change of Control occur, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment ("Change of Control Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 101 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) by giving the Issuer notice of its intention to invoke its Change of Control Put Option during a period of 60 days following the notice of a potential Change of Control (the "Exercise Period"), being e.g. receipt of an offer or signing of a sale and purchase agreement in respect of the shares of the Issuer.
(b) The settlement date of the Change of Control Put Option shall occur within 20 Business Days after the expiry of the Exercise Period.
12.7 General
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 12 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds), the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 12 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds) by virtue of the conflict.
13. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Transaction Security shall be granted to the Secured Parties as represented by the Trustee.
(b) The Trustee shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Transaction Security Documents. The Issuer shall enter into the Transaction Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Transaction Security Documents not later than thirty (30) days after the First Issue Date.
