issue a Compliance Certificate to the Trustee.
(d) When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.1(a) (Information from the Issuer), the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Trustee.
(e) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee when the Issuer is or becomes aware of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control, or (ii) that an Event of Default has occurred, and shall provide the Trustee with such further information as the Trustee may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice.
(f) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Trustee according to this Clause 14.1 (Information from the Issuer) if informing the Trustee would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with NASDAQ OMX Helsinki. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with NASDAQ OMX Helsinki or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from NASDAQ OMX Helsinki or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Trustee according to this Clause 14.1 (Information from the Issuer).
(g) The Issuer shall, subject to the regulations of the CSD and applicable laws, be entitled to obtain information of the Bondholders from the CSD and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information to the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, subject to the regulations of the CSD and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from the CSD a list of the Bondholders, provided that it is technically possible for the CSD to maintain such a list.
14.2 Information from the Trustee
The Trustee is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
14.3 Publication of Finance Documents
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee.
