General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking
(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
17
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. (d) Continuation of business The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and no substantial change shall be made to the general nature of the business of the Issuer from the business contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal of business The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of the Vessel or sell a substantial part of its assets or operations. (f) Arm's length transactions The Issuer shall not enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms. (g) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or its jurisdiction of incorporation. (h) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect. (i) Financial Indebtedness restrictions The Issuer shall not incur, create or permit to subsist any financial indebtedness (including guarantees), other than: (i) any financial indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue and (ii) any financial indebtedness permitted under this Bond Agreement. (J) Single-purpose entity The Issuer shall not have any business other than being the owner of the Vessel and matters reasonably ancillary thereto. (k) Amendments and waivers The Issuer shall not, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee, exercise any of its rights or make or permit any amendments or grant any waivers under (i) the Governance Agreement; or (ii) the Issuer's memorandum and articles of association.
18
(!) Qualified Electing Fund
The Issuer shall use reasonable efforts to provide to each Bondholder any information that such Bondholder reasonably requests in order for such Bondholder to make and maintain a "qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election (as defined in the Code) with respect to the Issuer.
