(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Excess Cash Amount" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, an amount equal to the amount standing to the credit of the Cash Sweep Account in excess of USD 5,000,000 as at the 10th Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA' Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
2
"Existing Bonds" means the bonds issued by the Issuer and existing under the "12 per cent. NSA Bondco Limited Secured Callable Bond Issue 2015/2020 (ISIN NO 001 0744246) governed by the Existing Bond Agreement. "Existing Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement dated 31 August 2015 and made between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the holders of the Existing Bonds) and the Issuer as amended from time to time. "Existing Finance Documents" shall have the meaning given to the term "Finance Documents" in the Existing Bond Agreement. "Existing Transaction Security Documents" means: (a) the Assignment Agreement; (b) the Debenture; (c) the Mortgage; (d) the Tripartite and Security Agreement; and (e) the Charge over Equipment. "Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2. "Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Intercreditor Agreement and (iv) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement and (v) any other document designated as such by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. "Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: (a) moneys borrowed; (b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized
equivalent; (c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes,
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; (d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would,
