Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
References to any issue or offer or grant to Shareholders "as a class" or "by way of rights" shall be taken to be references to an issue or offer or grant to all or substantially all Shareholders other than Shareholders to whom, by reason of the laws of any territory or requirements of any recognised regulatory body or any other stock exchange or securities market in any territory or in connection with fractional entitlements, it is determined not to make such issue or offer or grant.
In making any calculation or determination of Current Market Price or Volume Weighted Average Price, such adjustments (if any) shall be made as an Independent Financial Adviser considers appropriate to reflect any consolidation or sub-division of the Shares or any issue of Shares by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves, or any like or similar event.
14.16 If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the Shareholders, the Loan Trustee and the Borrower shall agree on a new Conversion Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders.
14.17 If the Conversion Price is below par value of the Shares, par value of the Shares still applies, and the Borrower shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders the difference between the par value of the Shares and the Conversion Price.
14.18 If an adjustment of the Conversion Price requires a conversion to USD, the exchange rate shall be the official reference rate provided by the European Central Bank on the date triggering such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, when calculating weighted averages over several days, each day should apply the official reference rate for that day.
15 Merger and de-merger
15.1 In the case of any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Borrower with any other corporation (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Borrower is the continuing corporation), or in the case of any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Borrower, the Borrower will take such steps as shall be required by the Loan Trustee (including the execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Loan Agreement) to ensure that each Bond then outstanding will (during the period in which Conversion Rights may be exercised) be converted into the class and amount of shares and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer by a holder of the number of Shares which would have become liable to be issued upon exercise of Conversion Rights immediately prior to such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental agreement deed will provide for adjustments which will be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in clause 14. The above will apply, mutatis mutandis to any subsequent consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, sales or transfers.
31
