16.5 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall use its best endeavours to ensure that the Shares shall remain listed on the Relevant Stock Exchange.
17.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security c.f. clause 19.2 (b)), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
17.3 The Borrower shall cover any and all public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security c.f. clause 19.2 (b)). Any public fees or taxes on the sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
17.4 All payments in respect of the Bonds by or on behalf of the Borrower shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessment or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event the relevant payment will be made subject to such withholding or deduction. The Borrower will not be required to pay any additional or further amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction.
17.5 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to clause 17.1 and normal expenses pursuant to clauses 17.2 and 17.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however clause 22.2.
18 Events of Default
18.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default by the Loan Trustee upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that
