(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
21.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above and no valid decision may be made if less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
40
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
22 Change of Loan Trustee
22.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 19.1 (a) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter. The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The Bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Bonds are listed - can submit proposals. The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Bonds are listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
22.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the Bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 17.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
