(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds requested by a Bondholder pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on a Securities Account on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date.
(c) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9(c) during such postponement.
(d) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
9. Interest
(a) Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Outstanding Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will carry Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Outstanding Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance (or the First Issue Date if there is no such Interest Payment Date) up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a
17
