(c) there is no Security over that cash except for any Permitted Security constituted by a netting or set-off arrangement entered into by Group Companies in the ordinary course of their banking arrangements; and
"Cash Equivalent Investments" means, in respect of the Group, and at any time, (i) immediately available funds at bank or postal accounts and (ii) marketable debt securities held for cash management purposes that can be realised promptly and which has a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investor Services Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper or debt securities, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being Fredrik Holmström, ID No. 19710525-0539 (or any of his children, siblings or children of siblings or any spouse of Fredrik Holmström), acting together, acquire control over the Issuer.
For the purpose of this definition "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) the satisfaction of the Maintenance Test, (i) the satisfaction of the Incurrence Test, if relevant, and (ii) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is
4
provided in connection with the publishing of a Financial Report, the Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test and if the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Restricted Payment and/or incurrence of Financial Indebtedness include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test and/or Ratio Debt Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"De-listing Event" means that (i) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on First North Stockholm, on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market; or (ii) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of 15 consecutive Business Days.
