In addition to Clause 26.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice that the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 27 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
41
28.
LISTING
The Issuer has undertaken to list the Initial Bonds within twelve (12) months after the Issue Date, and any Subsequent Bonds within fifteen (15) Business Days after the relevant issue date, on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) in accordance with Clause 12.2 (Listing o f Bonds). However, the Issuer will use its best efforts to list the Initial Bonds within thirty (30) calendar days from the Issue Date. Further, if the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within six (6) months after the Issue Date, each Holder has a right of repayment (put option) of its Bonds in accordance with Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure (put option)).
