"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 10.1-10.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 2 March, 2 June, 2 September and 2 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 2 June 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date (or any final redemption date prior thereto)).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of EURIBOR (3 months) + 550 basis points, per annum.
"Issuer" means Catena Media plc (reg. no. C70858, Quantum Place, Triq ix-Xatt, Ta' Xbiex, Gzira GZR 1052, Malta).
"Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) (reg. no. 516406-0138, SE103 38, Stockholm, Sweden) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Issue Date" means 2 March 2018.
"Listing Failure" means a situation where the Initial Bonds have not been admitted to trading within six (6) calendar months from the Issue Date (although the Issuer will use its best efforts to list the Initial Bonds within thirty (30) calendar days from the Issue Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
