(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in EUR has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against EUR for the previous Business Day, as published by the European Central Bank on its website (www.ecb.europa.eu). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of EUR 250,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of EUR 100,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0010832154. The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 150,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is EUR 100,000.
Initial Bonds may be paid in kind by delivery of Existing Bonds ("Roll-over Bonds"), at the option of each Existing Bondholder to roll-over one or more Existing Bonds into Bonds (exchange ratio one to one (1:1)) on the terms and conditions specified in a separate application form (the "Exchange Offer"). Applicants delivering Roll-over Bonds will receive, in cash, on or about the early redemption date of the Existing Bonds, (i) interest on the delivered Roll-over Bonds for the period beginning on (but excluding) the interest payment date of the Existing Bonds falling immediately prior to the Issue Date and ending on (and including) the early redemption date of the Existing Bonds and (ii) a premium of three point thirty-eight (3.38) per cent. of the nominal amount of the delivered Roll-over Bonds to reflect the premium of the applicable call option price of the Existing Bonds (the "Exchange Offer Cash Component").
The Issuer may at one or more occasions after the Issue Date issue Subsequent Bonds under these Terms and Conditions (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals EUR 250,000,000, always provided that the Incurrence Test (calculated pro forma including such issue) is met. Any Subsequent Bonds shall be issued subject to the same Terms and
