"Call Option Price" means:
(b) one hundred and one point three hundred and seventy-five (101.375) per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling twenty four (24) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date;
(c) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om vardepapperscentraler och kontoforing avfmansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby: one or more Persons acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by CFO, CEO or another authorised signatory of the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (ii) if provided in connection with the payment of any Restricted Payment or the incurrence of any new Financial Indebtedness (including any Subsequent Bond Issue), which requires that the Incurrence Test is met, that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.1.
"Conditions Subsequent" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 14.1.
3
