"Mandatory Redemption" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory Redemption).
8
(b) any of the Parent's shares in any of the Issuers are sold or disposed of or the Parent's 100 % ownership and voting rights in each of the Issuers otherwise is diluted (a "Share Disposal Event", and together with Vessel Disposal Event a "Disposal Event"), or (c) there is a Total Loss of any of the Vessels (a "Total Loss Event").
"Margin" means 5.50 percentage points per annum.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Vessels, or the relevant Vessel, in NOK as determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of Vessels, or the relevant Vessel, obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase shipbrokers, appointed by any o f the Issuers and approved by the Bond Trustee, and familiar with the markets in which the Vessels operates. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost o f such determination shall be for the account of the Issuers. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually, or following the occurrence of an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of any of the Issuers, (b) any of the Issuers' ability individually or combined to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any of the other Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any of the other Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 27 April 2016 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means the cross collateralized mortgage over each of the Vessels (together the "Mortgages"), in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, including appurtenant assignment o f the relevant insurance policies taken in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
