"Mortgage" means the cross collateralized mortgage over each of the Vessels (together the "Mortgages"), in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, including appurtenant assignment o f the relevant insurance policies taken in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorized exchange banks in the Oslo market (tire "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that
9
Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that M erest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that M erest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means Taubatkompaniet AS (Company No.: 926 265 156), a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Ultimate Parent.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuers and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf o f the Issuers with respect to the Bonds.
