(ii) The value of the Hull and Machinery insurance shall at all times be at least equal to or higher than one hundred and twenty per cent (120.00 %) of the aggregate outstanding amounts under this Bond Agreement, and the P&I cover for pollution liability shall be according to industry standards.
(iv) Each of the Issuers shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as first priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee that the notice of assignment with regards to the Insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking confirming this are executed by the insurers.
(v) Each of the Issuers shall procure that its Vessel is always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.
(b) Classification and international regulations (i) The Vessels shall be classified and maintained in the highest class for vessels such as the Vessels, free of any overdue recommendations, with Det Norslce Veritas or another classification society acceptable to the Bond Trustee, and at all times comply with the applicable rules and regulations of the relevant classification society.
(ii) The Vessels shall be in the possession of proper trading certificates and comply with all relevant regulations.
(iii) The Issuers shall at all times ensure compliance with all applicable international conventions and regulations, including SOLAS conventions and the International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution Prevention adopted by the International Maritime Organisation and the International Ship and Post security Code adopted by the International Maritime Organisation. In particular, the Issuers shall ensure that any company performing management seivices for the Vessels comply with said conventions and regulations.
(c) Inspections The Issuers shall ensure that one person appointed by the Bond Trustee is permitted to inspect the Vessels for the account of the Issuers upon the Bond Trustee giving prior written notice. The Bond Trustee may request such inspections (i) once a year; and (ii) in any event upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. The cost of any such inspection shall be covered by the Issuer.
30
(d) Flag, name and registration (i) The Issuers shall ensure that the Vessels shall be registered under Maltese flag or such other flag or ship registry satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
