"Assignment of Charter Contracts" means a first priority assignment of the rights of Boa Offshore (provided Boa Offshore is a party to a Charter Contract) or the relevant Issuer (as the case may be) under any Charter Contracts, to the extent it is legally possible pursuant to the relevant Charter Contract and applicable law, and always provided that the Issuers and Boa Offshore (as the case may be) shall use reasonable efforts for any such Charter Contract to allow for an assignment, related to the Vessels, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement. The Issuers shall give notice and use its best endeavours to obtain consent and acknowledgement of such assignment from any Charterer.
3
"Assignment of Insurances" means a first priority assignment over the insurances related to the Vessels, at any time, hi the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Assignment of Management Agreements" means a first priority assignment of the rights of Boa Offshore (provided Boa Offshore is a party to a Charter Contract) or the relevant Issuer (as the case may be) under the relevant Management Agreement (to the extent legally possible) including (i) a declaration of subordination from Boa Offshore in respect of any amounts payable by the Issuers to the Bondholders; and (ii) to the extent legally permissible, direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in the event o f an Event of Default, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers obligations under this Bond Agreement. The Issuers shall, and shall ensure that Boa Offshore (if relevant) shall, give notices and obtain acknowledgement from the Vessel Manager.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"BOA DEEP C" means the offshore construction vessel BOA DEEP C (IMO 9265342 and callsign9HA2621), which is owned by Boa Deep C.
"BOA SUB C" means the offshore construction vessel BOA SUB C (IMO 977 5153 and callsign9HUC8), which is owned by Boa Sub C.
"Boa Offshore" means Boa Offshore LLC, a company incorporated and existing under the laws of Delaware with tax identification no. 26-0757534, which is a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Ultimate Parent.
"Boa Offshore LLC Share Pledge" means the pledge over all the Ultimate Parent's shares in Boa Offshore, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement,
