The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 2 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the noncompliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any Subsidiary into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation of business The Issuer (i) shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group (taken as a whole) from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal of business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless: (i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, at arm's length commercial terms and on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and (ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
17
