(a) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not within a calendar year declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always excluding distributions of bonus shares not affecting its equity) that constitutes more than 50% of (on a consolidated basis based on last Financial Statements) the Issuer's net profit after taxes for the previous financial year. Any un-realized portion of the permitted distribution may not be carried forward. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be in compliance with its covenants immediately after declaration of and distribution of any such dividends.
(c) Minimum Liquidity The Issuer shall maintain an Unrestricted Cash position of minimum NOK 20 million on an unconsolidated basis. The minimum liquidity shall apply at all times but will be tested, and reported to the Bond Trustee, quarterly in connection with the Issuer's quarterly reporting.
Fees and expenses, withholding tax etc
The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfillment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
The Issuer shall cover all stamp duties and public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
Execution copy
In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
