(c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
(a) each Group Company located in Latin America or South America; and
5(25)
(b) each other Group Company which together with its subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) has EBITDA or gross assets (excluding intra-group items) representing 7.5 per cent, or more of the total consolidated EBITDA or gross assets (excluding intra-group items) of the Group.
"Net Debt" means on a Group consolidated basis (i) the aggregate amount of all interestbearing obligations (including pension liabilities and financial lease obligations which according to the Accounting Principles shall be treated as debt, however not including current or future leases, which as of the date hereof are considered as not being financial leases), but without double counting guarantees provided by a Group Company for another Group Company's interest-bearing obligations with such Group Company's interestbearing obligations less (ii) cash and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the avoidance of doubt, the Net Debt shall not include any actual or contingent liabilities linked to any option or similar arrangement in relation to shares held in any Group Company or other entity or the marked to market value of any derivative transaction referred to in paragraph (e) of the definition of Financial Indebtedness. To the extent a Group Company has provided cash collateral for debt owed by itself or another Group Company, the amount of such debt and the corresponding cash collateral shall be excluded from the calculation of the Net Debt.
"Net Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of total Net Debt to EBITDA.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount, less any amount redeemed pursuant to Clause 9.4 {Partial redemption as a result o f a disposal o fassets).
"Notes" means the Fixed Rate Notes and the Floating Rate Notes, being debt instruments {skuldförbindelse) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Noteholder" means a person who is registered on a VP Account as holder of a Note. In respect of Notes registered with an authorised nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act or otherwise registered in the name of a nominee as holder, the nominee shall be deemed to be the Noteholder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions.
