A communication from the Agent or the Issuer in accordance with Clause 15.1 shall include (i) the request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval, instructions or agreement by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for the request, (iii) a form for replying to the request (with an option to vote yes or no for each request) and (iv) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to be at least twenty (20) Business Days after the date on which the communication was dispatched).
Only such persons who are, or who have been provided with a power of attorney by a person who is, registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to the distribution of the communication pursuant to Clause 15.1 may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder.
REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Subject to Clauses 16.3 to 16.7, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders may appoint a successor Agent.
A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer, require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of direct communication initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed. A decision to dismiss the Agent and a decision to appoint a successor Agent shall each require the consent of the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 13.5.
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent in accordance with Clause 16.1 within ninety (90) days after the notice of resignation was given or the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Agent shall appoint a reputable party as successor Agent.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor,
