9
(k) a decision is made that any Group Company shall demerge, unless the Issuing Agent in writing prior to that has given its consent for the demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors).
12.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the Bonds' Nominal Amount plus the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Section 5 from the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to and including the payment date.
12.3 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
12.4 The Company is obliged to inform the Issuing Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 0 or 12.1 should occur. Should the Issuing Agent not receive such information, the Issuing Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Issuing Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Issuing Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Issuing Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Section 0 or 12.1. The Company shall further provide the Issuing Agent with such details as the Issuing Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 0 or 12.1 and provide at the request of the Issuing Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 12.
12.5 The Company is only obliged to inform the Issuing Agent according to Section 12.4 if informing the Issuing Agent would not conflict with any statute or, if the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX.
12.6 Should the Issuing Agent have been notified by the Company or otherwise determined that
there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 12, the Issuing Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Issuing Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Issuing Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 13. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Issuing Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Issuing Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Issuing Agent shall not be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Issuing Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If any Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Issuing Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination, the Issuing Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Issuing Agent is however not liable to take action if the Issuing Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand.
D-832107-vl
