there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 12, the Issuing Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Issuing Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Issuing Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 13. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Issuing Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Issuing Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Issuing Agent shall not be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Issuing Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If any Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Issuing Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination, the Issuing Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Issuing Agent is however not liable to take action if the Issuing Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand.
10
unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Issuing Agent indemnified and, at the Issuing Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
13 The Issuing Agent's right to represent the Holders
13.1 General
Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Issuing Agent, or a person appointed by the Issuing Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority.
13.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Issuing Agent and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may at any time request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing to the Company and the Issuing Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. If the Issuing Agent establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Issuing Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Issuing Agent must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Issuing Agent determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Issuing Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be given to the Holders and the Issuing Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 18 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. The Issuing Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
