18.1 Notices from the Company or the Issuing Agent shall be given to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD.
(L\ Notices from the Holders to the Company shall be given to the Company with a copy to the
Issuing Agent at the addresses set forth in Section 1.
*
D-832107-vl
14
19 Nominee registration In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (however subject to the terms and conditions regarding Holder's voting rights in Section 13).
20 Limitation of liability etc. 20.1 The Company, the Issuing Agent and the CSD shall have no liability for damage caused by
Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Issuing Agent or the CSD would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict. 20.2 The Issuing Agent shall not be liable for damage caused due to that the Issuing Agent, in the capacity as representative for the Holders, has adapted to the decisions taken in accordance with Section 13. 20.3 The Issuing Agent and the CSD shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event if they have acted with due care. In no event shall the Issuing Agent and the CSD be liable for indirect damage. 20.4 Should the Company, the Issuing Agent or the CSD be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any of the circumstances mentioned in Section 20.1 above, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event. 20.5 The provisions in this Section 20 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence. 21 Governing law and jurisdiction 21.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. 21.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.
