The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.
The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Holder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).
45
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS
A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer, a Subsidiary or any Guarantor to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Group Companies in relation to any o f the liabilities of the Issuer, a Subsidiary or any Guarantor under the Finance Documents.
Clause 24.1 shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 21.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.10, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.11 before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 24.1.
The provisions of Clause 24.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 11.5 (.Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.
