"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Additional Aircraft" means any aircraft acquired (and to be owned) by WAAM by use of Net Proceeds or an aircraft which has been acquired for funds raised through a Subsequent Bond Issue, or through the Equity Contribution.
"Additional Equity Injection" means a cash injection of equity or Subordinated Loans (not being the Equity Contribution or equity or Subordinated Loans utilised in connection with an Equity Claw Back) and provided further that no Event of Default is outstanding or threatened.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by the Issuer, a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer or a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred or provided in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
1
"Aircraft-owning Company" means a legal entity which main objective is to own and/or operate aircraft. "Aircraft Lease Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the relevant Group Companies and the Trustee on or about the First Issue Date regarding all Group Companies' rights under any present or future aircraft leasing agreements entered into by any Group Company as lessor, which shall not be perfected unless and until an Event of Default has occurred.
"Aircraft Pledge Agreement" means the aircraft pledge agreements to be entered into by the Trustee and WAAM on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge regarding all Bond Pledged Aircraft, and any aircraft pledge agreement to be entered into thereafter according to the Terms and Conditions which constitutes Bond-related Aircraft, granted in favour of the Trustee and Holders (as represented by the Trustee).
