11.5 11.5.1
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Trustee. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Equity Claw Back
The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 30% of the total Initial Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event). The Issuer shall give not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Trustee and the Holders and the repayment price per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall before the First Call Date) be the price set out in paragraph (a) of the Call Option Amount definition, and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent, o f the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.11 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
