the relevant aircraft (and the shares in an Aircraft-owning Company, as applicable) shall (i) be pledged to the Trustee and the Holders (as represented by the Trustee) unless the aircraft
12.16
is registered in Sweden and unmortgaged and (ii) be owned by WAAM (in relation to aircraft) and be owned by the Issuer or WAAM (in relation to Aircraft-owning Companies).
Notwithstanding the above, any aircraft fully financed by Subordinated Loans or by equity contribution (provided externally) shall not constitute Transaction Security (the "Externally Funded Aircraft") (not including any aircraft financed through the Equity Contribution). For the avoidance of doubt, the SHB Aircraft may be an Externally Funded Aircraft.
When the Cape Town Convention has been duly implemented in Sweden and in accordance with Clause 12.14 (Registration as o f nationality), (i) any aircraft to be transferred to Sweden where the registration of nationality is to be Sweden, (ii) any aircraft to be acquired by a Group Company where the registration of nationality is to be Sweden and (iii) any Swedish Unmortgaged Aircraft shall as soon as practically possible be registered and pledged to the Holders and the Trustee in the international register of the Cape Town Convention, provided that such aircraft constitute Transaction Security. (Without any need to take out any aircraft mortgages (Sw. inteckningar)). Furthermore, any Group Company may also change any existing pledge over an aircraft with registration of nationality in Sweden against a security interest with a registration in the international register.
Contribution of equity
12.17
If the Issuer raises the Equity Contribution on or before the first Interest Payment Date, the amount shall be used in accordance with the Investment Programme. When the net proceeds are used for acquisitions of Additional Aircraft, Leased Aircraft or Aircraft-owning Companies, the assets shall immediately be pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (as represented by the Trustee). (For the avoidance of doubt, no obligation to pledge assets shall exist if net proceeds shall be used for strengthening of the liquidity within the Group).
Operational leases
