"Bondholder" means the beneficial owner (innehavare) or nominee (förvaltare) who is directly registered on a Securities Account as the holder of a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 19 (Bondholders'Meeting).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments (skuldförbindelser) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions with ISFN SE0005127578.
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in Stockholm (other than over the Internet only).
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means an event or series of events resulting in one person, or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related, (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group, or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert, (A) acquiring shares representing more than fifty (50) per cent, of the votes in the Issuer, (B) establishing control over more than fifty (50) per cent, of the votes in the Issuer, or (C) obtaining the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors of the Issuer, provided that any such event is not a result of a public takeover bid relating to the shares in the Issuer and made by a company whose shares are listed on a Regulated Market.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Cure Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 14.1 (Financial definitions).
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (handelsplattform) (as defined in the Swedish Securities Market Act (lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaderi)).
