(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within five months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year;
(c) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaderi) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are admitted to trading.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Bondholders and the Agent when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event.
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Agent.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a compliance certificate (i) containing a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it, (ii) attaching the most recent Valuation and (iii) attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are admitted to trading. The compliance certificate shall be in a form agreed between the Issuer and the Agent and include figures in respect of the financial undertakings pursuant to Clause 14 {Financial undertakings) and the basis on which they have been calculated.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
Information from the Agent
The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent
LEGAL#9472692v1
