(h) a time of day is a reference to Oslo time.
Subject to Clause 1.2.4 below, when ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in NOK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against NOK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Central Bank of Norway (Norges Bank) on its website (www.norges-bank.no). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
Notwithstanding Clause 1.2.3 above, at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, the calculations of whether a quorum exists and if the relevant consent has been obtained pursuant to Clause 19 (Decisions by Bondholders), shall be made in NOK. Each Bond shall always entitle to one vote at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. The value of the vote of each NOK Bond shall be the Nominal Amount and the value of the vote of each SEK Bond shall be the Nominal Amount of the SEK Bond converted into NOK at the Initial Exchange Ratio. For the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted Nominal Amount shall at all times be calculated based on the Initial Exchange Ratio.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Norway promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Trustee or o f any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The NOK Bonds are denominated in NOK and the SEK Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, and upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
The nominal amount of each NOK Bond is NOK 1 and of each SEK Bond is SEK 1 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the NOK Bonds is NOK
