Voluntary early redemption (call option)
(a) from and including the Issue Date to, but excluding, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Early Redemption Amount; and
(b) from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 12.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice and not more than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Trustee, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuers discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall during a period of thirty (30) calendar days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 14.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Each Bondholder may exercise its put option pursuant to Clause 12.4.1 by written notice to its Account Operator, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the put option. The repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date, which will be the fifth Business Day after the end o f the period referred to in Clause 12.4.1.
If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 12.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event (put option)), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Bonds at the price stated in Clause 12.4.1 above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the relevant Redemption Date. Prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 12.4 , the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 12.4 by virtue of the conflict.
