(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Trustee and the Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. Neither the Trustee nor the Security Agent is under any obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(e) The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement and the Trustee's obligations as Trustee under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Trustee may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
20.2 Duties of the Trustee
(a) The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders. However, the Trustee is not responsible for the content, valid execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security.
41
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Trustee's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Trustee only act in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Trustee in not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
(d) The Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents except to the extent expressly set out in the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
