(d) The Trustee may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.2(a) is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Trustee does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.
(a) Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its qualification, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). No party other than the Bondholder shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(b) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act and the CSD Regulations. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct.
(c) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act.
(d) The Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Terms and Conditions, have access to the securities depository registered with the CSD for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the securities depository.
(e) The Trustee may use the information referred to in Clause 5(d) only for the purposes of carrying out its duties and exercising its rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
