(d) The Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Terms and Conditions, have access to the securities depository registered with the CSD for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the securities depository.
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person, other than a Bondholder, wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.
8. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds requested by a Bondholder pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on a Securities Account on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date, by way of (if no specific order is made by the Trustee) crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its Securities Account in the CSD.
(b) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its Securities Account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(c) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2(a) above. If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's Securities Account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account in accordance with the procedures of the CSD.
