(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) Funds that a Bondholder receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security shall constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be promptly turned over to the Trustee to be applied in accordance with this Clause 15 as soon as reasonably practicable.
16. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) Any decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Trustee) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Trustee and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Trustee. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Trustee may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Trustee that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Should the Trustee not convene a Bondholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 16(c) being applicable, the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) requesting a decision by the Bondholders may convene such Bondholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead.
(e) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may (i) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17(a) or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending communication in accordance with Clause 18(a), in both cases with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 20.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders Meeting in accordance with Clause 17(a). The Issuer shall inform the Trustee before a notice for a Bondholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Trustee is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Trustee, append information from the Trustee together with the a notice or the communication.
