9.1.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis o f a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless a) the last day o f the period is the 3 1st day o f a month but the first day o f the period is a day other than the 30lh or 3 1st day o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day o f the period is the last day o f the month o f February, in which case the month o f February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
9.2.1 For the NOK Tranche Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on N1BOR plus the Margin. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in April 2008.
9.2.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number o f calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified o f the new interest rate immediately.
9.2.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/1Oth o f the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days o f the Bondholders being informed o f the interest rate fixing. The appeal wilt be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, o f which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives o f the two parties. I f the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice o f the Oslo City Court. The decision o f the
11
Norsk Tlllltsmann ASA
