Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
[date] Dear Sirs, NX BOND AGREEMENT [·] - ISIN [·] We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in this Bond Agreement. We hereby give you notice that we on [dote] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof. Yours faithfully, NX
Name of authorized person
42
SCHEDULE 3
C O N D IT IO N S P R E C E D E N T T O T H E ISSU E D A T E
(a) This Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto. (b) Confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists. (c) The Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed. (d) In respect of the Issuer, certified copies of (i) the certificate of incorporation or other
similar official document, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing, (ii) the articles of association (iii) the register of members / shareholders, (iv) the register of officers and (v) the certificate of good standing. (e) Certified copies of necessary board resolutions of the Issuer to execute the Bond Agreement, the Escrow Account Agreement and the Assignment of Claims Agreement to which they are a party. (f) Director's certificates from the Issuer attaching the documents in (e) and (f). (g) To the extent necessary, any public authorisation required for the Bond Issue. (h) The Assignment of Claims Agreement duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto. (i) The latest Interim Accounts (if any). (j) Confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled. (k) Confirmation from the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, security or guarantees exists in relation to the Group other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness and the Financial Support restrictions, as set out in Clause 13.3(f), and such items which shall be prepaid, repaid or cancelled pursuant to the purpose of the Bond Issue. (l) Confirmation letter from the Issuer's appointed Norwegian process agent with respect to the Bond Agreement and the Security Documents. (m) Confirmation letter from the Parent's appointed Norwegian process agent with respect to the Bond Agreement. (n) All legal opinions in respect of the Bond Agreement and the Security Documents having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
43
