similar official document, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing, (ii) the articles of association (iii) the register of members / shareholders, (iv) the register of officers and (v) the certificate of good standing. (e) Certified copies of necessary board resolutions of the Issuer to execute the Bond Agreement, the Escrow Account Agreement and the Assignment of Claims Agreement to which they are a party. (f) Director's certificates from the Issuer attaching the documents in (e) and (f). (g) To the extent necessary, any public authorisation required for the Bond Issue. (h) The Assignment of Claims Agreement duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto. (i) The latest Interim Accounts (if any). (j) Confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled. (k) Confirmation from the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, security or guarantees exists in relation to the Group other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness and the Financial Support restrictions, as set out in Clause 13.3(f), and such items which shall be prepaid, repaid or cancelled pursuant to the purpose of the Bond Issue. (l) Confirmation letter from the Issuer's appointed Norwegian process agent with respect to the Bond Agreement and the Security Documents. (m) Confirmation letter from the Parent's appointed Norwegian process agent with respect to the Bond Agreement. (n) All legal opinions in respect of the Bond Agreement and the Security Documents having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
SCHEDULE 4
C O N D IT IO N S P R EC ED EN T PR E -D ISB U R SE M E N T
(a) In respect of the Issuer, certified copies of (i) the certificate of incorporation or other similar official document, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing, (ii) the articles of association (iii) the register of members / shareholders, (iv) the register of officers and (v) the certificate of good standing (unless delivered under Clause 6.1.1 above).
(b) Certified copies of all necessary board resolutions from the Issuer, to execute the Security Documents and any other Finance Documents (unless delivered under Clause 6.1.1 above).
(c) Director's certificates from the Issuer attaching the documents in (a) and (b) (to the extent not delivered prior to the Issue Date).
(d) Confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository.
(e) Copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue.
(f) The Security Documents (to the extent not already delivered pre-settlement) duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security.
