"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996.764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means profit from property management (Förvaltningsresultat), including received dividends, plus financial expenses divided with financial expenses, of the Group according to the Accounting Principles.
6 (33)
"Interest Payment Date" means 4 January, 4 April, 4 July and 4 October of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (adjusted modified following). The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 4 July 2018 (3 months after the First Issue Date) and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3 months STIBOR plus 4.00 percentage units per annum.
"Issuer" means Klövern AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556482-5833.
"Issuing Agent" means Swedbank AB (publ) with Reg. No. 502017-7753, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Listing Failure" means the situation where (i) the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date are not listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or on another Regulated Market within sixty (60) days from the First Issue Date; (ii) any Subsequent Bonds are not listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or on another Regulated Market within twenty (20) days after the issuance of such Subsequent Bonds, provided that if such date would fall prior to listing of the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date, the Subsequent Bonds shall be listed together with the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date; or (iii) at any time after such listing, the Bonds cease to be listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or on another Regulated Market (as applicable).
