4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
5.1 The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in electronic book-entry form and will be registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Foraldrabalken 1949:381), conditions of will
8
or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
5.2 The Company shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok). At the request of the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent, the Company shall request and provide such information to the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent or provide the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information.
6 Payments of principal and interest
6.1 Payment of the Nominal Amount and/or interest will be made to the person who is a Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date.
6.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be paid to a designated bank account, such payment will, subject to Section 6.3, be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.
6.3 If a day on which an amount becomes due and payable is not a Banking Day, the amount will be deposited or transferred the next following Banking Day, unless such Banking Day falls in the subsequent calendar month, in which case the payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day (modified following Banking Day convention).
