9
8.1 The Company may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds early on any Early Redemption Date, provided that the redemption is financed by way of another issuance of Market Loans which the Holders may subscribe for. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days' notice in accordance with Section 20. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the Early Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date.
8.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Nominal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest in accordance with Section 9 from but excluding the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Early Redemption Date.
9 Interest
9.1 The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from but excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. The interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated on an actual/360-days basis.
9.2 If the Interest Rate for an Interest Period cannot be calculated due to an obstacle set forth in Section 22.1 or other similar circumstance, the Interest Rate for the preceding Interest Period shall be applied. As soon as the obstacle has ceased, the Interest Rate shall be determined for the current Interest Period and applied from the second Banking Day after the day for determination up to and including the next Interest Payment Date.
10 Default interest
10.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due under these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to the Interest Rate plus two (2) per cent. from but excluding the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
10.2 If the delay is due to an obstacle for the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent, respectively, as set out in Section 22.1, the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
