14.1 Upon a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure, each Holder shall have a right of pre payment ("Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus accrued and unpaid interest in accordance with Section 9 from but excluding the
preceding Interest Payment Date (or if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date) up to and including the relevant settlement date of the Put Option (the "Put Option Redemption Amount").
14.2 The Company shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Holders of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure as soon as possible after the Company has become aware of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure. A Holder exercising the Put Option must give the Bond Trustee written notice in accordance with Section 20 no later than sixty (60) days after the Company notified the Bond Trustee and the Holders (the "Exercise Period"). Bonds held by a Holder who has exercised the Put Option shall be blocked from transactions. To that end the Holder shall transfer the Bonds to the Issuing Agent (to an account specified by the Issuing Agent in a notice given to the Holders).
14.3 The Bond Trustee shall notify the Company of any pre-payment request in accordance with this Section 14 as soon as possible after such request. The Company shall redeem all Bonds to be redeemed under this Section 14 on the settlement date of the Put Option, being twenty (20) Banking Days after the Exercise Period.
14.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuing Agent shall, on behalf of the Company, arrange for payment to be made of the Put Option Redemption Amount to each Holder that holds Bonds to be pre-paid and which have been blocked as set out in Section 14.2.
15 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Bond Trustee etc.
15.1 The Bond Trustee S right to represent the Holders
(a) Even without separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holder's consent (if not required to do so under these Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds).
(b) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
