(a) Even without separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holder's consent (if not required to do so under these Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds).
(c) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions, no Holder may take any independent action against the Company in matters relating to the Bonds or these Terms and Conditions. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Company or the making of an administration order in relation to the Company or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Company in respect of any of the
16
liabilities of the Company whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
(d) Notwithstanding Section (c) above and without having to observe the provisions in Section 13.10 and 15.1, the Holders may jointly
(i) take actions to enforce their rights under these Terms and Conditions against the Company if the Bond Trustee does not have legal standing (Sw. taleratt) to bring an action or initiate a procedure under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions before any courts or other authorities and the Bond Trustee has not been granted a power of attorney to do so,
(ii) take any actions which the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking if the Bond Trustee has been instructed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take such actions and the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking the actions within a reasonable time in breach of these Terms and Conditions, and
(iii) represent their own holdings of Bonds against the Company if the Bond Trustee has notified the Holders that it will not take further actions in accordance with Section 15.4 ((i), (ii) and (iii) are together and individually referred to as a "Relevant Action").
However, a Relevant Action may only be taken after a Holders' meeting has decided to take such action. The Holders' meeting shall be convened in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, a Holders' meeting pursuant to this Section can be convened by the Bond Trustee (or by a Holder in accordance with Section 16 (k)) below irrespective of whether the requesting Holders represent ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount. Further, a resolution at a Holders' meeting in accordance with this Section may be passed with simple majority.
