(e) The Bond Trustee may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The costs of such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Bond Trustee is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
(a) The Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent may be replaced by another Bond Trustee and/or Issuing Agent by the Holders in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 16.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign as agent and/or transfer its position as agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Bond Trustee shall take effect until a new Bond Trustee has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Bond Trustee within thirty (30) days after the Bond Trustee has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Bond Trustee has the right to appoint a new Bond Trustee. Until the resigning Bond Trustee has been replaced by a new Bond Trustee, the resigning Bond Trustee shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Bond Trustee has been appointed, the resigning Bond Trustee shall bear no responsibility for acts and omissions during the time after the replacement o f the Bond Trustee but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Bond Trustee.
(c) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within thirty (30) days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice o f its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. Until the resigning Issuing Agent has been replaced by the new Issuing Agent, the resigning Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts and omissions during the time after the replacement o f the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Bond Trustee
18
and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
(d) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent as Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(e) The Company may also appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent if the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent materially fails to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and does not remedy such failure within a reasonable time after the Company made the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent aware thereof. If a new Bond Trustee is appointed, the Company may recover all costs and expenses incurred, and remuneration and fees payable, by the Company in relation to the new Bond Trustee under Sections 15.4 and 17 from the replaced Bond Trustee, provided that such costs, remuneration, fees and expenses exceed the costs, expenses, remuneration and fees that would have been incurred and payable if the Bond Trustee had not been replaced.
(f) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent have resigned or been replaced in accordance with Sections 15.3 (a) - (e), the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent shall deliver all documents and provide all information to the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent that are necessary for them to perform their obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
