(e) The Company may also appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent if the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent materially fails to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and does not remedy such failure within a reasonable time after the Company made the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent aware thereof. If a new Bond Trustee is appointed, the Company may recover all costs and expenses incurred, and remuneration and fees payable, by the Company in relation to the new Bond Trustee under Sections 15.4 and 17 from the replaced Bond Trustee, provided that such costs, remuneration, fees and expenses exceed the costs, expenses, remuneration and fees that would have been incurred and payable if the Bond Trustee had not been replaced.
15.4 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee is, according to a separate agreement between the Company and the Bond Trustee, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions. If the Bond Trustee reasonably believes that the Company is or will become insolvent, the Bond Trustee may require reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Sections 13.7 - 13.8 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
16 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing and be notified (in accordance with Section 20) to the Company and the Bond Trustee. It shall include (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been duly made, the Bond Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from the receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee is not required to convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the
19
Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders'meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 20 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include
(i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing,
