(b) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 20 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include
(ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies,
(iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting,
(iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and
(v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders'meeting.
Further, the notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content of each proposal (if any). The Bond Trustee shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to OMX for publication.
(c) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). The Bond Trustee shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or at request during the procedure in writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing).
(d) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 16 (b) above may be resolved upon by the Holders' meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by a Group Company shall not carry any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be in accordance with the opinion held by the majority of the Nominal Amount of the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the issues below, the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted or, as applicable, the answers received for a resolution to be passed ("Qualified Majority"):
20
