(d) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 16 (b) above may be resolved upon by the Holders' meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by a Group Company shall not carry any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be in accordance with the opinion held by the majority of the Nominal Amount of the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the issues below, the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted or, as applicable, the answers received for a resolution to be passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds (2/3) to (1) waive a breach of a special undertaking in Section 12, and (2) amend a provision in these Terms and Conditions, subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters (3/4) to (1) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company, (2) amend any redemption day for principal or interest amount, and (3) amend the provisions in this Section (d).
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee), will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by a Group Company shall not be considered when calculating whether necessary majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the reply period), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case o f a procedure in writing, information regarding extended period for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 20. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(f) At the meeting, the Company, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Bond Trustee may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors o f the board, the managing director and other officials o f the Company and the Company's auditors may attend the meeting. The meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
(g) The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Bond Trustee) and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman o f the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall prepare a list of the Holders and representatives/proxies present and entitled to vote (the "Voting List"). The list shall include information on the Nominal Amount that each Holder (or, as the case may be, representatives/proxies) represents. The chairman shall further arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting. The minutes shall include the Voting List (which shall be approved by the Holders' meeting), any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result o f the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed by the meeting to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee shall
21
provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation of votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee may request supplements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Bond Trustee shall disregard any answers that deviate from the listed alternatives or from an alleged Holder whose voting right is not apparent from the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may be represented at the calculation. The minutes shall be finalized promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Bond Trustee.
