"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or before the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
l
"Aligera Bonds" means the bonds issued by Aligera with ISIN SE0005933231. "Aligera Vind Ett" means Aligera Vind Ett AB, reg. no. 556909-1696. "Aligera Vind Två" means Aligera Vind Två AB, reg. no. 556909-1688. "Aligera Vind Tre" means Aligera Vind Tre AB, reg. no. 556909-1720. "Authorisation" means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, fding, notarisation or registration. "Bond" means the debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse), for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions. "Bond Issue" has the meaning set out in Clause 2.1. "Bridge Facility" means the SEK 45,600,000 bridge facility originally dated 6 April 2018 (as amended and/or restated) between the Bridge Facility Lender as lender and Aligera Vind Ett, Aligera Vind Två, Aligera Vind Tre, CB Vind and Tornet Vind as borrowers, to be refinanced by the SSF Bonds. "Bridge Facility Lender" means PRIME Capital Debt SCS SICAV-FIS Robus Recovery Sub Fund. "Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays. "Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. "Call Option Price" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.3.1. "CB Vind" means CB Vind AB, reg. no. 559001-3792. "Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument). "Change of Control" means any person or group of persons (other than an Underwriter or any of its Affiliates) acting in concert gains direct or indirect control of the Issuer. For the purposes of this definition:
(a) "control" of the Issuer means:
(i) the power (whether by way of ownership of shares, proxy, contract, agency or otherwise) to:
(A) cast, or control the casting of, more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the maximum number of votes that might be cast at a general meeting of the Issuer;
2
(B) appoint or remove all, or the majority, of the directors or other equivalent officers of the Issuer; or
(C) give directions with respect to the operating and financial policies of the Issuer with which the directors or other equivalent officers of the Issuer are obliged to comply; or
