14.2 The Agent may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause 14.1(d) (Insolvency).
14.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 14.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided however that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 14.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 14.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 14.
14.5 Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing but subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Holders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (but such date may not fall after the Final Redemption Date), and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
14.6 The Agent shall notify the Holders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the
37
14.7
14.8 14.9 14.10
Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Holders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
If the Holders (in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as, in the opinion of the Agent, may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Holders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
