Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Holders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 14, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 14 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 16 (.Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 14, the Issuer shall, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to the applicable Call Option Price.
15. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
15.1 If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 14 (Events of Default and Acceleration o f the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents and any other Enforcement Proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
15.2 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security and the Guarantees constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be promptly turned over to the Security Agent to be applied in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
16. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS
16.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
