17.5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.
41
directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder. 17.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
18. WRITTEN PROCEDURE 18.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt
of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the communication to the Issuer.
18.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 18.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.
18.3 A communication pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 18.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form ofpower of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 18.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
18.4 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD.
18.5 When the requisite majority consents of the Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 16.5 and 16.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 16.5 or 16.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
