(vi) a time of day is a reference to Helsinki time.
(c) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in EUR has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be count ed on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against EUR for the previous Business Day, as published by the European Central Bank on its website fwww.ecb.int~). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(d) No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or oper ate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
(a) The Bonds are denominated in EUR and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Condi tions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees, and by ac quiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms, that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and (ii) agrees to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Bond is EUR 1,000 (the Nominal Amount). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 15,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met, the Issuer may, at one or sev eral occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN (unless rejected by CSD), the interest rate, the nomi nal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 22,500,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 19(e) (Decisions by Bondholders). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 11(a) (Interest), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The minimum permissible investment upon issuance of the Bonds is EUR 100,000.
