(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met, the Issuer may, at one or sev eral occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN (unless rejected by CSD), the interest rate, the nomi nal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 22,500,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 19(e) (Decisions by Bondholders). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 11(a) (Interest), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
12 (35)
3 4
5
6931508.11
EXECUTION COPY
(f) Except as set out in Clause 7 (Transfer restrictions) below, and subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(g) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unse cured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are man datorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(h) As of the First Issue Date, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other materi al relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relat ing to the Issuer or the Bonds.
