(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bond holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
(a) The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after re ceipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Bond holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20(a) (Bondholders' Meet ing) above with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Bond holders pursuant to Clause 23.4(c) (Replacement o f the Trustee), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such re quest (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or adminis trative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20(a) (Bondholders' Meeting).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 20(a) (Bondholders' Meeting) shall in clude £il time for the meeting, fii) place for the meeting, (iiD agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondhold ers), (iv) a specification of the CSD Business Day at the end of which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to ex ercise voting rights at the meeting, and fv ) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved up on at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bond holders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Busi ness Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Trustee may deem appropri ate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
(a) The Trustee shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bond holder^) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or ad ministrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may send a communi cation in accordance with Clause 21(a) (Written Procedure) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Trustee.
