6931508.11
to the Trustee all its procedural rights and legal authority to claim and collect any and all receivables under the Bonds, en force any Finance Document and to receive any funds in respect of the Bonds or under the Finance Documents (in Finnish prokurasiirto) as a result of which transfer, the Trustee shall be ir revocably entitled to take all such action in its own name but on behalf of and for the benefit of each Bondholder (at the expense of the Bondholders).
(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is not under any ob ligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such re quest if due to such failure the Trustee is unable to represent such Bondholder.
(c) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exer cising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Docu ments.
(d) The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Docu ments and the Agency Agreement and the Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
Duties of the Trustee
(a) The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Fi nance Documents, and, where relevant, enforce the Transaction Securi ty on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a rea sonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer with its obliga tions under these Terms and Conditions on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents or received from a Bondholder. The Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions.
