"Margin" means 3.65 percentage points per annum.
"Maximum Issue Amount" means NOK 1,250,000,000.
"Net Interest-Bearing Debt" means the book value of the Group's total interest-bearing debt in accordance with IFRS less Liquidity.
"Net Interest Cost" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest-bearing debt less the aggregate gross cash interest income of the Group (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis). For the avoidance of doubt, PIK interests shall not be considered as interest income (unless it is received in cash). Furthermore, gains or losses (whether realised or unrealised) on interest rate, currency or derivatives transactions (mark-tomarket accounting, where relevant) shall not be considered as interest income or cost.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
