Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
all and any of the contracts for the construction of the Barges, entered into by (i) the Borrower with Jaya Shipbuilding & Engineering Pte Ltd. with respect to the African Worker pursuant to the contract dated 1 December 2006, as assigned by Marine Subsea II to Marine Subsea Worker Limited pursuant to the letter of nomination dated 19 September 2008, as amended by Addendum No. 1 dated 30 September 2008 and Addendum No. 2 dated December 2009 and (ii) African Lifter Limited with GMC Offshore Pte Ltd. with respect to the Africa Lifter Barge pursuant to the contract dated 25 June 2007 (and all relevant documents thereto, including i.a. insurance (if any), guarantees, and all other contracts for completion of the units).
all and any of the charters of the Barges entered into, now or in the future, by any member of the Group including, without limitation (i) the charter, dated 30 March 2009, between Marine Subsea Installer Limited and Condux S.A. de C.V. with respect to the African Installer Barge, (ii) the charter to be entered into between Marine Subsea Lifter Limited and Sonangol Pesquisa & Produqao S.A. with respect to the African Lifter Barge, (iii) the charter, dated 23 July 2008, between Marine Subsea Fjord Limited and Parbarge AS with respect to the African Fjord Barge, (iv) the subcharter, dated 10 March 2008, between Marine Subsea Fjord Limited and Diamond International S.A.R.L. with repect to the African Fjord Barge, (v) the charter, dated 23 July 2008, between Marine Subsea Caribe Limited and Parbarge AS with respect to the African Caribe Barge, and (vi) the subcharter, dated 3 November 2008, between Marine Subsea Caribe Limited and Saipem S.A. in relation to the African Caribe Barge.
Marine Subsea Worker Singapore PTE Limited (100%), Marine Subsea Worker Limited (100%), Marine Subsea Installer Limited (100%), Marine Subsea Lifter Limited (75%), Marine Subsea Fjord Limited (100%) and Marine Subsea Caribe Limited (100%), each owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower in the percentage of ownership indicated in the forgoing parentheticals, which such entities own the respective Barges, Barge Construction Contracts and Barge Charters, as applicable (each individually a "Barge Subsidiary").
5
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Barges:
the accommodation barges "African Worker", "African Installer", "African Lifter", "African Fjord" and "African Caribe".
Bondholders:
