UKDOCS/172268.4
(b) the last day of the period is the last day o f the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
9.3 If on any of the first eight Interest Payment Dates following the Issue Date, the amount of interest payable under Clause 9.1 exceeds Available Cash in respect of that Interest Payment Date, the excess will not be payable in cash, but will be multiplied by one and one third and the product added to the principal amount of the Loan. In such an event, the Borrower shall, (i) five business days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, calculate the number of additional Bonds that will be issued evidencing the increase in principal and, (ii) at least three business days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, notify the Loan Trustee of the number of such additional Bonds. Such additional principal shall accrue interest at a rate equal to the rate calculated in accordance with Clause 9.1.
9.4 Any accrued but unpaid interest on the Convertible Bonds ("Convert Interest") will accrue interest at nine percent per annum calculated in accordance with this Clause 9 from the Exchange Date ("Exchange Interest") until both Convert Interest and Exchange Interest are paid in cash (to the holder of the Bonds for which the relevant Convertible Bonds were exchanged) no later than the initial Interest Payment Date following the Exchange Date.
10 Repayment of the Loan; Excess Cash Sweep; Redemptions; Put Option
10.1 Subject to Clauses 10.2-10.4, the Loan will be mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of early redemption (a "Put Option") of the bonds at a price of 101 % of par plus the par amount of accrued interest.
The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1 (j).
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to the Bondholder's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The Put Date shall be fifteen --15 - Banking Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the pre-payment request
