(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Loan Agreement, (b) the Loan Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Loan Trustee is authorized by the Bondholders, in order to administrate the
100% of the Outstanding Loan approve, (iii) as long as the Borrower may act directly against the Loan Trustee, the
Borrower may not, based on this Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, and that (iv) an individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community unless 100% of the Outstanding Loan approve.
20 Change of Loan Trustee
20.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The Bondholders and the Borrower can submit proposals.
The Bondholders shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
20.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
20.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
