The Financial Covenants shall be calculated to give pro forma effect to any Permitted Acquisitions by taking into account reasonable cost synergies and cost savings to be achieved by the Group during the coming 12 months as a result of the Permitted Acquisition, provided that (A) such cost synergies and cost savings have been verified by an independent advisor, acceptable to the Bond Trustee; and (B)
29 (54)
the increase in EBITDA based on such adjustments shall in no event exceed 10% of the EBITDA for the Group.
For the avoidance of doubt EBITDA for the full testing period of any Acquired Company acquired during the relevant testing period shall be included in the EBITDA calculation for the testing period despite the fact that the Acquired Company has not formed part of the Group for the full testing period.
(iii) Calculation of Financial Covenants - Permitted Capital Expenditure (other than Line 6)
The Financial Covenants shall be calculated to give pro forma effect to any Permitted Capital Expenditure by taking into account reasonable cost synergies and cost savings to be achieved by the Group during the coming 12 months as a result of the Permitted Capital Expenditure, provided that (A) such cost synergies and cost savings have been verified by an independent advisor, acceptable to the Bond Trustee; and (B) the increase in EBITDA based on such adjustments shall in no event exceed 10% of the EBITDA for the Group.
In calculating EBITDA pro forma effect to any Permitted Capital Expenditure in excess of USD 10,000,000 may be given by taking into account the expected increase in EBITDA for the coming 12 months as a result of such Permitted Capital Expenditure, provided that such increase in EBITDA shall be validated by a budget prepared by the Group and acceptable to the Bond Trustee. This adjustment is permitted to remove the difference in the pro forma adjustments made in connection with a Permitted Capital Expenditure and a Permitted Acquisition (where EBITDA of the Acquired Company for the last twelve month is included in the calculation of EBITDA).
In calculating Net Interest Bearing Debt any and all indebtedness obtained by any member of the Group on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee for the purpose of financing Permitted Capital Expenditure in excess of USD 10,000,000 shall be disregarded up until the first Quarter Date after which the Group is generating EEilTDA as a result of the Permitted Capital Expenditure.
The EBITDA from such Permitted Capital Expenditure shall be annualized based on actual earnings related to such Capital Expenditure. For the first quarter with reported EBITDA, such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 4. For the first two quarters with reported EBITDA, such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 2. For the first three quarters with reported EBITDA, such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 4/3.
