The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of clause 20,3, Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as eat forth in clause 20.1 within five (5) Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Bonds are listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of clause 20.3.
20.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and If necessary notified at the latest five (5) Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - If the Bonds are listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (prinl-out) owned by the Bondholder In question at the time the prlnt-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement oh which the request Is based and Inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons,
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless a|l the Bondholders In the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision It Is necessary, pursuant to clause 21, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
20.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee Is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
