In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act.
REDEMPTION OF NOTES AND PAYMENT OF INTEREST
The Nominal Amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.
Payment of the Nominal Amount and interest shall be made to a party that is a Noteholder on the fifth Banking Day prior to the respective due date or on the Banking Day closer to the respective due date which may generally be applied on the Swedish bond market (= Record Date).
Where a Noteholder, via the Account Operator, has requested that nominal amounts and interest shall be deposited on a particular bank account, Euroclear Sweden shall cause such deposit to be made on the respective due date. In other cases, Euroclear Sweden shall forward the sum on the above-stated date to the Noteholder at the address registered with Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date. Where the due date is a day which is not a Banking Day, the amount shall be deposited or forwarded on the following Banking Day and, in such circumstances, interest shall only accrue up to and including the original due date.
In the event that Euroclear Sweden, as a consequence of delay by the Issuer or other impediments, is unable to make payment of amounts in accordance with the above provisions, such amounts shall be paid by Euroclear Sweden to such party who is a Noteholder on the Record Date as soon as the cause for the impediment has terminated.
In the event the Issuer is unable to perform its payment obligations through Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the above provisions as a consequence of impediments encountered by Euroclear Sweden as specified in Clause 18 {Limitation o f liability Etc.), the Issuer shall be entitled to postpone the payment obligation until such time as the impediment has been removed. In such circumstances, interest shall accrue in accordance with the second paragraph of Clause 8 {Default Interest) below.
In the event a party which has received amounts in accordance with the above provision is not entitled to receive such payment, the Issuer and Euroclear Sweden shall be deemed to have performed their relevant obligations. The above-stated shall not apply, however, where the Issuer or Euroclear Sweden was aware that the sum was improperly paid or where the Issuer or Euroclear Sweden failed to exercise normal caution. ^
5545369-V2
