5545369-V2
The meeting shall commence with a chairman, keeper of the minutes, and persons to attest the minutes being designated by the Trustee unless the Meeting of Noteholders resolves otherwise.
In addition to Noteholders and their respective representatives and assistants, members of the board of directors, the managing director and other senior executives of the Issuer, the Issuer's auditors and legal advisors, the Trustee shall be entitled to participate at the Meeting of Noteholders. Representatives must present duly issued proxies to be approved by the chairman.
The Trustee shall ensure that a printout of the register of Noteholders (Sw. avstamningsregister) maintained by Euroclear Sweden as of the close of the fifth (5th) Banking Day prior to the day of the Meeting of Noteholders is available at the meeting. The chairman shall prepare a list of Noteholders present who are entitled to vote, with information regarding the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount represented by each Noteholder ("Voting Register"). Noteholders who have voted via electronic voting procedures, ballots or the equivalent shall, upon application of this provision, be deemed present at the Meeting of Noteholders. Only those persons who were Noteholders or representatives of such Noteholders on the fifth (5th) Banking Day prior to the date of the Meeting of Noteholders and who are included in the Adjusted Loan Amount shall be entitled to vote and shall be included in the Voting Register. The Voting Register shall thereafter be approved by the Meeting of Noteholders.
Minutes of the Meeting of Noteholders shall be kept, recording the day and time of the meeting, attendees, matters discussed, results of voting, and resolutions which were adopted. The Voting Register shall be recorded in, or appended to, the minutes. The minutes shall be signed by the keeper of the minutes. They shall be attested by the chairman if the chairman has not kept the minutes, as well as by one of the persons appointed by the Meeting of Noteholders to attest the minutes. The minutes shall thereafter be submitted to the Trustee. The minutes shall be sent to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 13 (Notices) no later than ten Banking Days after the Meeting of Noteholders. New or amended terms and conditions shall be appended to the minutes and sent to Euroclear Sweden through the Trustee or another party designated by the Trustee. The minutes shall be stored in a secure manner by the Trustee.
The Meeting of Noteholders is quorate where Noteholders representing not less than one-fifth (20%) of the Adjusted Loan Amount are present at the Meeting of Noteholders.
However, for the following types of matters, attendance of Noteholders representing not less than one-half (50%) of the Adjusted Loan Amount at the Meeting of Noteholders is necessary ("Extraordinary Resolution"):
5545369-V2
(a) approval of an agreement with the Issuer or a third party regarding change of the Maturity Date, reduction of the loan amount, change of the designated currency for the Notes (unless this is subject to operation of law) and change of the applicable Interest Payment Dates, interest rate or other interest terms and conditions;
