5545369-V2
(b) approval of a change of debtor; and
(c) approval of an amendment of this Clause.
If a Meeting of Noteholders is convened and the necessary share of the Adjusted Loan Amount represented by Noteholders necessary for the meeting to be quorate has not been reached within thirty (30) minutes from the time scheduled for the Meeting of Noteholders, the meeting shall be adjourned until the day which falls one week later (or, if such day is a not a Banking Day, the following Banking Day). If the meeting is quorate for some, but not all, issues which are to be resolved upon at the meeting, the meeting shall be adjourned after resolutions have been adopted on matters for which the meeting was quorate. Notice that a Meeting of Noteholders has been adjourned and information regarding the time and place of the continued meeting shall be sent to the Noteholders as soon as possible by the Trustee through the agency of Euroclear Sweden. When an adjourned Meeting of Noteholders is resumed, the meeting shall be entitled to adopt resolutions, including Extraordinary Resolutions, if Noteholders representing not less than one-tenth (10%) of the Adjusted Loan Amount as per the printout of the register of Noteholders which was presented in accordance with the above stated (taking into consideration what is stated below regarding nominees) are present at the meeting. The resumed meeting shall commence with the preparation of a new voting register by the chairman (on the same principles as set forth above and based on the aforementioned printout of the register of Noteholders). Only Noteholders who are listed in such new voting register shall be entitled to vote at the meeting. A Meeting of Noteholders cannot be adjourned more than once.
Resolutions of the Meeting of Noteholders are adopted by means of a poll vote if any Noteholder so requests. Each Noteholder entitled to vote shall, in conjunction with voting, have one vote per Note (which constitutes a share of all outstanding Notes) which he holds.
Extraordinary Resolutions are valid only if they are supported by not less than three quarters (75%) of the votes cast. For all other resolutions, the position which receives more than half (50%) of the votes cast shall prevail.
Upon application of this Clause, holders of nominee-registered Notes shall be regarded as Noteholders instead of the nominee if the holder presents a certificate from the nominee showing that as of the fifth (5th) Banking Day prior to the Meeting of Noteholders, the person in question was the holder of a Note and stating the size of such person's holding. Managers of nominee-registered Notes shall be deemed present at the Meeting of Noteholders for the number of Notes which the manager has been instructed to represent.
Resolutions adopted at a duly convened and executed Meeting of Noteholders are binding on all Noteholders regardless of whether they were present, and regardless of whether, and how, they have voted at the meeting. Noteholders who voted in favour of resolutions adopted at the Meeting of Noteholders cannot be held liable for any loss incurred by any other Noteholder as a result of such resolution.
5545369-v2
