Resolutions adopted at a duly convened and executed Meeting of Noteholders are binding on all Noteholders regardless of whether they were present, and regardless of whether, and how, they have voted at the meeting. Noteholders who voted in favour of resolutions adopted at the Meeting of Noteholders cannot be held liable for any loss incurred by any other Noteholder as a result of such resolution.
All reasonable expenses of the Trustee and Euroclear Sweden in conjunction with a Meeting of Noteholders shall be defrayed by the Issuer. In conjunction with the application of this Clause, the Trustee shall be entitled to an extract from the register of Noteholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden for the Notes in question. The Trustee shall be entitled (but not obligated) to provide a copy of the extract to the Issuer. A request to convene a Meeting of Noteholders must be submitted to the Trustee at the address stated in Clause 13 (Notices). Such correspondence must state whether the business is urgent.
§16 NOMINEE REGISTRATION
Other than as explicitly stated below, with respect to Notes which are nominee registered pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (SFS 1998:1479), upon application of these terms and conditions, the nominee shall be deemed to be the Noteholder. In relation to §14 second paragraph and § 15 of these terms and conditions, with respect to Notes which are nominee registered pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (SFS 1998:1479), upon application of these terms and conditions, a party which is registered in the nominee list of owners (Sw. forvaltarforteckning) as being the holder of a Note shall be deemed to be the Noteholder.
§17 AMENDMENT OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS The Issuer and the Trustee are entitled to make any modifications of the terms and conditions which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or are made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. Other modifications or amendments to these terms and conditions shall be subject to a Meeting of Noteholder's according to Clause 15 (Meeting o fNoteholders). Any amendments, as described above, shall be notified as soon as possible by the Trustee to the Noteholders.
§18 LIMITATIONS OF LIABLIITY ETC,
5545369-V2
With respect to the Bookrunner's, the Trustee's and Euroclear Sweden's obligations, and with respect to Euroclear Sweden taking into account the provisions set forth in the Swedish Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act, neither the Bookrunner, the Trustee nor Euroclear Sweden shall be liable for damage which arises as a consequence of Swedish or foreign legislation, the actions of Swedish or foreign governmental authorities, acts of war, strikes, blockades, boycotts, lockouts, or other similar circumstances. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockade, boycotts, and lockouts shall apply notwithstanding that the party is itself the subject of, or effects, such measures. Damage which arises under other circumstances shall not be compensated by the Bookrunner or the Trustee provided it has duly exercised normal caution. Compensation shall not be paid under any circumstances for indirect damage. In the event that the Bookrunner, the Trustee or Euroclear Sweden is unable to perform in accordance with these general terms and conditions as a consequence of a circumstance specified above in this Clause, such performance may be postponed until such time as the cause for the impediment has terminated.
§19 APPLICABLE LAW, JURISDICTION The laws of Sweden shall apply to the interpretation and application of these terms and conditions. Disputes regarding this agreement shall be resolved, in the first instance, by the Stockholm District Court.
