The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Note Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Note Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}
19
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities. The Issuer shall notify the Note Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall, cariy out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, except for the avoidance of doubt where such company or entity becomes a wholly owned Subsidiary with Sub-Subsidiaries. The Issuer shall notify the Note Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Subsidiaries shall not
cease to carry out its business.
