The Note Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Note Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Note Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Noteholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Note Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Note Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Noteholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Note Agreement. The Note Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Note Agreement.
The Note Trustee may take any step necessaiy to ensure the rights of the Noteholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Note Agreement. The Note Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Noteholders' Meeting.
17.1.3
Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Note Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Noteholders concerning this Note Agreement, including amendments to the Note Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Note Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Noteholders pursuant to this Note Agreement.
17.1.4
Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Note Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Noteholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Noteholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Note Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Note Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Noteholders in the event that any Noteholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Note Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
17.1.5 The Note Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
17.1.6 The Note Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Noteholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Noteholders.
(3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}
