5 -
(k) supply the Company from time to time as requested in writing with lists of holders of Rights as shown on the register of Rights showing the name and last known address of each holder and the number of Rights held by each holder;
(l) forward certificates representing the Common Shares subscribed for and purchased pursuant to the exercise of Rights, including under the Additional Subscription Privilege, to the relevant subscriber within ten (10) business days after the Expiry Date; and
(m) send to each holder of Rights exercising the Additional Subscription Privilege who remitted funds in excess of their ultimate allocation of Additional Shares, a cheque representing the amount of such excess funds (without interest or deduction).
The Agent may destroy any and all unissued Rights Certificates after the Expiry Date.
All Rights Certificates surrendered to the Agent for cancellation shall be held by it for a period of six (6) years. The Agent shall not be required to hold such certificates after the expiry of such period, and may thereafter destroy such certificates without notice to the Company. The Company agrees to instruct the Agent from time to time as to the earlier disposal, if any, to be made of such Rights Certificates. Any storage expenses incurred for retaining custody of the Rights Certificates and related records in connection with the services hereunder shall be at the sole expense of the Company.
The Company hereby authorizes and directs the Agent to use the CDSX. The Company acknowledges and accepts that the use of CD SX by a CDS participant (in accordance with the provisions of the CDS Participant Rules) shall satisfy the terms of the Rights offering as to the execution and delivery of a Rights Certificate by the CDS participant, without such participant physically completing and surrendering such Rights Certificate.
The Company acknowledges and accepts that [Fondsfinans], and not the Agent, will be responsible for the distribution of rights offering documents (including the Norway Prospectus) to Qualified Shareholders in Norway holding Common Share positions through VPS. The use of VPS by a VPS participant (in accordance with the provisions of the  ) shall satisfy the terms of the Rights offering as to the execution and delivery of a Rights Certificate by the VPS participant, without such participant physically completing and surrending such Rights Certificate [NTD: DLA Piper to revise].
Non-Qualified Shareholders
