well as applicable laws and regulations. 16
13.2.3
The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
13.3 General Covenants
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in clause 8.1.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary with any other company or entity not being a member o f the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect, provided, however, that this provision shall not apply to de-mergers or other coiporate reorganization if the level of direct or indirect ownership of the Issuer in the entities resulting from such transaction will be the same as its level of ownership in the relevant Material Subsidiary before such transaction.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
