The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The initial nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Notes is SEK 350,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Initial Nominal Amount.
Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Notes (the Initial Notes and all Subsequent Notes) may not exceed SEK 500,000,000 unless a consent from the Noteholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 16.6. Each Subsequent Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them.
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in anyjurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in anyjurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.
9(34)
3.
USE OF PROCEEDS
