9.3.2
9.4.2
9.5 9.5.1 9.5.2 9.5.3 9.6 9.6.1
per Note equal to 104 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and/or
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling four (4) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Voluntary partial redemption (call option)
The Issuer may in connection with the sale or disposal of a Subsidiary, or following the sale or disposal of all or substantially all of a Subsidiary's assets, redeem in whole or in part all outstanding Notes by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000). The partial redemption must be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Net Disposal Proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt a partial redemption shall not occur where the amount to be repaid pro rata per Note is less than SEK 1,000. The redemption price per Note shall be 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus accrued by unpaid interest on the redeemed amount.
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent. Any such notice must be given within 12 months of the applicable sale or disposal, is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in part on the immediately following Interest Payment Date at the applicable amounts. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor and paid to the person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
