13.4.12 Liquidity
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Liquidity of minimum NOK 100 million. The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenant at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer with each Financial Statements and Interim Accounts on the respective Reporting Date. The Financial Covenant shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term of the Bonds.
13.5 Incurrence Test
The Issuer is in compliance with the Incurrence Test if the Gearing Ratio is below 3.5x pro forma for any asset disposal to be made or any additional Financial Indebtedness to be incurred. The Incurrence Test shall be tested (i) with effect immediately after such asset sale, and (ii) with effect both prior to and immediately after such incurrence of Financial Indebtedness.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
