The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
10.3 Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
10.3.1 The Bonds may not be redeemed in advance by the Issuer, unless the redemption is financed by way of another issue of Market Loans which the bondholders may subscribe for, in which case all (but not only some) of the Bonds may be voluntarily redeemed by the Issuer, on any Business Day after the day falling 180 days before Final Redemption Date. The Bonds will be redeemed at a price equal to the Nominal Amount of each Bond together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon up until (and including) the Redemption Date.
10.3.2 Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount.
10.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control or De-listing Event (put option)
10.4.1 Upon a Change of Control or De-listing Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 % of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of 60 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control or De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (d). The 60 calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control or De-listing Event.
10.4.2 The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (d) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants
15
