9.5.5 9.5.6
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, Delisting Event or a Listing Failure (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Delisting Event, or a Listing Failure, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, the Delisting Event or the Listing Failure pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). Flowever, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of such event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased.
If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Bonds pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Bonds in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Bondholders) and purchases all Bonds validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Bonds tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Bonds within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS
