in (a) through (i) above.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time. In case of any changes being introduced to IFRS after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee shall jointly conduct a review o f the impact o f such changes for the Issuer (including, without limitations, whether such changes would have any impact on the financial covenants in Clause 13.5), and, if relevant, the parties shall enter into such amendments to this Bond Agreement as may be required to arrive at the same financial covenants in Clause 13.5 as if no such changes to IFRS had been introduced.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio o f EBITDA to Net Interests Costs.
"Interest Payment Date" means 11 June and 11 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number o f the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 11 June 2012.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA, always provided that when calculating this ratio any take-out financing o f any New Rig shall only be taken into account from and including the first Quarter Date after the first full fiscal quarter following the contract startup of such New Rig (for the avoidance of doubt, any pre-delivery financing, including refinancing o f such, shall always be included). Further, after such Quarter Date and for the following nine (9) months, EBITDA related to such New Rig shall be annualized (meaning that for a New Rig the first full financial quarter since contract startup shall be annualized by multiplying such EBITDA by 4, while the first two full financial quarters shall be annualized by multiplying such EBITDA by 2 and the first three fUll financial quarters shall be annualized by multiplying such EBITDA by 4/3).
