"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations o f the Issuer and/or the Debtor Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or (c) the validity or enforceability o f this Bond Agreement.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means on any date, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Net Interest Costs" means for any Relevant Period, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate consolidated gross interest costs of the Group less the aggregate consolidated gross interest income of the Group. For the avoidance o f doubt gains or losses on currency transactions and unrealized gains or losses from interest rate swaps shall not be considered as income or cost.
"New Rigs" means any additional offshore drilling rigs and drillships contracted or delivered (where already contracted or under construction) or acquired (including partly owned units) directly or indirectly by a member of the Group after the Settlement Date, other than the Rigs (including, but not limited to, the four (4) newbuild harsh environment semi-sumbersible rigs to be constructed on Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co., Ltd.).
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on
7
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis o f the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably), at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
