in each case, plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
10.3 If at any time prior to but not including the Maturity Date, the Vessel is sold or disposed of, or if the Conversion Contracts are sold, assigned, cancelled for any reason howsoever or disposed of, or if any of the Borrower's shares in the Guarantors controlling directly or indirectly the Vessel is sold, in each case including to an affiliate, or the Borrower or its subsidiaries, or in the event of a total loss or a constructive total loss of the Vessel, the Borrower shall redeem the entire Loan at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption. The settlement date of the mandatory redemption shall be carried out on or about the fifth Banking Day after the occurrence of the event triggering the mandatory redemption.
305782035
10.4 On 26 March 2012, an amount of USD 37,000,000 (the "Settlement Paydown") from the Settlement Amount shall be applied by the Borrower in partial redemption of the Loan at par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption.
10.5 On each Interest Payment Date commencing on and from (and including) 14 May 2012, any Excess Cash of the Group shall be applied by the Borrower in redemption of the Loan (in part or in whole) at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount), and the Borrower shall provide the Loan Trustee with a detailed calculation of the Cash within the Group and an analysis of its availability as Excess Cash for the purpose of this Clause 10.5.
10.6 Upon a Change of Control Event or a FPSO Front Puffin Deployment Event, the Borrower must redeem the Loan in full at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption. The settlement date of the mandatory redemption shall be carried out on or about the fifth Banking Day after the occurrence of the event triggering the mandatory redemption.
