Terms and Conditions of the Notes
The following (subject to completion and amendment) is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which (except for text in italics) will be endorsed on each note and, unless otherwise indicated, is applicable to both the 2015 Notes and the 2033 Notes.
For the 2015 Notes:
The U.S.$200,000,000 6.125% Notes due 2015 (the ''Notes'', which expression includes any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further issues) and forming a single series therewith) of Norske Skogindustrier ASA (the ''Issuer'') are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated October 2, 2003 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the ''Agency Agreement'') between the Issuer, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as fiscal agent (the ''Fiscal Agent''), JPMorgan Chase Bank, as registrar (the ''Registrar'') and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the ''Paying Agents'') and the transfer agents (the ''Transfer Agents''). The Registrar, Paying Agents and Transfer Agents are together referred to as the ''Agents'', which expression and each of which definitions encompassed thereby include any successor agents appointed in these capacities from time to time in connection with the Notes. Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the ''Noteholders'') are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
For the 2033 Notes:
The U.S.$200,000,000 7.125% Notes due 2033 (the ''Notes'', which expression includes any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further issues) and forming a single series therewith) of Norske Skogindustrier ASA (the ''Issuer'') are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated October 2, 2003 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the ''Agency Agreement'') between the Issuer, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as fiscal agent (the ''Fiscal Agent''), JPMorgan Chase Bank, as registrar (the ''Registrar'') and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the ''Paying Agents'') and the transfer agents (the ''Transfer Agents''). The Registrar, Paying Agents and Transfer Agents are together referred to as the ''Agents'', which expression and each of which definitions encompassed thereby include any successor agents appointed in these capacities from time to time in connection with the Notes. Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the ''Noteholders'') are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
1. Form, Denomination and Status
(a) Form and Denomination: The Notes are in registered form in denominations of U.S.$1,000. Notes may be held in holdings of U.S.$1,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 (each an ''Authorized Holding'').
(b) Status: The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu in right of payment without preference among
