(a) Form and Denomination: The Notes are in registered form in denominations of U.S.$1,000. Notes may be held in holdings of U.S.$1,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 (each an ''Authorized Holding'').
65
themselves and pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.
2. Register, Title and Transfers
(a) Register: The Registrar will maintain a register (the ''Register'') in respect of the Notes in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. In these Conditions, the ''Holder'' of a Note means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and ''Noteholder'' shall be construed accordingly. A certificate (each, a ''Note Certificate") will be issued to each Noteholder in respect of its registered holding.
(b) Title: The Holder of each Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of such Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft of such Note Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.
(c) Transfers: Subject to Conditions 2(f) (Closed periods) and 2(g) (Regulations concerning transfers and registration), a Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Notes transferred and (where not all of the Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Notes not transferred are Authorized Holdings. Where not all the Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Notes will be issued to the transferor.
(d) Registration and Delivery o f Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with Condition 2(c) (Transfers), the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this Condition 2(d), ''business day'' means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office.
(e) No Charge: The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer.
