''business day'' means any day on which banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in New York City and, in the case of surrender of a Note Certificate, in the place in which the Note Certificate is surrendered;
''Comparable Treasury Price'' means the average of three Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations obtained by the Fiscal Agent for the Redemption Date;
''Independent Investment Banker'' means J. P. Morgan Securities Inc.;
''Redemption Date'' means, with respect to any redemption of Notes, the date of redemption with respect thereto;
''Reference Treasury Dealers'' means each of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J. P. Morgan Securities Inc. (in each case, so long as it continues to be a primary U.S. government securities dealer) and any two other primary U.S. government securities dealers chosen by the Issuer. If Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or J. P. Morgan Securities Inc. ceases to be a primary U.S. government securities dealer, the Issuer shall appoint in place of such firm another nationally recognized investment banking firm that is a primary U.S. government securities dealer;
''Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation'' means the average, as determined by the Fiscal Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Fiscal Agent by a Reference Treasury Dealer at 3:30 p.m., New York City time on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date;
''Remaining Scheduled Payments'' means the remaining scheduled payments of the principal and interest that would be due after the Redemption Date of a Note if that Note were not redeemed; however, if the Redemption Date is not a scheduled interest payment date, the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment on that Note will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued on such Note to such Redemption Date;
73
''Treasury Rate'' means an annual rate equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price (as defined below) for the Redemption Date; the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity will be computed as of the third business day immediately preceding the Redemption Date.
