Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) shall be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
(h) Purchase: The Issuer, or any of its affiliates, may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price provided, however, that neither the Issuer nor its affiliates may resell any of the Notes they have purchased pursuant to this paragraph (h) except in a transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").
(i) Cancellation: All Notes surrendered by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to Conditions 7(f) (Notes payable on Redemption Date) and 7(h) (Purchase) shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.
8. Payments
(a) Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by U.S. dollar check drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee with, a bank in New York City and upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.
(b) Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by U.S. dollar check drawn on, or upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee with, a bank in New York City and upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.
(c) Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.
(d) Payments on Business Days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar account, payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a business day, for value the next succeeding business day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by U.S. dollar check, the check will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a business day or (B) a check mailed in accordance with this Condition 8 (Payments) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.
(e) Partial Payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, the Issuer shall ensure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of a partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate.
