(v) to make any other change that does not adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders.
(i) change the stated maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any Note, or reduce the principal amount thereof or the rate of interest thereon or any premium payable upon the redemption thereof, or reduce the amount of the principal of the Notes that would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof following an Event of Default, or change any place of payment where, or the currency in which the Notes or any premium or interest thereon is payable, or to impair the right of the Noteholders to institute suit for the enforcement of the Notes; or
(ii) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Notes, the consent of whose Noteholders is required for any such amendment or for any annulment or rescission of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events o f Default), or
(iii) modify any of the provisions of this Condition 14 (Amendments) except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of these Conditions cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Noteholder of each outstanding Note.
(c) Noteholder Meetings. The provisions of Clause 10 of the Agency Agreement shall govern the manner by which meetings of Noteholders are convened.
15. Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. Holders should note that additional notes that are treated for non-tax purposes as a single series with the original notes may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such case, the new notes may be considered to have been issued with "original issue discount" (as defined under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the U.S. Treasury Regulations issued thereunder), which may affect the market value o f the original notes since such additional notes may not be distinguishable from the original notes.
82
16. Notices
