82
Notices to the Noteholders will be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. In addition, so long as Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Exchange so require, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date of such mailing in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.
17. Provision of Information
The Issuer shall, during any period in which it is not subject to and in compliance with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the ''Exchange Act'') nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, duly provide to any Holder of a Note which is a ''restricted security'' within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act or to any prospective purchaser of such securities designated by such Holder, upon the written request of such Holder or (as the case may be) prospective Holder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Registrar, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.
18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) Governing Law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
(b) Jurisdiction o f New York Courts: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of the State of New York and any United States federal court, in each case sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, New York, United States, shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceeding which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (''Proceedings'') and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts.
(c) Appropriate Forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts referred to in Condition 18(b) (Jurisdiction o f New York Courts) being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum.
(d) Process Agent: The Issuer has appointed CT Corporation System at 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10011, United States (or, if different, its principal place of business in the City of New York for the time being) as its authorized agent upon whom process may be served in any Proceedings in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York. If such person ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Issuer's behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, appoint a further person in The City of New York to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
