1.1 Definitions
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" means (i) until conversion to IFRS, the generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden as applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual consolidated financial statements and (ii) following conversion, international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Additional Transaction Security" means the Security set out in paragraph (d) and (e) in the definition of Security Document.
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total Outstanding Nominal Amount less the Outstanding Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or any Affiliate of the Issuer, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Ahlstrom Capital" means AC Cleantech Growth Fund I Holding AB, Reg. No. 556729 8160 or another vehicle controlled, directly or indirectly, by Ahlstrom Capital Oy, Reg. No 1670034-3.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Bank Account" means the bank account of the Issuer held with Nordea Bank AB (publ) into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which have been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee) under the Bank Account Pledge Agreement.
