5. Transfer Restrictions
(b) Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a bondholder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). Each bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
17
(c) Bondholders understands that the Bonds will be "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (A)(i) to the Issuer, (ii) to a person who the seller reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act purchasing for its own account or for the account or benefit of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, as applicable, of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), (v) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or (vi) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and (B) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any other jurisdiction. No representation can be made as to the availability of the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 for resales of the Bonds.
(d) The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Trustee when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Trustee.
