(d) If an Event of Default is continuing, any notice or other communication made by the Trustee to the Issuer under or in connection with the Finance Documents may, provided that the Trustee deems it necessary in order to preserve the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents, be sent by email and will be effective on the day of dispatch (unless a delivery failure message was received by the Trustee), save that any notice or other communication sent by email that is sent after 5.00 pm in the place of receipt
shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. Any notice or other communication to be sent by email by the Trustee to the Issuer in accordance with this paragraph (d) shall be sent to the CFO and the CEO of the Issuer, to the email addresses most recently notified by the Issuer to the Trustee.
25.2 Press releases
(a) Any notice that the Issuer or the Trustee shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), 10.4 (Voluntary Partial Prepayment upon an Equity Listing Event), 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)), 15.8 (Impossibility or Illegality), 12.1(c), 15.10(c), 17(o), 18(a), 19(a) and 20(c) shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
(b) In addition to Paragraph (a) above, if any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Trustee may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
26. Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability
(a) Neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Trustee or the Issuing Agent (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer) itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
(b) The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
(c) Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Issuer (to the extent applicable in accordance with paragraph (a) above), the Trustee or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
