In these terms and conditions (the "Term s and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply o f assets or services and payment is due not more than 180 days after the date o f supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliates" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Bonds (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Bonds in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction o f the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise,
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Swedish Trustee AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bank Loans" means any existing loans incurred by the Issuer or any Group Company in relation to Swedbank AB (publ), or any future loan incurred by the Issuer or any Group Company in relation to any reputable bank.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
