Upon the shares of the Issuer being delisted from NASDAQ OMX Stockholm ("Delisting Event"), each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment of the Bonds at a price of 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of the Delisting Event. The settlement date o f the put option shall occur 20 Business Days after notice of the Delisting Event.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 shall be promptly cancelled by the Issuer.
Early redemption upon a Listing Failure (put option)
The Issuer intends to list the Bonds on the corporate bond list on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm not later than 30 days after the Issue Date. Further, each Bondholder shall have a right o f prepayment of the Bonds at a price o f 100 per cent, o f the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) upon a failure to list the Bonds during a period of 60 days following the Issue Date ("Listing Failure"). The settlement date for the prepayment shall occur 20 Business Days after the ending of the 60 days following the Issue Date.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6.1,
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.6 by virtue of the conflict.
6Q81278-vlO
13(28)
