(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2020 at a price equal to 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling in January 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in July 2021 at a price equal to 101.60 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(v) the Interest Payment Date falling in July 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in October 2021 at a price equal to 100.80 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(vi) the Interest Payment Date falling in October 2021 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (if practically possible) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date and may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, to be satisfied at least three (3) Business Days before the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Special provisions for voluntary annual redemption of 5.00 per cent. of the Bonds (a) A maximum amount of up to 5.00 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount may, in each 12 months period, be redeemed in the time period from the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date, in which case the relevant amount shall be repaid pro rata payment to the Bondholders, provided that at least 50.00 per cent. of the Bonds remain outstanding after any such redemption, and that such redemption is made in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
(b) The redemption must occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and
