10.3 Special provisions for voluntary annual redemption of 5.00 per cent. of the Bonds (a) A maximum amount of up to 5.00 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount may, in each 12 months period, be redeemed in the time period from the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date, in which case the relevant amount shall be repaid pro rata payment to the Bondholders, provided that at least 50.00 per cent. of the Bonds remain outstanding after any such redemption, and that such redemption is made in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
29
the Bondholders. The repayment shall be made at a price equal to 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid interest).
(c) Any unutilised portion in any 12 months period may be carried forward to the following 12 months period (however, such carry forward may not exceed the First Call Date).
10.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth (5th) Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.5 Permitted Transferee - Change of Control Call Option (a) The Issuer may at any time call a Bondholders' meeting to vote on a resolution to approve a person nominated by the Issuer as a permitted transferee (the "Permitted Transferee"). In order for such nominated person to become a Permitted Transferee, the Bondholders' meeting must approve the resolution with a majority of at least half (50 per cent.) of the voting Bonds (prior to the Change of Control Event relating to such person occurs).
