(d) If Bonds representing more than 90.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
(b) In the event a Bondholders' meeting does not approve a person nominated by the Issuer as a Permitted Transferee, the Issuer shall have the right to redeem all (but not some) of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest), with settlement no later than thirty (30) Business Days following a Change of Control Event relating to such rejected person (the "Change of Control Call Option"). The Issuer may (following a Bondholders' meeting) elect to discontinue and/or withdraw the relevant Change of Control Event, in which event the Issuer shall not have the right to exercise the Change of Control Call Option.
30
(c) Any Bondholders who (as the case may be) have exercised their Change of Control Put Option prior to the Issuer's exercising its Change of Control Call Option shall be prepaid in accordance with the provisions of the Change of Control Call Option. The Issuer may (following such Bondholders' meeting) elect to discontinue and/or withdraw the relevant Change of Control Event, in which case the Issuer shall not have the right to exercise the Change of Control Call Option.
10.6 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer and Group Companies may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained or sold, in the Issuer's or the respective Group Company's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
