"Orange of Control Event" means that any investor or group of investors which arc under single control, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3 (excluding Spring Capital Resources or any other entity owned or controlled by the shareholders of Spring Capital Resources), is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% o f the voting shares of the Issuer.
"Co-Cuarantor Share Pledges" means the first priority pledges granted by the Issuer over all o f the shares (100%) in the each of the Co-Guarantors.
"Co-Guarantors" means North Sea Drilling Group AS, a company incorporated and existing under the laws o f Norway with Company No. 992 448 636 ("North Sea Drilling Group"), and Troll Drilling Management Ltd., a company incorporated and existing under the laws o f Cyprus with Company No. ML, 234049 ("Troll Drilling Management"),, each a "Co-Guarantor".
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
" learnings Account" means an account in the name o f lire Guarantor into which all earnings o f the Guarantor and all net earnings related to the Rig shall be paid directly from the relevant contracting party (including but not limited to the Bareboat Charterer). Hie account shall be pledged on first priority in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f itself and the Bondholders) but not blocked (unless there is an outstanding Event of Default) and the Account Hank shall waive any set-off rights.
"EBITDA" means earnings before interest expenses, taxes, depreciation and amortization,
" Earnings Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge in the Earnings Account, at any time, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), seem ing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment bv way o f security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
Norsk 'hlUtsmoou A.**\
