"Spring Capital Guarantee" means the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee issued by Spring Capital Resources in the amount of USD 6.6 million in favour of the Bond Trustee. The Spring Capital Guarantee will be released within 2 months after the date the Guarantor or the Bareboat Charter (as the case may be) receives the first payment (excluding for avoidance of doubt payment related to mobilization) under a Chatter (excluding any intra group Charters) with a duration ot minimum 12 months and a total accumulated BBITDA of USD 20 million.
`Spring Capital Short Term Bridge-' means the short-term loan in the amount of USD I million issued by Spring Cupital Resource?, to the Issuer, flic short-term loan is fiilly subordinated to the Bond Issue and has a maximum coupon rate of 10%. t he maturity date of the Spring Capital Short Term Bridge shall be the later of (i) the date falling 7 months after the Issue Date or (ii) the dale the Guarantor or the Bareboat Charter (as the case may he) receives the first payment (excluding for avoidance of doubt payment related to mobilization) undei a Charter (excluding any intra-group Charters) with a duration of minimum 12 months and a total accumulated BBITDA o f USD 20 million. Interest accrued on the Spring Capital Short Term Bridge shall be payable at said maturity date.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence dire to (i) direct and indirect ownership o f shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always he considered to be the subsidiary o f another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the vutes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority o f the directors in the entity.
"Taxes'* means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS), as set out in the then most recent financial statements (annual or quarterly (as the ease may be)) o f the Issuer.
'T otal Loss Date" means: (a) in the ease o f an actual loss of the Rig. the date on which it occurred or, if that is
unknown, the date when the Rig was last heard of;
V -<'t. I illilMnmm ASA
(b) ill the ease of a constructive, compromised, agreed or arranged total loss of the Rig, the earlier of (i) the dutc on which a notice of the abandonment is given to the insurers, and (ii) the date of any compromise, arrangement or agreement made by or on behalf of any of the Issuer or the Guarantor with the Rig's insurers in which the insurers agree to treat the Rig as a total loss; and
