"Assignment of learnings" means a first priority assignment o f any earnings payable to the Guarantor and/or the Bareboat Charterer (as the case may Ire) related to the Kig (including, but not limited to, both intra group bareboat charters to be entered into between the Guarantor and the Bareboat Charterer and any employment contracts to be entered into between either the Guarantor or the Bareboat Charterer (as the case may be) and the relevant contracting party), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement. Tlie Issuer shall procure that the Guarantor and/or the Bareboat Charterer (as the case may be) shall give notices of such assignment to any relevant third parties and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from the respective charterer.
"Assignment of Management Agreement" means a litsl priority assignment o f the rights of the Guarantor or the Bareboat Charterer (as the case may be) under the Management Agreement (to the extent legally permissible) including an agreement of subordination by tlie Rig Manager in respect of any amounts payable by the Guarantor or the Bareboat Charterer to the Issuer and/or the Bondholders, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement. The assignment to contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination lights in case of default or in any event by giving maximum 30 days notice. The Issuer shall procure that the Guarantor and/or the Bareboat Charterer (as (he ease may he) shall give notice to and obtain acknowledgement from the Rig Manager.
"Assignment of Receivables" means a first priority assignment hv way of security from the Issuer o f all its present and future intra-group receivables (including but not limited to the Intercompany Loan and other loans), including a right for the Bond Trustee to release those receivables on enforcement, and the Issuer shall give notices and obtain acknowledgements o f such assignment from its respective counterparties. The Issuer may, however, assign intra group receivables against any Group Company other than the Guarantor, at the same priority as the Assignment o f Receivables, as security for future financing o f any Group Company. For the avoidance o f doubt, the receivables under tlie Intercompany Loan may not be subject to any further assignment or pledge.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bareboat C harterer" means any 100% directly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer which has or may enter into a Charter.
" Bareboat C harterer Earnings Account" means the earnings account o f the Bareboat Charterer as defined in Clause 8.2 (iCharter entered into by the Bareboat Charterer Additional Security).
N orsk I lIKKniiinn ASA
"Bareboat C harterer Guarantee" means the guarantee to be provided by tire Barchoat Charterer as defined in Clause 8.2 (Charter entered into by the Bareboat Charterer Additional Security).
`Bareboat C harterer Share Pledge" means the first priority pledge granted or to be granted by the Issuer over all the shares (100%) in the Bareboat Charterer, as defined in Clause 8.2 (iCharier entered into by the Bareboat Charterer - Additional Security).
