(a) the Vessel is sold or disposed of from the Owning Company; or
it being understood that a sale of the Vessel and/or a reduction of the Issuer's Equity Ownership Share shall not be permitted during the first two (2) years following the Issue Date if such transaction is with a Related Party.
"M argin" means 4.50 percentage points per annum.
"M arket Adjusted Equity" means, on any date, (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the Book Equity, adjusted for any Excess Value.
"M arket Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Market Adjusted Equity to Market Adjusted Total Assets.
"M arket Adjusted Total Assets" means, on any date, (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the Total Assets, adjusted for any Excess Value.
"M arket Value" means the fair market value of the Vessel or the Vessels (as the case may be) determined as arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Vessel or the Vessels (as the case may be) obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Vessels appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and a willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer twice per year. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Owning Company and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or the Owning Company's and/or the Bareboat Charterer's (if party to a Charter) ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement and/or the Intercompany Loan and/or any Security Document; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement and any Security Document.
"M aturity Date" means 30 March 2017 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustments may be made according to the Business Day Convention for the relevant Tranche.
