"Bareboat Charterer" means Havila Chartering AS, organisation number 988 689 084, being a 100% directly owned subsidiary of the Issuer.
"Bareboat Charterer Co-ordination Agreement" means an agreement between the Bareboat Charterer, the Bond Trustee and any other creditor to the extent applicable in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and to the extent required by the Bond Trustee providing for a coordination and sharing of the economical value of the Bareboat Charterer Factoring Agreement with an aim for the Bond Trustee only to receive an amount equal to the economical value of the earnings relating to the Vessel to the extend such sharing is permissible pursuant to the Norwegian Pledge Act of 1980.
"Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account" means the account where all earnings related to the Vessel and payable to the Bareboat Charterer (provided the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) shall be paid directly from the relevant contracting party. The Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of it self and the Bondholders), but not blocked unless there is an Event of Default (regardless of whether such Event of Default has been declared or not) pursuant to the Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account Pledge.
"Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Bareboat Charterer's claim (provided the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) against the relevant Account Bank in respect of any amounts deposited into and standing to the credit from time to tune of the Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account.
"Bareboat Charterer Factoring Agreement" means an agreement of first priority assignment to be made between the Bareboat Charterer (provided the Bareboat Charterer is party to a Charter) and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of it self and the Bondholders) in respect of the Bareboat Charterer's trade receivables (Norwegian: Factoringpant) , subject to a Bareboat Charterer Co-ordination Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
