"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction o f the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agent" means CorpNordic Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556625-5476, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means if Fredensborg AS ceases to control the Issuer, and where "control" means that Fredensborg AS ceases to (i) own, directly or indirectly, and vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and
3
votes in the Issuer, or (ii) have the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority o f the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance set out in Schedule 1 (Compliance Certificate), signed by the Issuer certifying: (a) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that
such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it; and (b) the percentages and calculations in respect of Loan to Value and the Equity Ratio.
