In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.
The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Holder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market). The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS
A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.
Clause 24.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 21.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by
