(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 700,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of an initial nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The nominal amount of each Bond will be the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been redeemed in part pursuant to a partial prepayment by the Issuer (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 400,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0008040893. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
The Issuer may at one or more occasions issue additional Bonds under these Terms and Conditions, amounting to SEK 300,000,000 in aggregate (together with Initial Bond Issue, in total SEK 700,000,000), (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), provided that the Incurrence Test is met (calculated pro forma including the Subsequent Bond Issue). Any Subsequent Bond Issue shall be issued subject to the Terms and Conditions and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the Nominal Amount and the final maturity applicable to the initial Bonds shall apply also to additional Bonds. The price of additional Bonds may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount.
