"Call Option Amount" means:
(b) 104.00% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but not including) the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 102.00% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after 36 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 45 months after the Issue Date;
(d) 100.00% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after (i) the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 45 months after the Issue Date provided that such early redemption is financed in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s) in which the Holders shall have the possibility to participate by way of roll-over (however subject to the Issuer's decision on allocation and (ii) the date falling 45 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date.). 2
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholders) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00% of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Collector Loan" means the loan from Collector Credit AB (reg. no. 556597-0513) to SSM Hold D AB (reg. no. 556925-8618) in the total amount of SEK 100,000,000.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, duly signed by the Issuer in accordance with its registered signatory powers, certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, that the Maintenance Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the Consolidated Equity Ratio and (iii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, that the Incurrence Test is met, including calculations and figures in respect of the Consolidated Equity Ratio (calculated pro forma).
"Consolidated Equity Ratio" means the consolidated equity ratio (Sw. soliditet) of the Group as set out in the latest Financial Report, and in relation to the Incurrence Test to be calculated pro forma, including the Restricted Payment, the Financial Indebtedness or the Subsequent Bond Issue (as applicable).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074), P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
