"Change of Control Event" means if (a) any person or group (as such term is defined in Section 1-3 of the Companies Act) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) a de-listing of the Issuer's shares from Oslo Børs occurs.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person: (i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or (ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person. When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 19.2.
"Escrow Accounts" means the VPS Escrow Account and the Cash Escrow Account.
"Escrow Accounts Blocking" means the blocking of the Escrow Accounts, where (as relevant) the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 16.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds,
"Exceptional Items" means losses arising following a revaluation or impairment of the book value of any of (i) the Group's goodwill or (ii) capitalised expenses related to suspended wells, provided that such revaluations or impairment are made or occurs before, during or at year end reporting for 2012. Exceptional Items shall be limited to a maximum amount of NOK 600 million (after tax) in aggregate. On 25 January 2013, the Issuer announced corrections to historical accounting figures representing an aggregated reduction in equity of NOK 479 million as per Q3 2012.
"Existing Bonds" means any of the Issuer's existing outstanding bonds with maturity before the Maturity Date.
