Definitions
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" means the generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden as applied by the Issuer in preparing its consolidated financial statements and as from the date of the listing on Nasdaq Stockholm the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Acquisition" means the acquisition by the Issuer of all of the shares in the Targets. "Acquisition Document" means the share sale and purchase agreement (Sw. aktieoverlatelseavtal) entered into on 12 May 2017 relating to the Targets.
"Add-on Acquisition Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 12.2 (Add on Acquisition Incurrence Test).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by the Issuer, a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer or a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (i) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than ninety (90) calendar days after the date of supply, or (ii) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership o f voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
1
