"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
12
which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Targets" means MST, Bellmans Åkeri & Entreprenad AB, reg. no. 556402-9006 and Grundab Entreprenader i Stockholm AB, reg. no. 556370-9921.
"Targets Share Pledge Agreement" means the share pledge agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and the Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) in relation to first priority pledges over all shares in each of the Targets.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (i) the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue and (ii) the listing of the Bonds on First North Stockholm and subsequently Nasdaq Stockholm.
"Transaction Security" means the transaction Security to be provided under the Security Documents on the First Issue Date and any additional transaction Security to be provided thereafter in accordance with Clause 13.8 {Additional Security).
"Vendor Loan Note" means the vendor loan note with a nominal loan amount of SEK 58,480,000 issued by the Issuer to Hasseludd Holding AB, reg. no. 556394-8313.
