"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge and all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) and the Additional Security, made in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties), expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations including but not limited to principal, fees and expenses, under any of the Finance Documents.
"Value Adjusted Equity Ratio" means Value Adjusted Equity over Value Adjusted Total Assets.
"Value Adjusted Total Assets" means the book value on a consolidated basis of all assets of the Group according to GAAP, adjusted for the difference between the consolidated book value of the Security Vessels and the consolidated Market Value of the Security Vessels.
"Vessel Management Agreements" means any commercial, crewing and/or technical management agreements for the Security Vessels (as amended from time to time) entered into between each o f the Vessel Owners and the respective Vessel Manager.
"Vessel Manager" means (i) the Commercial Manager, (ii) the Technical Manager and/or (iii) any other entity (being an entity within the Parent group or a third party acceptable to the agent of the RCF Creditors) entering into a Vessel Management Agreement with a Vessel Owner on terms no less favourable to such Vessel Owner than arms-length terms and otherwise in compliance with the term hereof.
"Vessel Mortgages" means the Marshall Island law mortgages over the Security Vessels including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Security Vessels under applicable law, including any deed of covenants supplemental to the Vessel Mortgages and to the security thereby created between the Issuer and the Security Agent.
"Vessel Owners" means the single purpose limited liability companies, each being the sole legal and beneficial owner of a Security Vessel. All Vessel Owners are or will become 100% directly or indirectly owned Subsidiaries of the Issuer and registered in the Republic of the Marshall Islands.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions).
