10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 {Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
32 (61)
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion, including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event)
11.2 Restrictions (a) For 40 days from the Issue Date (the "Compliance Period"), the Bonds may only be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred to (i) a non-"U.S. person" in an "offshore transaction" (each as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")) or (ii) a person whom the seller and/or any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" ("QIB") (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")), in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. Each person transferring Bonds during the Compliance Period is required to arrange such trades through the joint bookrunners for the Bond offering and to obtain a certificate or taped telephonic confirmation from the transferee certifying as to such transferee's status as a non-U.S. person or QIB, as the case may be. During the Compliance Period, the Bonds will have a temporary ISIN that is designated as restricted under Regulation S (and will be automatically converted to a new ISIN after the expiration of the Compliance Period).
(b) After the expiration of the Compliance Period, Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) to the Issuer, (b) pursuant an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (c) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (d) to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction satisfying the requirements of Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, including in a transaction on the Oslo Bors, and (e) pursuant to any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act, including Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
(c) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(d) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
33 (61)
