(d) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
12.1 Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on the Parent's website (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee for publishing on www.stamdata.no) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee for publishing on www.stamdata.no) as soon as they become available, and not later 90 days after the end o f the first, third and fourth quarter and 60 days after second quarter, however, always subject to any exemption, waiver or extension granted by the Oslo Stock Exchange (Nw: Oslo Bors).
(c) The Issuer shall within 15 Business Days after the end of the second and fourth quarter, supply valuation certificates from two Approved Brokers no older than 30 days showing the Market Value of each Security Vessel at such time.
(d) The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute the reports referred to in (a) and (b) above to the Bondholders.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports), however only once for each relevant reporting period, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer, of the Issuer, certifying i.a that the Financial Statements are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.3 (Financial Covenants) as at such date.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
