If the Borrower redeems the entire Loan pursuant to the aforesaid, remaining funds on the Escrow Account may be used as partial payment for such redemption. All Loan Security shall be discharged upon full redemption of the Loan.
For the purpose of this Clause 10.2 the following terms shall have the following meaning:
"Make-Whole Amount" means, with respect to any Bond, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Discounted Value of the remaining period of the Loan until the Maturity Date with respect to the Called Principal of such Bonds over the amount of such Called Principal. For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount, the following terms have the following meanings:
"Called Principal" means, with respect any Bonds, the principal of such Bonds that is to be prepaid.
"Discounted Value" means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Bonds, the amount obtained by discounting all remaining payments with respect to such Called Principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the Maturity Date with respect to such Called Principal, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on the Bonds is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Called Principal.
"Reinvestment Yield" means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Bonds, 100 basis points over the yield to maturity (for the avoidance of any doubt; the discount rate used to find the net present value shall be US Treasury at that time plus 100 basis points) implied by (i) the yields reported as of 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Banking Day preceding the date of redemption with respect to such Called Principal, on the display designated as "Page PX1" (or such other display as may replace Page PX1 on Bloomberg Financial Markets ("Bloomberg") or, if Page PX1 (or its successor screen on Bloomberg) is unavailable, the Telerate Access Service screen which corresponds most closely to Page PX1 for the most recently issued actively traded U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity equal to the remaining average life of such Called Principal as of such redemption date, or (ii) if such yields arc not reported as of such time or the yields reported as of such time are not ascertainable (including by way of interpolation), the Treasury Constant Maturity Series Yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as of the second Banking Day preceding the redemption date with respect to such Called Principal, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (or any comparable successor publication) for actively traded U.S. Treasury securities having a constant maturity equal to the remaining average life o f such Called Principal as of such redemption date. Such implied yield will be determined, if necessary, by (a) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating
15
Ail
'rf
