Execution Version
Ropo Capital
Terms and Conditions
RopoHold Oy Up to EUR 75,000,000 Senior Secured Floating Rate Bonds
ISIN: FI4000292461 29 November 2017
Other than the registration of the Bonds under Finnish law, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession,
circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose
possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.

I
Table of Contents
1. Definitions and Construction.........................................................................................1 2. Status of the Bonds..................................................................................................... 12 3. Use of Proceeds...........................................................................................................13 4. Conditions Precedent.................................................................................................. 13 5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form........................................................................................... 14 6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder....................................................................... 15 7. Payments in Respect of the Bonds...............................................................................15 8. Interest........................................................................................................................ 16 9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds.................................................................. 16 10. Transaction Security.................................................................................................... 19 11. Information to Bondholders........................................................................................19 12. Financial Undertakings ................................................................................................ 21 13. General Undertakings................................................................................................. 22 14. Events of Default and Accelerationof the Bonds..........................................................24 15. Distribution of Proceeds.............................................................................................. 26 16. Decisions by Bondholders............................................................................................28 17. Bondholders' Meeting................................................................................................. 30 18. Written Procedure...................................................................................................... 31 19. Amendments and Waivers..........................................................................................32 20. Appointment and Replacement ofthe Agent...............................................................32 21. Appointment and Replacement ofthe Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent................. 36 22. No Direct Actions by Bondholders.............................................................................. 37 23. Prescription.................................................................................................................37 24. Notices and Press Releases..........................................................................................38 25. Governing Law and Jurisdiction...................................................................................39

1
1. Definitions and Construction
1.1 Definitions
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Act on Noteholders' Agent" means the Finnish Act on Noteholders' Agent (Fin: Laki joukkolainanhaltijoiden edustajasta 574/2017).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee Oy, Finnish Reg. No. 2488240-7, Mikonkatu 1b, 00100 Helsinki, Finland, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"AR Facility" means the facility provided to a Group Company for the purpose of financing asset backed insured receivables, in the ordinary course of business.
"B Shares" means all class B shares issued in the Issuer from time to time.
"Bondholder" means the Person who is registered in the register maintained by the CSD pursuant to Clause 2 of Section 3 of Chapter 4 of the Book-Entry System Act as direct registered owner (omistaja) or nominee (hallintarekisteroinnin hoitaja) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 17 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bond" means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount and of the type referred to in Clause 1 of Section 34 of the Act on Promissory Notes (Velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as amended) (joukkovelkakirja) and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.

2
"Book-Entry Securities System" means the Infinity system being part of the book-entry register maintained by the CSD or any other replacing book-entry securities system.
"Book-Entry System Act" means the Finnish Act on Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Laki arvo-osuusjarjestelmasta ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017, as amended).
"Business Day" means a day on which the deposit banks are generally open for business in Helsinki.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a CSD Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a CSD Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, not being the Majority Shareholders (or an Affiliate thereof), acting in concert, acquire control, directly or indirectly, over more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the agreed form between the Agent and the Issuer, signed by the Issuer certifying satisfaction of the Incurrence Test (if relevant) and that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Finland Oy, business identity code 1061446-0, Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, P.O. Box 1110, 00101 Helsinki.
"CSD Business Day" means a day on which the Book-Entry Securities System is open in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Reference Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any extraordinary items which are not in line with the ordinary course of business, provided that such items are not in excess of an amount equal to 10 per cent. of EBITDA in the Reference Period;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs and any transaction costs relating to any acquisition of any additional target company;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group;

3
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) plus or minus the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer, after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or an unregulated market.
"EURIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Euro and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by banks reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Euro" and "EUR" means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in any of the Clauses 14.1 (Non-Payment) to any including Clause 14.8 (Continuation of the Business).
"Existing Debt" means (i) the senior loan in an aggregated amount of approximately EUR 16,200,000 granted by, among others, Nordea Bank AB (publ), Finnish Branch to the Group, (ii) the shareholder loans in an aggregated amount of approximately EUR 12,500,000 granted by Sentica Buyout IV Ky, Sentica Buyout Co-Investment Ky, Crane

4
Hille Invest Oy and TRM Invest Oy to the Issuer and (iii) the capitalised interest on the shareholder loans referred to in (ii) in an aggregated amount of approximately EUR 2,538,000.
"Final Maturity Date" means 1 December 2020.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) other than Transaction Costs, interest on any loan owing to any member of the Group and taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instrument which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents, the Agency Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Finance Lease" means any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the accounting principles applicable on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the accounting principles as applicable on the First Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the accounting principles, be considered as finance or capital leases.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Leases;
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).

5
"Financial Report" means the Group's annual audited consolidated financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports of the Group, which shall be prepared and made available in accordance with Clause 11.1(a)(i) and Clause 11.1(a)(ii).
"First Call Date" means the date falling 18 months after the First Issue Date.
"First Issue Date" means 1 December 2017.
"Floating Rate Margin" means 7.00 per cent. per annum.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Incurrence Test" means the test of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA in accordance with Clause 12.1 (Incurrence Test).
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c).
"Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant Person, that it is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Section 1 of Chapter 2 of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Konkurssilaki 120/2004, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta 47/1993, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Payment Date" means 1 March, 1 June, 1 September and 1 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 1 March 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means EURIBOR (3 months) plus the Floating Rate Margin.

6
"Issuer" means RopoHold Oy, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with Finnish Reg. No. 2749630-9.
"Issuing Agent" means the issuing agent (liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) of the Bonds, being Nordea Bank AB (publ), Finnish Branch, or another party replacing it as Issuing Agent in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"Majority Shareholder" means Sentica Buyout IV Ky and/or Sentica Buyout Co Investment Ky, acting separately or jointly, or an Affiliate thereof.
"Make Whole Amount" means the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 103.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (assuming that the interest rate for the period from the relevant redemption date to the First Call Date will be equal to the interpolated EUR mid-swap rate for the remaining term the relevant redemption date until the First Call Date plus the applicable Floating Rate Margin), less any accrued but unpaid interest, through and including the First Call Date,
each calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable German government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) provided that if the German government bond rate is less than zero, it will be deemed to be zero per cent., and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Helsinki or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Group's ability to perform and comply with the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Minimum Trading Unit" means EUR 100,000.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (including Finance Leases, but no other leases) less cash and cash equivalents of the Group in

7
accordance with the applicable accounting principles of the Group from time to time, excluding any Financial Indebtedness under the AR Facility, guarantees, counter indemnities in respect of bank guarantees and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bonds after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner (if the Sole Bookrunner has requested that its fees and costs shall be deducted) and the Paying and Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of each Bond the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which that Bond has been redeemed in part pursuant to Clause 9.4 (Voluntary partial redemption).
"One-Off Dividend" shall have the meaning given to such term in Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds).
"Paying Agent" means, initially Nordea Bank AB (publ), Finnish Branch, or any other party replacing the same as Paying Agent in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under the Bonds (except for any Subsequent Bonds);
(b) in the form of Existing Debt provided that such Financial Indebtedness is refinanced (and any related security is released) through the issuance of the Initial Bonds on or before the initial release of any amount from the Proceeds Account;
(c) of the Group incurred pursuant to any Finance Leases incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business in a maximum amount of EUR 1,000,000 (or the equivalent) at any time;
(d) under a foreign exchange transaction or a commodity transaction for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates or prices where the exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions or the AR Facility, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(e) arising under any interest rate hedging transactions in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions or the AR Facility, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(f) incurred under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(g) incurred under any Shareholder Loans;

8
(h) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness (i) is incurred as a result of an issuance of Subsequent Bond and meets the Incurrence Test on a pro forma basis, or (ii) ranks pari passu or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, and (A) meets the Incurrence Test on a pro forma basis, (B) has a final maturity date or a final redemption date; and (C) when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates, in each case (B) and (C) which occur after the Final Redemption Date;
(i) taken up from a Group Company;
(j) incurred in connection with the redemption of the Bonds in order to fully refinance the Bonds and provided further that such Financial Indebtedness is subject to an escrow arrangement up until the redemption of the Bonds (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD), for the purpose of securing, inter alia, the redemption of the Bonds;
(k) of the Group under any pension or tax liabilities of the Group incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(l) under the AR Facility incurred by the Issuer or another Group Company not in aggregate exceeding EUR 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies) or, if higher, an amount equivalent to 100 per cent. of EBITDA for the last financial year; and
(m) any other Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or another Group Company not in aggregate exceeding EUR 500,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies).
"Permitted Security" means any security:
(a) provided under the Finance Documents;
(b) up until the initial release of funds from the Proceeds Account, any security provided under the Existing Debt;
(c) provided with first ranking under the AR Facility in the form of enterprise mortgage certificates issued by any Group Company in a maximum aggregated amount of EUR 5,000,000 until the date occurring six months after the First Issue Date and thereafter EUR 2,000,000.
(d) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);
(e) created in the form of a pledge over an escrow account to which the proceeds incurred in relation to a refinancing of the Bonds in full are intended to be received;

9
(f) created for the benefit of the finance providers in relation to a refinancing of the Bonds in full, however provided always that any perfection requirements in relation thereto are satisfied after repayment of the Bonds in full;
(g) arising under any netting or set off arrangements under financial derivatives transactions or bank account arrangements, including group cash pool arrangements; and
(h) provided pursuant to items (c), (d) and (m) of the definition of Permitted Debt.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Proceeds Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held with Nordea Bank AB (publ), Finnish Branch, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent) under the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement.
"Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Proceeds Account and all funds held on the Proceeds Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent).
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means:
(a) in relation to a payment of Interest, default interest and/or redemption of the Bonds when such payment is made through the Book-Entry Securities System, the end of the first CSD Business Day prior to, as applicable, (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) the day on which default interest is paid, (iii) a Redemption Date or (iv) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 15 (Distribution of Proceeds);
(b) in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting and Written Procedure, the end of the CSD Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 17(c) or Clause 18(c), as applicable; and
(c) otherwise, the end of the fifth CSD Business Day prior to another relevant date.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds).

10
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year for as long as any Bonds are outstanding.
"Reference Period" means each period of twelve consecutive calendar months.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Restricted Payment" shall have the meaning given to such term in Clause 13.2 (Distributions).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent, the Bondholders and the Agent (including in its capacity as Agent under the Agency Agreement).
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any Person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the security agent holding the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties, being the Agent on the First Issue Date.
"Security Documents" means:
(a) the share pledge agreements in respect of all the shares in:
(i) Ropo Group Oy;
(ii) Ropo Finance Oy;
(iii) Ropo Invest Oy; and
(iv) Ropo Capital Oy.
(b) the pledge agreements in respect of enterprise mortgage certificates issued by:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Ropo Capital Oy;
(iii) Ropo Finance Oy; and
(iv) Ropo Invest Oy.
"Shareholder Loans" means any loan from the shareholder(s) of the Issuer to the Issuer as the debtor existing on the First Issue Date, if such shareholder loans according to its terms, (i) are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions pursuant to a subordination agreement in form and substance

11
acceptable to the Agent, (b) have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date, and (c) yield only payment-in-kind interest.
"Sole Bookrunner" means Pareto Securities AB.
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means, in respect of which such Person, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than 50 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, or (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (i) the issuance of the Initial Bonds, (ii) an issuance of Subsequent Bonds and (iii) the listing of the Bonds.
"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents, provided that all Security shall be subject to, and limited as required by, financial assistance and distribution of assets regulations and other corporate law limitations.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Written Procedure).
1.2 Construction
(a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(i) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(iii) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(iv) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
(v) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted; and

12
(vi) a time of day is a reference to Helsinki time.
(b) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in EUR has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against EUR for the previous Business Day, as published by the European Central Bank on its website (www.ecb.int). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(c) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within the European Economic Area promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(d) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in Euro and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is EUR 1,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 50,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount. The minimum amount of Bonds to be transferred by or to any Bondholder may not be less than the Minimum Trading Unit.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 75,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 16(e)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer,

13
except obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Bonds, less the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Bonds, for (i) refinancing the Existing Debt, (ii) finance payment(s) of one-off dividend in an aggregated amount of EUR 24,200,000 (the "One-Off Dividend"), and (iii) finance general corporate purposes. The proceeds from any Subsequent Bonds shall be used to finance general corporate purposes of the Group, including investments and acquisitions.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds to the Proceeds Account is subject to the Agent having received documents and evidence of the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement being duly executed and perfected.
(b) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Agent:
(i) constitutional documents and corporate resolutions (approving the relevant Finance Documents and authorising a signatory/-ies to execute the Finance Documents) for the Issuer and each other party to a Finance Document (other than the Agent);
(ii) copies of the Finance Documents, duly executed;
(iii) copies of the Security Documents, duly executed, and evidence that the documents and other evidences to be delivered pursuant to the Security Documents will be delivered as soon as practicably possible following disbursement of the Net Proceeds from the Initial Bonds from the Proceeds Account;
(iv) evidence that the Existing Debt will be prepaid immediately upon disbursement of funds from the Proceeds Account;
(v) an agreed form Compliance Certificate; and

14
(vi) legal opinion(s) on the validity and enforceability of any Finance Document not governed by Finnish law.
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been received by the Agent, the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the funds from the Proceeds Account for the purpose of payments in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Proceeds Account. The Agent is not responsible for reviewing the documents and evidence referred to in Clause 4(b) from a legal or commercial perspective on behalf of the Bondholders.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been received by the Agent within 30 Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d). The repurchase date shall fall no later than 30 Business Days after the ending of the 30 Business Days period referred to above.
(e) The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct and true, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
(b) Each Bondholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Bondholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Bonds registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in Clauses 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 4 of the BookEntry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Agent, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, as applicable.
(c) The Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 5(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in Clause 5(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such Persons employed by the Agent or the Paying Agent, as notified by the Agent or the

15
Paying Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney given to the Agent unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
(e) The Issuer, the Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 5(b) only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Bonds and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for the before-mentioned purposes.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any Person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such Person.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
7. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the Book-Entry Securities System and book-entry accounts as well as the regulations of the CSD.
(b) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8(d) during such postponement.
(c) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay,

16
irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.
(d) The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.
8. Interest
(a) Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (and including) the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bonds will carry Interest at the Interest Rate from (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two per cent. higher than the Interest Rate from (and including) the date such payment was due up to (but excluding) the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
9.1 Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a CSD Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following CSD Business Day.
9.2 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold by the Issuer, but not cancelled.
9.3 Voluntary total redemption (calloption)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on a CSD Business Day:

17
(i) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Bond equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 24 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(iii) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 24 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 30 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(iv) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 30 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 33 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(v) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 33 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Voluntary partial redemption
(a) The Issuer may make partial repayments of Bonds in an amount per fiscal year corresponding to a maximum of five per cent. of the aggregated Initial Nominal Amount. Any partial repayment shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The prepayment price for each Bond shall be a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in Clause 9.3 for the relevant period and shall for the period up to (but excluding) the First Call Date be the price set out in Clause 9.3(a)(ii), in each case including accrued but unpaid interest.
(b) Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 20 Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in part on the immediately following Interest Payment Date at the applicable amounts. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) and paid

18
to the Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
9.5 Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Listing Event
(a) The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35 per cent. of the aggregated Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date occurring within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregated amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
(b) The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in Clause 9.3 for the relevant period and shall for the period up to (but excluding) the First Call Date be the price set out in Clause 9.3(a)(ii), in each case including accrued but unpaid interest.
9.6 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of 60 days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6(a).
9.7 General
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.

19
10. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer and certain Group Companies grant on or in connection with First Issue Date the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Security Agent.
(b) The Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents.
(c) For the avoidance of doubt, any mortgage and floating charge is deemed perfected for the purposes of this Clause where, in addition to due execution of the relevant Security Documents, duly signed applications for the registration of such mortgages have been filed with the appropriate registration authority with instruction to the authority to deliver the registered mortgage notes to the Security Agent.
(d) Unless and until the Security Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Security Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Security Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
11. Information to Bondholders
11.1 Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer will make the following information available in the English language to the Bondholders by way of press release and by publication on its website:
(i) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year, each including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;
(ii) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, its quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports for such period, each including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;

20
(iii) any other information required by the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are admitted to trading.
(b) When the Bonds have been listed, the reports referred to Clause 11.1(a)(i) and Clause 11.1(a)(ii) shall be made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki (as amended from time to time) and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012).
(c) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Bondholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event. The Issuer shall provide such further information as the Agent may reasonably request in writing following receipt of a notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event.
(d) The Issuer shall submit a duly executed Compliance Certificate to the Agent:
(i) in connection with the incurrence of debt in accordance with item (h) of the definition Permitted Debt;
(ii) in connection with the making of a Restricted Payment; and
(iii) at the Agent's request, within 20 days from such request.
(e) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(f) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 11.1 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 11.1.
11.2 Information from the Agent
Subject to the restrictions of any applicable law or regulation, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to

21
the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
11.3 Publication of Finance Documents
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Agent.
(b) The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
12. Financial Undertakings
12.1 Incurrence Test
The Incurrence Test is met if:
(a) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than:
(i) 4.50:1 from (and including) the First Issue Date until (and including) the first anniversary of the First Issue Date;
(ii) 4.25:1 from (but excluding) the first anniversary of the First Issue Date until (and including) the second anniversary of the First Issue Date;
(iii) 4.00:1 from (but excluding) the second anniversary of the First Issue Date until (and including) the third anniversary of the First Issue Date; and
(b) no Event of Default is continuing or would occur upon the incurrence or the payment (as applicable).
12.2 Testing of the Incurrence Test
The calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than two months prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness or the making of a Restricted Payment, as applicable. The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but (in relation to the incurrence of Permitted Debt) include the new Financial Indebtedness provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt). EBITDA shall be calculated in accordance with Clause 12.3 (Adjustments).

22
12.3 Adjustments
The figures for EBITDA for the Reference Period ending on the relevant test date shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:
(a) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Reference Period, or after the end of the Reference Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Reference Period; and
(b) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Reference Period.
13. General Undertakings
13.1 General
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that each other Group Company will) comply with the undertakings set out in this Clause 13 for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding.
13.2 Distributions
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, (i) pay any dividend on its shares (other than to the Issuer or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer), (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) grant any loans (other than to the Issuer or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer), (v) repay any Shareholder Loans, or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, or any Affiliates of the Issuer (other than to the Issuer or a whollyowned Subsidiary of the Issuer) ((i)-(vi) each being a "Restricted Payment").
(b) Notwithstanding the above:
(i) a Restricted Payment may be made by the Issuer, if, at the time of the payment:
(A) an Equity Listing Event has occurred;
(B) the Incurrence Test is met (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment); and
(C) the aggregated amount of all Restricted Payments of the Group in any fiscal year (including the Restricted Payment in question) does not exceed 50% of the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous fiscal year;
(ii) the Issuer may pay dividend on its B Shares if the aggregated amount of such dividend does not exceed EUR 100,000 per fiscal year and

23
provided that no Event of Default is outstanding at the time of the payment; and
(iii) the Issuer may make payments of the part of the One-Off Dividend, amounting in aggregate to maximum EUR 12,000,000, which was not made in connection with the First Issue Date, provided that such payment is made within six months from the First Issue Date and that no Event of Default is outstanding at the time of the payment.
13.3 Nature of Business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group if such substantial change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, incur, prolong, renew or extend any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and its Subsidiaries have a right to incur, prolong, renew or extend Financial Indebtedness that constitutes Permitted Debt.
13.5 Disposal of Assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of any shares in any Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or that Group Company's assets, or operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Group Companies, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.6 Dealings with Related Parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries will, conduct all dealings with their direct and indirect shareholders (excluding the Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders on arm's length terms.
13.7 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the Group have a right to provide, retain, prolong or renew, any Permitted Security.
13.8 Loans out
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, extend any loans in any form to any other party than (i) to other Group Companies or (ii) in the ordinary course of business.

24
13.9 Admission to trading
The Issuer shall ensure:
(a) that the Initial Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Helsinki or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market, within nine months of the First Issue Date;
(b) that any Subsequent Bonds are listed on the relevant Regulated Market within 60 days after the issuance of such Subsequent Bonds and with an intention to complete such listing within 30 days after the issuance of such Subsequent Bonds (unless Subsequent Bonds are issued before the date falling nine months before the First Issue Date in which case such Subsequent Bonds shall be listed within nine months after the First Issue Date); and
(c) that the Bonds, if admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
14. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14 (other than Clause 14.9 (Acceleration of the Bonds)) is an Event of Default.
14.1 Non-Payment
The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error and payment is made within five Business Days of the due date.
14.2 Other Obligations
A party (other than the Agent) does not comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out under Clause 14.1 (Non-Payment) above, provided that the Agent has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within 15 Business Days from such request (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds due and payable without such prior written request).
14.3 Cross-Acceleration
Any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Clause 14.3 (Cross-Acceleration) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness that has fallen due is less than EUR

25
1,000,000 (or the equivalent) and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company.
14.4 Insolvency
If:
(a) any Group Company becomes Insolvent; or
(b) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company.
14.5 Insolvency Proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 60 days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Group Company; and
(b) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Group Company.
14.6 Mergers and Demergers
A decision is made that any Group Company shall be demerged or merged if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a merger subject to existing security between Subsidiaries only shall not be an Event of Default and a merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not the surviving entity, shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged.
14.7 Creditors' Process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding EUR 1,000,000 (or the equivalent) and is not discharged within 60 days.
14.8 Continuation of the Business
The Issuer or any other Group Company ceases to carry on its business if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

26
14.9 Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Agent is entitled to, and shall, following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 14.9(d), on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Agent may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14.9(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(c) The Agent shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within 20 Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
(d) If the Bondholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 14.9, up to, but excluding, the First Call Date the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest and thereafter, as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs, the redemption amount specified in Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)).
15. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security shall (subject to applicable law) be

27
distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(i) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Bondholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds, the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the protection of the Bondholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 20.2(g), and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 16(c);
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 15(a)(i), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 15(a)(i).
(c) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds constitute escrow funds and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 15 as soon as reasonably practicable.
(d) If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 15, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least 15 Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7(a) shall apply and for any partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4 (Voluntary partial redemption) due but not made, the Record Date specified in Clause 9.4(b) shall apply.

28
16. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the Bondholders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 6 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder) from a Person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i) at the Record Date on the CSD Business Day specified in the notice of the Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 17(c), in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(ii) at the Record Date on the CSD Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 18(c), in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
(e) The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least 66 2/3 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18(c):
(i) the issue of any Subsequent Bonds, if the total nominal amount of the Bonds exceeds, or if such issue would cause the total nominal amount of the Bonds to at any time exceed, EUR 75,000,000 (for the avoidance

29
of doubt, for which consent shall be required at each occasion such Subsequent Bonds are issued);
(ii) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 13 (General Undertakings);
(iii) release the security provided under the Security Documents;
(iv) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(v) amend any payment day for principal or interest amount or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
(vi) amend the provisions regarding the majority requirements under these Terms and Conditions.
(f) Any matter not covered by Clause 16(e) shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18(c). This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 19(a)(i) or (19(a)(ii))), an acceleration of the Bonds, or the enforcement of any Transaction Security.
(g) Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 16(e), and otherwise 20 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(i) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(h) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18(a)), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 16(g) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(i) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.

30
(j) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(l) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(m) All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Group and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
17. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to the CSD and each Bondholder no later than five Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17(a) with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 20.4(c), the Issuer shall no

31
later than five Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 17(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) a specification of the CSD Business Day at the end of which a Person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights at the meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than 15 Business Days and no later than 30 Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
18. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure (which may be conducted electronically in a manner determined by the Agent) no later than five Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 18(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 18(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the CSD Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least 15 Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 18(a)). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
(d) When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 16(e) and 16(f) have been received in a Written Procedure,

32
the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 16(e) or 16(f), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
19. Amendments and Waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders).
(b) The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
(c) The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 19(a), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 11.3 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
(d) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
20. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
20.1 Appointment of Agent
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent and representative pursuant to the Act on Noteholders' Agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in all matters set out in the Act on Noteholders' Agent and particularly in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder or relating to the Transaction Security including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security.

33
(b) By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Agent and the Security Agent to act on its behalf, as set forth in Clause 20.1(a).
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is under any obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable), that the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Agent may act as agent and/or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
20.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person and no opinion or advice by the Agent will be binding on the Bondholders.

34
(d) The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial conditions of the Issuer or compliance by the Group with the terms of the Finance Documents (unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents) or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default (or any event that my lead to an Event of Default) has occurred.
(e) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(g) The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(h) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(i) If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(j) The Agent shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 20.2(i).
20.3 Limited liability for the Agent
(a) The Agent will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance

35
Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct or unless otherwise provided for in the Act on Noteholders' Agent. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
(c) The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Bondholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
(d) The Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders) or a demand by Bondholders given pursuant to Clause 14.9 (Acceleration of the Bonds).
(e) The Agent is not liable for information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or by any other person.
(f) Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
20.4 Replacement of the Agent
(a) Subject to Clause 20.4(f), the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
(b) Subject to Clause 20.4(f), if the Agent is Insolvent, removed by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority from the public register of Noteholders' Agents referred to in the Act on Noteholders' Agent or is no longer independent of the Issuer, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other independent reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances and which is registered (if required to be so registered by the Act on Noteholders' Agent) in the public register of noteholders' agents referred to in the Act on Noteholders' Agent.
(c) A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day

36
immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
(d) If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Agent within 90 days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other independent reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances and which is registered (if required to be so registered by the Act on Noteholders' Agent) in the public register of noteholders' agents referred to in the Act on Noteholders' Agent.
(e) The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 20.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
21. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the

37
legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent may retire from their respective assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent or Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent or Paying Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
22. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (yrityssaneeraus) or bankruptcy (konkurssi) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
(b) Clause 22(a) shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 20.1(c)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 20.2(i), such failure must continue for at least 40 Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 20.2(j) before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 22(a).
(c) The provisions of Clause 22(a) shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
23. Prescription
(a) The right to receive payment of the principal of or interest on the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void three years from the date on which such payment became due.
(b) If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Finnish Act on Limitations (Laki velan vanhentumisesta 728/2003, as amended), a new limitation period of at least three years will commence.

38
24. Notices and Press Releases
24.1 Notices
(a) Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(i) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Finnish Trade Register on the Business Day prior to dispatch;
(ii) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Finnish Trade Register on the Business Day prior to dispatch; and
(iii) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Bondholders. A Notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Group and the Agent.
(b) Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 24.1(a) or, in case of letter, three Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 24.1(a).
(c) Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.
(d) If an Event of Default is continuing, any notice or other communication made by the Agent to the Issuer under or in connection with the Finance Documents may, provided that the Agent deems it necessary in order to preserve the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents, be sent by email and will be effective on the day of dispatch (unless a delivery failure message was received by the Agent), save that any notice or other communication sent by email that is sent after 5.00 p.m. in the place of receipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. Any notice or other communication to be sent by email by the Agent to the Issuer in accordance with this paragraph (d) shall be sent to the CFO or the CEO of the Issuer, to the email addresses most recently notified by the Issuer to the Agent.
24.2 Press releases
(a) Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), 9.4 (Voluntary partial redemption), 9.5 (Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Listing Event), 9.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)), 11.1(b), 14.9(c), 16(o), 17(a), 18(a) and 19(c) shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

39
(b) In addition to Clause 24.2(a), if any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
25. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Finland.
(b) The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Finnish courts with the District Court of Helsinki (Helsingin karajaoikeus) as the court of first instance.
(c) Clause 25(a) and 25(b) above shall not limit the right of the Agent (or the Bondholders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets

40

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
ROPOHOLD OY as Issuer

Name:

'JOl/A'/fZrf-

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
NORDIC TRUSTEE OY as Agent
Name:

40
We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves. ROPOHOLD OY as Issuer Name:
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us. NORDIC TRUSTEE OY
Name:

