EXECUTION COPY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Secto Automotive Group Oy
EUR 15,000,000 Senior Secured Callable Bonds 2016/2019
ISIN: FI4000232921 2 December 2016
Other than the registration of the Bonds under Finnish law, no action is being taken in anyjurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering o f the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in anyjurisdiction where actionfor thatpurpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to
inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
CASTREN & SNELLMAN

CONTENTS

EXECUTION COPY

1 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION......................................................................................................... 3

2 STATUS OF THE BONDS............................................................................................................................ 12

3 USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................... 13

4 ESCROW ACCOUNT......................................................................................................................................13

5 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.........................................................................................................................13

6 CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT.......................................................................................................................14

7 TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS.........................................................................................................................14

8 BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM.................................................................................................................15

9 RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER..................................................................................15

10 PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS......................................................................................... 16

11 INTEREST...................................................................................................................................................... i6

12 REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS...............................................................................16

13 TRANSACTION SECURITY.......................................................................................................................... 18

14 INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS........................................................................................................ 18

15 GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................................................... 20

16 FINANCIAL COVENANTS............................................................................................................................ 22

17 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS............................................................. 23

18 ALLOCATION OF PROCEEDS..................................................................................................................... 25

19 DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS................................................................................................................ 26

20 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING....................................................................................................................... 28

21 WRITTEN PROCEDURE..............................................................................................................................28

22 AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS................................................................................................................. 29

23 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE..................................................................... 29

24 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUER AGENT AND THE PAYING AGENT...........32

25 NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS.............................................................................................. 33

26 PRESCRIPTION..................................................................................................................................... 33

27 NOTICES......................................................................................................................................

33

28 TAXATION.....................................................................................................................................................34

29 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.................................................................................................. 34

6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY

l

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

Accounting Principles

means lil in connection with each Incurrence Test as set in Clause 16.2(e) (Testing o f Incurrence Test), generally accepted accounting principles in Fin land, applicable to the Issuer at the First Issue Date and {ill in connection with other occasions, generally accepted accounting principles in Finland, including IFRS (as of the date on which IFRS becomes applicable to the Issuer).

Adjusted Free Operat means free operating cash flow after accounting for capital expenditures and

ing Cash Flow

adjusted by excluding change in net working capital.

Adjusted Nominal Amount

means the aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of all Bonds, less the Nom inal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

Affiliate

means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indi rectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or oth erwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correl ative to the foregoing.

Agency Agreement

means the fee agreement entered into between the Trustee and the Issuer on or about the First Issue Date regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Trustee.

Bondholder

means the person who is registered in the register maintained by the CSD pur suant to Clause 2 of Section 3 of Chapter 6 of the Book-Entry System Act as direct registered owner (in Finnish omistaja) or nominee (in Finnish hallintarekisteroinnin hoitaja) with respect to a Bond.

Bondholders' Meeting means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 20 (Bondholders' Meeting).

Bonds

means debt instruments of the type referred to in Clause 1 of Section 34 of the Act on Promissory Notes {622/1947, as amended, in Finnish velkakirjalaki) (in Finnish joukkovelkakirja) and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.

Book-Entry Securities means the Infinity system being part of the book-entry register maintained by

System

the CSD or any other replacing book-entry securities system.

Book-Entry System Act

means the Finnish Act on Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (749/2012, as amended, in Finnish laki arvo-osuusjdrjestelmdstd ja selvitystoiminnasta).

Business Day

means a day on which the deposit banks are generally open for business in Helsinki.

Business Day Conven means the first following day that is a CSD Business Day. tion

Calculation Adjust ments

has the meaning given that term in Clause 16.3 (Calculation Adjustments).

6931508.11

3(35)

EXECUTION COPY

Cash Equivalent In vestments
Change of Control
Compliance Certifi cate
CSD CSD Business Day EBITDA

means, in respect of the Group, and at any time, (i) immediately available funds at bank accounts and (ii) marketable debt securities held for cash man agement purposes that can be realised promptly and which has a credit rating of either A-i or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fi or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-i or higher by Moody's Investor Services Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper or debt securities, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit en hanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating.
means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more per sons, not being the Investor acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.1 per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by an authorised signatory the Issuer (i) certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (ii) if pro vided in connection with and Incurrence Test, also including calculations and figures in respect of such Incurrence Test.
means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Finland Oy, business identity code 1061446-0, Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, P.O. Box 1110, 00101 Helsinki.
means a day on which the Book-Entiy Securities System is open in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
means (by taking into account the relevant Calculation Adjustments in connec tion with an Incurrence Test), in respect of any Reference Period, the consoli dated profit of the Group from ordinaiy activities according to the latest Finan cial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any extraordinary items and any other mate rial items of and extraordinary or non-recurring nature, which are not in line with the ordinary course of business;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs and any transaction costs relating to any acquisition of any additional target company;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any deriva tive instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is ac counted for on a hedge account basis);
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) plus or minus the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and

6931508.11

4(35)

EXECUTION COPY

(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreci ation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.

Equity Listing Event

means the listing of the shares in the Issuer for trade on Helsinki Stock Ex change maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd., any other regulated recognized market place or a multilateral trading facility.

Escrow Account

means a bank account of the Issuer, into which the Total Proceeds will be paid and which has prior to the First Issue Date been pledged in favour of the Trus tee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee) under the Escrow Ac count Pledge Agreement blocked for access by the Issuer.

Escrow Account Bank means OP Corporate Bank pic.

Escrow Account Pledge Agreement

means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee prior to the First Issue Date, including evidence of perfection of the Security over the Escrow Account, in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time (excluding any amounts of Transaction Costs payable to the Sole Bookrunner), granted in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee).

EUR or Euro

means the single currency of the Participating Member States.

Event of Default

means an event or circumstance specified in any of the Clauses 17.1 (Non Payment) to and including Clause 17.9 (Continuation of the Business).

Final Redemption Date

means 12 December 2019.

Finance Charges

means (by taking into account the relevant Calculation Adjustments in connec tion with an Incurrence Test), for the Reference Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) other than Transaction Costs and taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instrument which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.

Finance Documents

means: (a) these Terms and Conditions; (b) the Transaction Security Documents; (c) the Agency Agreement; and (d) any other document designated by the Issuer and the Trustee as a Fi
nance Document.

Financial Advisor

means Prudentus Capital Oy.

Financial Indebted ness

means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Ac counting Principles applicable to the Group on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent

6931508.11

5(35)

EXECUTION COPY

they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrow ing;
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when cal culating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to mar ket value shall be taken into account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).

Financial Report

means the Group's annual audited financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clause 14.1 (Informationfrom the Issuer).

First Call Date

means the date falling eighteen (18) months after the First Issue Date,

First Issue Date

means 12 December 2016.

Group

means the Issuer and each Subsidiary from time to time,

Group Company

means a member of the Group.

IFRS

means international accounting standards within the meaning of the IAS Regu lation 1606/2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements.

Incurrence Test

has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 16.1 (Incurrence Test) and 16.2 (Testing ofIncurrence Test).

Initial Bonds

means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.

Insolvent

means, in respect of a relevant person, that it £0 is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Section 1 of Chapter 2 of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (120/2004, as amended, in Finnish konkurssilaki) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), (ii) admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, (iii~) suspends making payments on any of its debts, (iv) by reason of actual finan cial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (47/1993, as amended, in Finnish laki yrityksen saneerauksesta) (or its equiv alent in any other jurisdiction)) or (v) is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.

Interest

means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 11 (In terest).

Interest Coverage Ra means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges. tio

Interest Payment Date

means 12 December and 12 June of each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 12 June 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Redemp-

6931508.11

6(35)

EXECUTION COPY

tion Date.

Interest Period

means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).

Interest Rate

means a fixed interest rate of 6.75 per cent, per annum payable semi-annually in arrears.

Investor

means Sentica Buyout IV Ky, a limited partnership with business identity code 2511391-7 and/or Sentica Buyout IV Co-Investment Ky, a limited partnership with business identity code 2511383-7.

Issuer

means Secto Automotive Group Oy, business identity code 2598444-8, Nasintie 27, FI-06100 Porvoo, Finland.

Issuer Agent

means OP Corporate Bank pic, or any other party replacing the same as Issuer Agent in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.

Issue Date

means the First Issue Date and any subsequent date when issuance of Subse quent Bonds takes place.

Lease Formation Pe riod

means the period starting from the delivery of the vehicle to the end customer and ending with the closing of the sale and transfer of the leasing agreement and the vehicle to the subsequent financial lease provider.

Make Whole Amount

means a price equivalent to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 103.375 Per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling eighteen (18) months after the First Issue Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments, less any accrued but unpaid Interest, through and including the date falling eighteen (18) months after the First Issue Date,
each calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable German government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned date falling eighteen (18) months after the First Issue Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repay ment.

Market Loan

means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial pa per, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instru ments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.

Material Adverse Ef fect

means a material adverse effect on £x) the business, financial condition or op erations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions, or fiii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.

Material Group Com means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent, of the

pany

Total Assets or EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the

6931508.11

7(35)

EXECUTION COPY

latest Financial Report.

Net Finance Charges

means (by taking into account the relevant Calculation Adjustments in connec tion with the Incurrence Test), for the relevant Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any inter est payable during that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or Cash Equivalent Investments.

Net Interest Bearing Debt

means the Financial Indebtedness less cash and Cash Equivalent Investments of the Group, in accordance with the applicable Accounting Principles, of the Group from time to time.

Net Proceeds

means the proceeds from the Bond Issue after deduction has been made ii) for the Refinancing Debt payable by the Issuer to Etera Mutual Pension Insurance Company and (ii~) for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.

Nominal Amount

has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c) (Status o f the Bonds).

Outstanding Nominal means the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond from time to time less

Amount

any prepayments made on the Bonds.

Paying Agent

means, initially the Issuer Agent, or any other party replacing the same as Pay ing Agent in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.

Participating Member means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful

States

currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Eco

nomic and Monetary Union.

Pension Loans

means loans from Finnish pension insurance companies granted by such com pany to a member of the Group as a result of the re-borrowing of pension funds deposited with that company by a member of the Group.

Permitted Advance Payment Instruments

means any advance payment (for the sake clarity, also by means of receivables sold or discounted) used for the acquisition of vehicles and other moving assets incurred {i} in the ordinary course of business; (ii) in the Lease Formation Period; fiiD towards a creditor which is an Affiliate of a strategic financial partner of the Issuer; (iv) for a term of a maximum of 60 days and fv) provid ed that said financial partner has provided the Issuer with a financing com mitment in writing in respect of said interest bearing debt.

Permitted Debt

means any Financial Indebtedness:

(a) incurred under the Initial Bonds (except for any Subsequent Bonds);

(b) of the Group under any guarantee issued by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business;

(c) arising under any currency rate hedging transactions entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates where the exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Terms and Conditions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;

(d) arising under any interest rate hedging transactions in respect of pay ments to be made under the Terms and Conditions, but not any trans action for investment or speculative purposes;

(e) incurred under Permitted Advance Payment Instruments;

(f)

incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity

and which is due to that such acquired entity holds indebtedness, pro

6931508.11

8(35)

EXECUTION COPY

vided that the Incurrence Test is met, tested pro forma including the acquired entity in question and provided that any such debt is re financed by the issuance of Subsequent Bonds within six (6) months from the completion of the acquisition of the entity;

(g) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness meets the Incur rence Test tested pro forma including such incurrence, and (i) is in curred as a result of a Subsequent Bond Issue by the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions, or (ii) is fully subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents (i.e. no payments in cash or in kind or enforcement rights is permitted), and has interest payment dates and a final maturity date or a final redemption date or, when ap plicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date;

(h) incurred under any Pension Loans, Shareholder Loans, or loans be tween Group Companies;

(i)

incurred under finance or capital leases of vehicles, plant, equipment

or computers, or hire-purchase agreements, provided that the aggre

gate capital value of all such items so leased under outstanding leases

by members of the Group does not exceed EUR 1,000,000 (or its

equivalent in other currency or currencies) at any time;

(j)

until the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 5(a)

(Conditions precedent) below have been fulfilled, any Refinancing

Debt;

(k) incurred solely as a result of the implementation of the IFRS after the First Issue Date; and

(l)

any other Financial Indebtedness not covered under (a)-(k) above in

an aggregate maximum amount of EUR 500,000.

Permitted Security

means any Security:

(a) granted under the Bonds;

(b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (in cluding collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Permitted Advance Payment Instruments but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);

(c) arising under any netting or set off arrangements under financial de rivatives transactions;

(d) arising under any bank account arrangements, including group cash pool arrangements;

(e) provided for interest rate hedging transactions set out in paragraph (d) of the definition Permitted Debt;

(f)

provided for any guarantees issued by a Group Company in the ordi-

naiy course of business; and

(g) any other security not covered under (a)-(f) above in an aggregate max imum amount of EUR 100,000.

Permitted Share Issue means an issue of ordinary shares by the Issuer paid for in full in cash upon issue and where such issue does not lead to a Change of Control.

Person

means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.

6931508.11

9(35)

EXECUTION COPY

Record Date
Redemption Date Reference Period Refinancing Debt Secured Obligations
Secured Parties Securities Act Security Shareholder Loans
Sole Bookrunner Subsidiary

means:
(a) in relation to a payment of Interest, default interest and/or redemption of the Bonds when such payment is made through the Book-Entry Se curities System, the end of the first (ist) CSD Business Day prior to, as applicable, fi) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) the day on which default interest is paid, fin) a Redemption Date or fiv) a date on which a pay ment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 18 (Allocation of Proceeds);
(b) in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting and Written Procedure, the end of the CSD Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 20(c) (Bondholders' Meeting) or Clause 21(c) (Written Proce dure), as applicable; and
(c) otherwise, the end of the fifth (5th) CSD Business Day prior to another relevant date.
means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repur chased in accordance with Clause 12 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds).
means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months,
means:
(a) the senior loan from Etera Mutual Pension Insurance Company; and
(b) the shareholder loan used to partially finance the acquisition.
means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or con tingent, whether owed jointly, severally or in any other capacity whatsoever and whether originally incurred by the Issuer or by some other person) of the Issuer and each other Group Company to the Secured Parties under each of the Finance Documents, together with all costs, charges and expenses incurred by any Secured Party in connection with the protection, preservation or enforce ment of its respective rights under the Finance Documents.
means the Bondholders and the Trustee (including in its capacity as Trustee under the Agency Agreement).
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or ar rangement having a similar effect.
means any shareholder loan extended by a direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such shareholder loan fi) according to its terms is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Condi tions, fii) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when appli cable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date, and (iii) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest, other than interest that is permitted to be payable under item (a) of Clause 15.2 (Distributions).
means Prudentus Capital Oy.
means a subsidiaiy of the Issuer according to Chapter 1 Section 6 of the Finnish Accounting Act (1336/1997, as amended, in Finnish kirjanpitolaki) (or under such provision as may replace this provision).

6931508.11

10 (35)

EXECUTION COPY

Subsequent Bonds Total Assets Total Nominal Amount Total Proceeds Transaction Costs Transaction Security Documents
Transaction Security Trustee Written Procedure

means any Bonds issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.

means the consolidated book-value of all assets of all members of the Group calculated in accordance with the applicable Accounting Principles.

means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.

means the total proceeds from the Bond Issue before deduction has been made for any Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner, the Issuer Agent and the Paying Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.

means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxies in curred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with O i the Bond Issue and O il the refinancing of the Refinancing Debt.

means the relevant Security agreements purporting to create:

(a) first priority pledges over all the shares issued from time to time in:

(i)

Secto Automotive Oy;

(ii) Secto Vaihtoautot Oy; and

(iii) any Material Group Company (other than the Issuer) upon it becoming a Material Group Company;

(b) first priority floating charges registered against the movables in:

(i) the Issuer;

(ii) Sector Automotive Oy;

(iii) Secto Vaihtoautot Oy; and

(iv) any Material Group Company (other than the Issuer) upon it becoming a Material Group Company,

each corresponding to at least 200% of the aggregate amount of the Bond Issues; and

(c) first priority pledges over intra-group loans granted by:

(i) the Issuer to a Group Company; and

(ii) Secto Automotive Oy to a Group Company.

in each case as specified in the relevant Transaction Security Document.

means the Security granted to secure the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.

means Nordic Trustee Oy, business identity code 2488240-7, Mikonkatu lB, 00100 Helsinki, Finland or another party replacing it, as Trustee, in accord ance with these Terms and Conditions.

means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 21 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

(a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(i) assets includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

6931508.11

n (35)

2
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, re stated or replaced from time to time;
(iii) a regulation includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other au thority or organisation;
(iv) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
(v) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(vi) a time of day is a reference to Helsinki time.
(b) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Finland promptly and in a non discriminatory manner.
(c) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in EUR has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be count ed on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against EUR for the previous Business Day, as published by the European Central Bank on its website fwww.ecb.int~). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(d) No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or oper ate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
(a) The Bonds are denominated in EUR and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Condi tions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees, and by ac quiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms, that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and (ii) agrees to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Bond is EUR 1,000 (the Nominal Amount). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 15,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met, the Issuer may, at one or sev eral occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN (unless rejected by CSD), the interest rate, the nomi nal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 22,500,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 19(e) (Decisions by Bondholders). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 11(a) (Interest), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The minimum permissible investment upon issuance of the Bonds is EUR 100,000.
12 (35)

3 4
5
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
(f) Except as set out in Clause 7 (Transfer restrictions) below, and subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(g) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unse cured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are man datorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(h) As of the First Issue Date, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other materi al relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relat ing to the Issuer or the Bonds.
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Total Proceeds from the Bond Issue shall i l l firstly be applied towards re payment of the Refinancing Debt, (iO secondly towards immediate payment of the Transaction Costs and fiiO thirdly towards the financing of general corpo rate purposes of the Group.
ESCROW ACCOUNT
(a) The disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account to the Issuer (and directly to a party designated by the Issuer for the purpose of the re payment by the Issuer of the Refinancing Debt to the shareholders in respect of the shareholder loans) is subject to the Trustee having re ceived l i l duly executed Terms and Conditions, fii) the fulfilment of the conditions precedent set out in Clause 5(a) below and (iii) the fulfil ment of the payments as set out in Clauses 4(b) and 4(c) below.
(b) Upon certification (in form of a release letter or otherwise) by the Issuer of the amount of Refinancing Debt payable by the Issuer to Etera Mutu al Pension Insurance Company, the Trustee shall instruct the Escrow Account Bank to immediately pay such amount to Etera Mutual Pen sion Insurance Company.
(c) Upon certification (in form of an invoice or a comparable document) by the Sole Bookrunner of the amount of Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to it, the Trustee shall instruct the Escrow Account Bank to im mediately pay such amount to the Sole Bookrunner.
(d) The payment instructions referred to in Clauses 4(b), 4(c) and 5(b) to be delivered by the Trustee to the Escrow Account Bank shall be in writing and duly signed by the Trustee and may be delivered in electronic for mat (such as a pdf-copy attached to an email) subject to that the Trustee shall deliver an original (paper format) version of each payment in struction to the Escrow Account Bank within fourteen (14) days from the date of the respective payment instruction.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
(a) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Trustee, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee (acting reasonably) duly executed copies of:
(i) certificate of registration and articles of association for the Issu er;
13 (35)

EXECUTION COPY

(ii) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Bonds and the terms of the Finance Documents and resolving to enter into such documents and au thorising specified Person(s) to approve and execute any other documents necessary in connection therewith;
(iii) corporate resolutions from each entity providing Transaction Security;
(iv) evidence that the Finance Documents have been duly executed; and
(v) evidence (in form of a release letter and a payment order) that the Refinancing Debt will be repaid on the date of disburse ment.
(b) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 5(a) above have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Trustee (acting rea sonably) and subject to the fulfilment of the payments set out in Clauses 4(b) and 4(c) above, the Trustee shall instruct the Escrow Account Bank to release the first priority created over the Escrow Account in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee) and per mit the Issuer to apply the Net Proceeds in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds) to the extent payments have not been made pursuant to Clauses 4(b) and 4(c) above.

6

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT

The Issuer shall within thirty (30) days from the disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account provide evidence that:

(a) the Transaction Security has been perfected; and

(b) any Security and guarantees granted for the Refinancing Debt have been released.

7

TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

(a) No Bondholder may offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer any Bond except:

(i) to the Issuer;

(ii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, as applicable, of Regulation S under the Securities Act;

(iii) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available);

(iv) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or

(v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securi ties Act,

provided however that in each case a transfer is made in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any other juris diction.

(b) The Issuer makes no representation as to the availability of an exemp tion from registration provided by Rule 144 of the Securities Act.

6931508.11

14 (35)

EXECUTION COPY

8

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

(a) The Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Se curities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and reg ulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.

Ob) Each Bondholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain infor mation on the Bondholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Bonds registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as in formation recorded in the lists referred to in Clauses 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 6 of the Book-Entry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer Agent or the Pay ing Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly ob tain such information and provide it to the Trustee, the Issuer Agent or the Paying Agent, as applicable.

(c) The Trustee, the Issuer Agent and the Paying Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 8(b) (Bonds in Book-Entry Form) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Trustee, the Is suer Agent and the Paying Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in Clause 8(b) (Bonds in Book-Entry Form) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.

(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Trustee or the Paying Agent, as notified by the Trustee or the Paying Agent, in order for such individuals to independently ob tain information directly from the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Is suer may not revoke any such power of attorney given to the Trustee unless directed by the Trustee or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.

(e) The Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuer Agent and the Paying Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 8(b) (Bonds in Book-Entry Form) only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Bonds and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for the before-mentioned purposes.

9

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER

(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights un der the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.

(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third par ties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Docu ments in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to repre sent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.

(c) The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 9(b) (Right to act on behalf of a Bondholder) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or super seded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or is otherwise notified to the Trustee.

6931508.11

15 (35)

10
11
12 12.1 12.2
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS
(a) Any payments under or in respect of the Bonds pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall be made to the person who is registered as a Bondholder at the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date in accordance with the Finnish legislation gov erning the Book-Entry Securities System and book-entry accounts as well as the regulations of the CSD.
(b) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Any such postponement shall not affect the Record Date. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 11(c) (In terest) during such postponement.
(c) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 10 (Payments in respect o f the Bonds), the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
(d) The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.

INTEREST (a)
(b) (c) (d)

Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (and includ ing) the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will carry Interest at the Interest Rate from (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date.
Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in re spect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date.
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount due under these Terms and Condi tions, the Issuer shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate cor responding to the Interest Rate plus 2.00 per cent., from (and includ ing) the date such payment was due up to (but excluding) the date of ac tual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No de fault interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributa ble to the Trustee, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS
Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Outstand ing Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Redemption Date is not a CSD Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the CSD Business Day determined by application of the Business Day Con vention.

Repurchase of Bonds
The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds provided that if such purchase is made through a public offer, possibility to tender must be made to all Bondholders. Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.

16 (35)

12.3
12.4 12.5
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY

Voluntary total redemption
(a) The Issuer may redeem the Bonds in whole, but not in part, on any CSD Business Day from and including:
(i) the First Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equivalent to the Make Whole Amount, together with ac crued but unpaid interest;
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the date falling twentyfour (24) months after the First Issue Date at a price equivalent to 103.375 per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, to gether with accrued but unpaid interest;
(iii) the date falling twenty-four (24) months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling thirty (30) months af ter the First Issue Date at a price equivalent to 102.231 per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest; and
(iv) the date falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date at a price equiva lent to 101.350 per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest.

(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 12.3(a) (Voluntary total re demption) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Trustee and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuer Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.

Equity Clawback (a) (b)
(c)

The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35% of the total Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Out standing Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata.
The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days of such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggre gate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of and in connection with such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Eq uity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event).
The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Out standing Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1.00)
plus
(i) a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in Clause 12.3(a) (Voluntary total redemption) above for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in Clause I2.3(a)(ii) (Voluntary total redemption) above; and

(ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.

Change of Control Put Option
(a) Should a Change of Control occur, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (Change of Control Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 101 per cent, of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (plus accrued and

17 (35)

12.6 13
14 14.1
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY

unpaid interest) by giving the Issuer notice of its intention to invoke its Change of Control Put Option during a period of sixty (60) days follow ing the notice of a Change of Control (the Exercise Period), being e.g. receipt of an offer or signing of a sale and purchase agreement in re spect of the shares of the Issuer.
(b) The settlement date of the Change of Control Put Option shall occur within twenty (20) Business Days after the expiry of the Exercise Peri od.

General

The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 12 (Redemption and repurchase of the Bonds), the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 12 (Redemption and repur chase o f the Bonds) by virtue of the conflict.

TRANSACTION SECURITY
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Se cured Obligations, the Transaction Security shall be granted to the Se cured Parties as represented by the Trustee.
(b) The Trustee shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Transaction Security Documents. The Is suer shall enter into the Transaction Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Transaction Security Documents not later than thirty (30) days after the First Issue Date.
(c) Unless and until the Trustee has received instructions from the Bond holders in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Trustee shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
(d) The Trustee shall be entitled to release all Transaction Security upon the discharge in full of the Secured Obligations.

INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS
Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer shall:
(i) prepare and deliver to the Trustee the annual audited consoli dated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;
(ii) prepare and deliver to the Trustee the quarterly interim unau dited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly inter im unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board

18 (35)

14.2 14-3

EXECUTION COPY
of directors not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period; and
(iii) arrange for that the latest version of the Terms and Conditions to be available for delivery from the Trustee.
(b) The reports referred to under I4.i(a)(i)-(ii) (Informationfrom the Issu er) shall be prepared in accordance with the applicable Accounting Principles.
(c) The Issuer shall:
(i) in connection with the making of any Restricted Payment or the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness for which the In currence Test is required to be met; and
(ii) at the Trustee's request, within twenty (20) days from such a re quest,
issue a Compliance Certificate to the Trustee.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee when the Issuer is or be comes aware of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control, or (ii) that an Event of Default has occurred, and shall provide the Trustee with such further information as the Trustee may request (acting reasonably) fol lowing receipt of such notice.
(e) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Trustee according to this Clause 14.1 (Information from the Issuer) if informing the Trustee would not conflict with any applicable laws.
(f) The Issuer shall, subject to the regulations of the CSD and applicable laws, be entitled to obtain information of the Bondholders from the CSD and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information to the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, subject to the regulations of the CSD and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from the CSD a list of the Bondholders, provided that it is technically possible for the CSD to maintain such a list.
Information from the Trustee
The Trustee is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders the reports and the Terms and Conditions referred to under Clause 14.i(a)(i)-(iii) (Information from the Issuer) as well as any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may if it con siders it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
Publication of Finance Documents and reports
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any docu ment amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available for re view on the website of the Trustee and during normal business hours at the office of the Trustee.
(b) The latest versions of the other Finance Documents and the reports re ferred to under Clause I4.i(a)(i)-(ii) (Information from the Issuer) above shall be available for review at the office of the Trustee during normal business hours.

6931508.11

19 (35)

15 15.1 15.2
15.3 15.4 15.5 15.6
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY

GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
General
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that each other Group Company will) comply with the undertakings set out in this Clause 15 (General Undertakings) for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

Distributions (a)

Distributions: The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidi ary will, (11 pay any dividend on its shares (other than dividends and group contributions to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer), fii) re purchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay any Share holder Loans or other subordinated loans or capitalized or accrued in terest thereunder, or (v) make any other similar distribution or trans fers of value (other than a Permitted Share Issue) to the direct or indi rect shareholder of the Issuer (as applicable), or any Affiliates (other than to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer) (£ii - £y ! each being a Restricted Payment).
Notwithstanding the above, a Restricted Payment may be made by the Issuer, if at the time of the Restricted Payment:
(i) the Incurrence Test is fulfilled; and
(ii) if, at the time of the payment, the aggregate amount of all Re stricted Payments of the Group in any fiscal year (including the Restricted Payment in question) does not exceed 50% of the Group's Adjusted Free Operating Cash Flow for the previous fis cal year.
Notwithstanding the above, payments by the Issuer may be made to fund the purchase of any of departing management's, directors' or em ployees' equity (other than in respect of the Investor) in the Issuer in re spect of departing management, directors or employees provided that (1) all such payments do not exceed in aggregate in any fiscal year EUR 100,000 and O il no Event of Default is continuing or would occur upon the incurrence of such payment(s).

Nature of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general na ture of the business carried on by the Group as of the First Issue Date if such substantial change would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the Subsidiaries have a right to incur Financial Indebtedness that constitutes Permitted Debt.

Restriction on loans out
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, extend any loans which do not constitute Permitted Debt.

Disposal of assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary, sell or otherwise dis pose of shares in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of its or that Sub sidiary's assets, or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out on market terms and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provid

20 (35)

15 .7 15-8 15-9
15-10

EXECUTION COPY

ed that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction and, upon request by the Trustee, provide the Trustee with any information relating to the transaction which the Trustee deems necessary (acting reasonably).

Negative pledge (a)
(b)

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any Security over any of its/their assets (pre sent or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness, provided how ever that the Group Companies have a right to provide, prolong and re new any Permitted Security, and retain, but not prolong or renew, any existing Security in relation to indebtedness held by an entity acquired.
The Investor shall not provide any Security over any of its shares in the Issuer and none of the shareholders of the Issuer shall provide any Se curity over any Shareholder Loan.

Dealings with related parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms.

Positive pledge (a)
(b)

Subsequent to a Group Company (other than the Issuer) becoming a Material Group Company all the shares in the Material Group Com pany shall be pledged by a first priority pledge and (ii) a first priority floating charge shall be registered against the movables in the Material Group Company corresponding to at least 200% of the aggregate amount of the Bond Issues in favour of the Secured Parties as repre sented by the Trustee.
There may be certain legal and practical difficulties in obtaining Securi ty from all Material Group Companies in jurisdictions (other than Fin land) in which Material Group Companies are domiciled. The security and extent of its perfection will be determined by the Issuer in coopera tion with the Financial Advisor to the Issuer taking into account the cost to the Group of providing Security so as to ensure that it is proportion ate to the benefit accruing to the Secured Parties.

Sanctions

The Issuer shall not (and the Issuer shall ensure that no member of the Group will) directly or, to the best of its knowledge and belief, indirectly, contribute or otherwise make available the proceeds of any Bond Issue to any person or enti ty (whether or not related to any member of the Group) for the purpose of fi nancing the activities of any person or entity which, at the time of such financ ing, is listed on any Sanctions List or which is otherwise a designated target of the Sanctions or using the proceeds for the purposes of carrying out business operations that are subject to Sanctions, to the extent such contribution or pro vision would result in the Issuer or any member of the Group being in a breach of any Sanctions applicable to the Issuer or such member of the Group.
Sanctions means:
(a) United Nations sanctions imposed pursuant to any United Nations Se curity Council Resolution;
(b) U.S. sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S Department of Treas ury (OFAC);

6931508.11

21 (35)

16 16.1 16.2
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
(c) EU restrictive measures implemented pursuant to any EU Council or Commission Regulation or Decision adopted pursuant to a Common Position in furtherance of the EU's Common Foreign and Security Poli cy;
(d) UK sanctions implemented, administered or enforced by Her Majesty's Treasury (HMT);
(e) economic sanctions, embargoes or other restrictive measures adminis tered, enacted or enforced by the Finnish Government; and
(f) any other economic sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, adminis tered or enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority (as recog nised and implemented by Finnish Government),
together the Sanctions Authorities.
Sanctions List means the "Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Per sons" list maintained by OFAC, the "Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets" maintained by HMT, or any similar list maintained by, or public an nouncement of Sanctions designation made by, any of the Sanctions Authori ties.
FINANCIAL COVENANTS
Incurrence Test
In these Terms and Conditions, the Incurrence Test is met if:
(a) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt (less the Permitted Advance Pay ment Instruments) to EBITDA is not greater than 2.50;
(b) the Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than 3.00; and
(c) no Event of Default is continuing or would occur upon the incurrence of a Restricted Payment or the new Financial Indebtedness (as applicable).
Testing of Incurrence Test
(a) The calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one (1) month prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness, or making of a Restricted Payment, as applicable. The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the Restricted Payment or the new Fi nancial Indebtedness (as applicable) provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness or the Restricted Payment (as applica ble) shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt). EBITDA shall be calculated as set out in Clause 16.3 (Calculation Adjustments).
(b) When the Interest Coverage Ratio is measured under the Incurrence Test, as applicable, the calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Reference Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report.
(c) When the Incurrence Test is made for the purpose of determining whether a Restricted Payment may be made by the Issuer, the Incur rence Test shall be calculated on a pro forma basis including the rele vant Restricted Payment.
(d) When the Incurrence Test is made for the purpose of determining whether the Issuer may incur the new Financial Indebtedness, the In currence Test shall be calculated on a pro forma basis including the new Financial Indebtedness.
(e) All calculations under the Incurrence Test shall be made in accordance with the applicable Accounting Principles.
22 (35)

16.3
17 17.1 17.2

EXECUTION COPY
Calculation Adjustments
(a) The figures for EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Reference Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:
(i) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Refer ence Period, or after the end of the Reference Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as ap plicable), pro forma, for the entire Reference Period; and
(ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Refer ence Period.
(b) Net Interest Bearing Debt. The figures for Net Interest Bearing Debt set out in the Financial Report as of the most recent quarter date (including when necessary, financial statements published before the First Issue Date), shall be used, but adjusted so that Net Interest Bearing Debt for such period shall be:
(i) reduced to reflect any Net Interest Bearing Debt attributable to a disposed entity or which has been repaid, repurchased or oth erwise discharged as a result of or in connection with a disposal of an entity (to the extent such Net Interest Bearing Debt is in cluded in the relevant financial statements);
(ii) increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the Net Interest Bearing Debt directly attributable to (i) any Financial Indebtedness owed by acquired entities, and (ii) any Financial Indebtedness incurred to finance the acquisition of entities, in each case calculated as if all such debt had been incurred at the beginning of the relevant test period; and
(iii) increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the Net Interest Bearing Debt directly attributable to any Financial In debtedness incurred under any Subsequent Bonds, calculated as if such debt had been incurred at the beginning of the relevant Reference Period.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATIONOF THE BONDS
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 17 (Events of Default and Acceleration o f the Bonds) (other than Clause 17.10 (Acceleration of the Bonds) is an Event of Default.
Non-payment
The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless the non-payment:
(a) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(b) is remedied within five (5) Business Days of the due date.
Other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with anyprovision under the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out in Clause 17.1 (Non-Payment), provided that the Trustee has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within fifteen (15) Business Days from such request (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Trustee may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request).

6931508.11

23 (35)

17-3 17.4 175
17.6 17.7 17.8

EXECUTION COPY

Cross-acceleration
Any Financial Indebtedness of a Material Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Clause 17.3 (Cross-Acceleration) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebt edness declared to be or otherwise becoming due and payable is less than EUR 1,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company.

Insolvency (a)
(b)

Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negoti ations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to re scheduling its Financial Indebtedness;
a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company.

Insolvency proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than f i l proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (iil. in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (in Finnish yrityssaneeraus) (by way of voluntary agreement, corporate restructuring scheme of arrangement or other wise) of any Material Group Company; and
(b) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous proce dure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

Mergers and demergers
A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be demerged or merged, if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not the surviv ing entity, shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged.

Creditors' process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding EUR 1,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) days.

Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfill or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under these Terms and Conditions are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforce able.

6931508.11

24 (35)

17.9 17.10
18

EXECUTION COPY
Continuation of the business
The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee is en titled to, on behalf of the Bondholders by notice to the Issuer, de clare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Trustee determines (but such date may not fall after the Final Redemption Date), and fii~) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) If the Bondholders (in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) in struct the Trustee to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as, in the opinion of the Trustee, may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the rel evant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(c) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(d) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 17 (Events o f Default and acceleration of the Bonds), the Issuer shall before the First Call Date redeem all Bonds with an amount equal to the amount set forth in Clause i2.3(a)(ii) (Voluntary Total Redemp tion) and thereafter as applicable according to Clause 12.3 (Voluntary total redemption) considering when the acceleration occurs.
ALLOCATION OF PROCEEDS
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Doc uments following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 17 (Events o f Default and acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Trustee:
(i) first, in or towards payment of the Trustee under the Agency Agreement, including all costs and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds or the protection of the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents;
(ii) secondly, towards payment of accrued Interest unpaid under the Bonds;
(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment of principal under the Bonds; and
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment of any other costs or outstand ing amounts unpaid under the Bonds.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with para graphs (i)-(iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) Funds that the Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transac tion Security constitute escrow funds and must be held on a separate in terest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other in terested parties. The Trustee shall arrange for payments of such funds

6931508.11

25 (35)

19
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
in accordance with this Clause 18 (Allocation o f Proceeds) as soon as reasonably practicable.
DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
(a) A request by the Trustee for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Trustee) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Proce dure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) repre senting at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondhold er on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the re quest is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several Bondhold ers, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Trus tee and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Pro cedure, as determined by the Trustee. The person requesting the deci sion may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Trus tee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bond holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Trustee may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or in stigating a Written Procedure if £ 0 the suggested decision must be ap proved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Trustee that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attor ney pursuant to Clause 9 (Right to act on behalfo f a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i) at the Record Date prior on the CSD Business Day of the Bond holders' Meeting, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(ii) at the Record Date on the CSD Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 21(c) (Written Procedure), in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
(e) The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders repre senting at least 66 2/3 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the in structions given pursuant to Clause 21(c) (Written Procedure):
(i) waive of a breach of, or an amendment of, any undertaking set out in Clause 15 (General Undertakings);
(ii) a release of Security provided under the Transaction Security Documents except in accordance with the terms of the Transac tion Security Documents;
(iii) a reduce of the principal amount, the Interest Rate or the inter est amount which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(iv) an amendment of any payment day for principal or an Interest Payment Date or waive any breach of a payment undertaking; or
(v) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Bond holders' consent set out in this Clause 19 (Decisions by Bond holders).
26 (35)

6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
(f) Any matter not covered by Clause 19(e) (Decisions by Bondholders) above shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bond holders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21(c) (Written Procedure) below.
(g) Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least twen ty (20) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(i) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised repre sentatives); or
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(h) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 20(a)) (Bondholders' Meeting) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 21(a)) (Written Procedure) below, as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum require ment in Clause 19(g) (Decisions by Bondholders) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(i) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Trustee's consent, as applicable.
(j) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as induce ment to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for re plies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
Q) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(m) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the best knowledge of the Is suer) its Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly regis tered as owner of such Bonds. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company.
27(35)

20 21
6931508. n

EXECUTION COPY
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bond holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
(a) The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after re ceipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Bond holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20(a) (Bondholders' Meet ing) above with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Bond holders pursuant to Clause 23.4(c) (Replacement o f the Trustee), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such re quest (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or adminis trative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20(a) (Bondholders' Meeting).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 20(a) (Bondholders' Meeting) shall in clude £il time for the meeting, fii) place for the meeting, (iiD agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondhold ers), (iv) a specification of the CSD Business Day at the end of which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to ex ercise voting rights at the meeting, and fv ) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved up on at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bond holders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Busi ness Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Trustee may deem appropri ate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
(a) The Trustee shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bond holder^) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or ad ministrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may send a communi cation in accordance with Clause 21(a) (Written Procedure) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Trustee.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 21(a) (Written Procedure) shall include f i i each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a de scription of the reasons for each request, (iiD a specification of the CSD Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and di rections on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and f v j the stipulated time period within
28 (35)

22
23 23.1
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 21(a)) (Written Procedure). If the voting shall be made electron ically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communica tion.
(d) When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 19(e) (Decisions by Bondholders) and 19(f) (Decisions by Bondholders) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 19(e) (Decisions by Bondholders) or Clause 19(f) (Decisions by Bond holders), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
(a) The Issuer and the Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Fi nance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Bond holders).
(b) The Trustee shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 22(a) (Amendments and Waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Doc uments are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 14.3 (Publica tion o f Finance Documents and reports). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
(c) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Trustee, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE
Appointment of the Trustee
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder, and, by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Bondholder appoint:
(i) the Trustee to act as its agent and representative in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and author ises the Trustee to act on its behalf (without first having to ob tain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceed ings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder and to exer cise such rights, powers, authorities and discretions as are spe cifically delegated to the Trustee by these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents together with all such rights, powers, authorities and discretions as are incidental thereto; and
(ii) agrees to and accepts that, upon the Trustee delivering an accel eration notice in accordance with Clause 17.10 (Acceleration of the Bonds), it will be considered to have irrevocably transferred
29 (35)

23.2
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
to the Trustee all its procedural rights and legal authority to claim and collect any and all receivables under the Bonds, en force any Finance Document and to receive any funds in respect of the Bonds or under the Finance Documents (in Finnish prokurasiirto) as a result of which transfer, the Trustee shall be ir revocably entitled to take all such action in its own name but on behalf of and for the benefit of each Bondholder (at the expense of the Bondholders).
(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is not under any ob ligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such re quest if due to such failure the Trustee is unable to represent such Bondholder.
(c) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exer cising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Docu ments.
(d) The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Docu ments and the Agency Agreement and the Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
Duties of the Trustee
(a) The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Fi nance Documents, and, where relevant, enforce the Transaction Securi ty on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a rea sonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer with its obliga tions under these Terms and Conditions on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents or received from a Bondholder. The Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions.
(d) The Trustee is entitled to take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.
(e) The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional par ties, provided that such professional parties are selected with due care.
(f) The Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursu ant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the inter ests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(g) The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all reasonable costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, or for the
30 (35)

23-3
23-4
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
purpose of investigating or considering £ii an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (iO a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be det rimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Docu ments. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carry ing out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 18 (Allocation ofproceeds').
(h) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(i) If in the Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initia tive, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Trustee may refrain from act ing in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(j) The Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders £il before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it re frains from acting for any reason described in Clause (i) above.
Limited liability for the Trustee
(a) The Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or will ful misconduct. The Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Trustee or if the Trustee has acted with reasona ble care in a situation when the Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
(c) The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequenc es) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Fi nance Documents to be paid by the Trustee to the Bondholders, provid ed that the Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Trustee for that purpose.
(d) The Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Bond holders) or a demand by Bondholders given pursuant to Clause 17.10(b) (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
(e) Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Trustee in act ing under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Trustee
(a) Subject to Clause 23.4(f) (Replacement o f the Trustee) below, the Trus tee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in
31(35)

24
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY
which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Trustee at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Trustee or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Trustee.
(b) Subject to Clause 23.4(f) (Replacement of the Trustee) below, if the Trustee is Insolvent, the Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Trustee with immediate effect and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor agent which shall be an independent financial insti tution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(c) A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such no tice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is re ceived by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Trustee and appointing a new Trustee. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Writ ten Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Trus tee be dismissed and a new Trustee appointed.
(d) If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Trustee within nine ty (90) days after £Q the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a suc cessor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issu ances.
(e) The retiring Trustee shall, at its own cost, make available to the succes sor Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of per forming its functions as Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Trustee and acceptance by such successor Trustee of such appointment and the execution of all necessary docu mentation to effectively substitute the retiring Trustee.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Trustee shall be dis charged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Docu ments but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obli gations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Trustee.
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Trustee in accordance with this Clause 23.4 (Replacement of the Trustee), the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Trustee the rights, pow ers and obligation of the Trustee and releasing the retiring Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUER AGENT AND THE PAY ING AGENT
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuer Agent and the Paying Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in ac cordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
32 (35)

25 26 27
6931508.11

EXECUTION COPY

(b) The Issuer Agent and the Paying Agent may retire from their respective assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuer Agent at the same time as the old Issuer Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuer Agent or the Paying Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuer Agent or Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Issuer Agent or Paying Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Fi nance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (in Finnish yrityssaneeraus) or bankruptcy (in Finnish konkurssi) (or its equiva lent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the lia bilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
(b) Clause 25(a) (No Direct Actions by Bondholders) shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but is legally unable to take such actions.

PRESCRIPTION (a)
(b)

The right to receive payment of the principal of or interest on the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the date on which such payment became due.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Finnish Act on Limitations (728/2003, as amended, in Finnish laki velan vanhentumisesta), a new limitation period of at least three (3) years will commence.

NOTICES (a)

Subject to Clause 27(d) (Notices), any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(i) if to the Trustee, shall be given at the address registered with the Finnish Trade Register on the Business Day prior to dispatch;
(ii) if to the Issuer Agent, to the following address:
OP Corporate Bank pic Att. Yhtiotapahtumat Gebhardinaukio 1 00510 Helsinki, Finland

(iii) if to the Issuer, to the following address:
Secto Automotive Group Oy Att. CFO Nasintie 27 06100 Porvoo, Finland

(iv) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as regis tered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Bondholders.
(b) Any notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee.
(c) Any notice or other communication made by one person to another un der or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way

33 (35)

EXECUTION COPY

of courier, personal delivery, e-mail or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the ad dress specified in Clause 27(a) (Notices) or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope ad dressed to the address specified in Clause 27(a) (Notices), or, in the case of e-mail, when received in readable form.
(d) If an Event of Default is continuing, any notice or other communication made by the Trustee to the Issuer under or in connection with the Fi nance Documents may, provided that the Trustee deems it necessary in order to preserve the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Docu ments, be sent by email and will be effective on the Business Day of dis patch, when received in readable form (unless a delivery failure mes sage was received by the Trustee), save that any notice or other com munication sent by email that is sent after 5.00 pm in the place of re ceipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the following Busi ness Day. Any notice or other communication to be sent by e-mail by the Trustee to the Issuer in accordance with Clause 27(c) (Notices) above shall be sent to the email addresses most recently notified by the Issuer in writing to the Trustee.

28

TAXATION

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connec tion with the Bond Issues, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

29

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations aris ing out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and con strued in accordance with the laws of Finland.

(b) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Terms and Conditions, or the breach, termination or validity thereof, shall be finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Central Chamber of Commerce of Finland. The number of arbitra tors shall be one (1). The seat of arbitration shall be Helsinki, Finland. The language of the arbitration shall be English.

(c) Clauses 29 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) (a) and (b) above shall not limit the right of the Trustee (or the Bondholders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

[Signature page to follow]

6931508.11

34 (35)

EXECUTION COPY We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon our selves. Place: Helsinki, Finland Date: O December 2016
For and behalf of Secto Automotive Group Oy as Issuer
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Helsinki, Finland Date: December 2016
Nordic Trustee Oy as Trustee
By: Sami Miettinen
C£-0

6931508.11

36 (36)

