Execution version
ISIN NO NOOO10764178
BOND AGREEMENT Between
General Exploration Partners, Inc. (Issuer)
ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. (Ultimate Parent) And
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 11.5 per cent General Exploration Partners, Inc. Super Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2016/2018
Dated 1 May 2016
I

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 INTERPRETATION

3

2 THE BONDS

12

3 LISTING

13

4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

13

5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

13

6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

13

7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

17

8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

20

9 INTEREST

20

10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

21

11 PAYMENTS

22

12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

24

13 COVENANTS

24

14 FEES AND EXPENSES

31

15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT

32

16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

34

17 THE BOND TRUSTEE

37

18 MISCELLANEOUS

40

<V 2

This agreement has been entered into on

May 2016 between

(1) General Exploration Partners, Inc. (an exempted company existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registration number 198520) as issuer (the "Issuer"),

(2)

ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. (incorporated in British Columbia Canada with

incorporation number BC0778647 and listed on TSX Venture Exchange (Toronto)

and NASDAQ OMX First North (Stockholm)) (the "Ultimate P arent"), and

(3) Nordic Trustee ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Amendment Agreement" means the amendment to the Existing Bond Agreement dated 19 April 2016 and entered into between the Issuer, the Ultimate Parent and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Existing Bondholders) being attached as Attachment 1.
"Assignment of G roup Loans" means an assignment by way o f security from a Group Company as a lender of all its rights to and title and interest, whether present or future, under any Group Loans to the Issuer, the Parent or ShaMaran Services SA as borrower, in favour of the Bondholders and the Existing Bondholders represented by the Bond Trustee. The assignment agreement to be applied is enclosed to this Agreement as Attachment 2.
"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment o f the Issuer's insurances (other than any third party liability insurances).
"Atrush Block" means the contract area as defined in the Atrush PSC covering an area of 269 km2 and located approximately 85 km northwest of Erbil, the capital of the Kurdistan Region o f Iraq.
"Atrush PSC" means the production sharing contract between the Issuer and the Kurdistan Regional Government of Iraq under which the Issuer holds a 26.8% working interest in the Production Sharing Contract in respect of the Atmsh Block until such time that the Kurdistan Regional Government ("KRG") has completed the exercise of its right to acquire up to a 25.0% interest (upon which the working interest of the Issuer would be reduced to 20.1%), being named "Production Sharing Contract, Atrush Block, Kurdistan Region between The Kurdistan Regional Government of Iraq and General Exploration Partners, Inc." and dated 10 November 2007, with "First Amendment" dated 1 August 2010, "TPI Assignment, Novation, and Second Amendment Agreement" dated 20 October 2010 and "Assignment, Novation, and Third Amendment Agreement" dated 31 December 2012.

3

"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Book Equity" means (i) in respect of a Debt Incurrence Event; the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS, as set out in the then most recent financial statements (annual or quarterly (as the case may be)) of the Ultimate Parent, and (ii) in respect of a Transaction Incurrence Event, the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) o f the Other Entity's total consolidated equity in accordance with IFRS, as set out in its then most recent financial statement (annual or quarterly (as the case may be)).
"Book Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement (being the Bonds issued in the first tranche, any PIK Bonds issued and any Bonds issued in a Tap Issue).
"Borrowing Limit" means USD 50,000,000 being the maximum principal amount o f Bonds permitted under this Bond Agreement (thus limiting the total of Bonds issued in the first tranche, PIK Bonds and Bonds issued upon a Tap Issue but not applying to cash interest and costs payable under the Finance Documents). The Borrowing Limit shall be reduced correspondingly in case o f redemption of Bonds (no right o f re-borrowing).
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal, as the case may be, will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Calculation Date" means 30 June and 31 December each year.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means:
(i) If persons or entities related to the Lundin family cease to own directly or indirectly 19.50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital o f the Ultimate Parent, save for dilutions resulting directly from mergers or acquisition activities and exercise of incentive options; or
4

(ii) a group or entity acquiring control over more than 50.00% of the voting share capital in the Ultimate Parent; or
(iii) a de-listing o f the Ultimate Parent's shares from a stock exchange.
"Debt Incurrence Test" is defined in Clause 13.6.
"Debt Incurrence Test Event" means the incurrence of any Financial Indebtedness in the Group, other than as permitted under 13.4 (d) ("Financial indebtedness restrictions") as well as all other internal loans within the Group not involving the Issuer.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result o f an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number o f voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Encumbrances" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Escrow Account" means an account with the Paying Agent (denominated in USD) and established in the name of the Issuer (in its capacity as issuer of the Bonds) to be blocked and pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under Norwegian law, as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee acting on behalf of the Bondholders over the Issuer's claim against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account, where the account bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Existing Bonds" means the USD 150 million secured bonds issued by the Issuer with ISIN NOOO10692882, on the terms of the Existing Bond Agreement.
"Existing Bond Agreement" means the bond loan agreement dated 11 November 2013 regarding the Existing Bonds, as amended and restated from time to time.
"Existing Bondholders" means the holders of the Existing Bonds from time to time.
5

"Existing Bond Finance Documents" means (i) the Existing Bond Agreement, (ii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iii) the Guarantees, (v) the Intercreditor Agreement and (vi) any other document identified as a finance document under the Existing Bond Agreement, and (v) any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee agree in writing to be an Existing Bond Finance Document.

"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the fee agreements) between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) the Guarantees, (v) the Intercreditor Agreement, and (vi) any other document which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee agree in writing to be a Finance Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(c)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of

bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(e)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they

are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale

or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated and unconsolidated annual financial statements of the Ultimate Parent and the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and the Management Discussion and Analysis prepared by management.

"Floating Charge" means a Cayman Islands law first priority floating charge over receivables, bank accounts, intercompany claims, insurance policies and other

6

movable assets o f the Issuer, in favour of the Bond Trustee acting on behalf of the Bondholders and the Existing Bondholders.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer or the applicable Group Company is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"G roup" means the Ultimate Parent and all its Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Ultimate Parent or any o f its Subsidiaries.

"Group Loans" means any loan or loan stock made or, as the context may require, made available by any Group Company to the Issuer or to the Parent or ShaMaran Services. Group Loans shall not have any amortization or maturity date prior to the Maturity Date other than provided for in this Bond Agreement, be folly subordinated to the rights of the Bondholders and Existing Bondholders by way of the Intercreditor Agreement and include no right for the creditor to accelerate for as long as the Bonds or Existing Bonds are outstanding. The Group Loans shall not pay any cash interests prior to the Maturity Date. The Group Loans outstanding on or prior to settlement date are set out in Attachment 3.

"Guarantees" means unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantees on a joint and several basis from each and all o f the Guarantors, securing the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents and the Existing Bond Finance Documents, including interest, costs and expenses.

"G uarantors" means each of the following entities:

-

the Ultimate Parent;

-

0861963 B.C. Ltd (incorporation number BC0861963), incorporated in

British Columbia in Canada, being 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent;

-

ShaMaran Petroleum Holdings Coöperatief U.A. (trade register number

34361104), incoiporated in the Netherlands, being owned 1% by 0861963

B.C. Ltd and 99% by the Ultimate Parent; and

-

the Parent.

"Intercompany Claim" means any monetary claims o f any Group Company against an Obligor.

"Intercreditor Agreement" means an agreement dated on or about the date hereof, between the Obligors, the Bond Trustee acting as bond trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the Existing Bondholders , respectively, and as joint security agent for the Bondholders and the Existing Bondholders and any Group Company holding an Intercompany Claim, being attached as Attachment 6.

"Interest Payment D ate" means 13 May and 13 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

7

"Interest Amount" is defined in Clause 9.5.

"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated and unconsolidated quarterly financial statements of the Ultimate Parent and the unaudited unconsolidated semi annual financial statements o f Issuer for the semi-annual periods ending on 30 June and 31 December each year, drawn up according to IFRS.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.

3 "Issue Date" means

May 2016.

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.

"Issuer Share Pledge" means a first priority pledge by the Parent over 100.00% of the shares in the Issuer, in favour of the Bond Trustee acting on behalf of the Bondholders and the Existing Bondholders, together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.

"JOA " means the Joint Operating Agreement between the Issuer and partners in the Atrush PSC named: "First Amendment to Joint Operating Agreement" dated 31 December 2012.

"M anager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AS.

"M andatory Prepayment Event" means any of the following events:

(a) the Issuer reduces its ownership in the Atrush PSC below 20.10%;

(b) the Ultimate Parent ceases to indirectly own 100.00% o f the shares in the Issuer or if the Parent ceases to directly own 100.00% o f the shares in the Issuer;

(c) the Issuer invests in any assets or enter into any other activities other than solely related to the Atrush Block; or

(d) an Event of Default occurs.

"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:

(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Group taken as a whole;

(b) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or

(c)

the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the Project

Documents.

8

"M aturity D ate" means 13 November 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"O ther Entity" is defined in Clause 13.6.
"O utstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arent" means ShaMaran Ventures B.V. (trade register number 50558234), incorporated in the Netherlands, being 100% owned by ShaMaran Petroleum Holdings CoQperatief U.A.
"P arty" means a signatory party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means DNB Bank ASA, the bank appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment D ate" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"PIK Bonds" is defined in Clause 9.6.
"Project Documents" means the Atrush PSC and the JOA.
"Reporting Date" means the date falling 60 calendar days after each corresponding Calculation Date.
"Sanctions" means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by any Sanctions Authority.
"Sanctions A uthority" means (i) the United States, (ii) the United Nations Security Council, (iii) the European Union, (iv) the United Kingdom or (v) the respective governmental institutions of any of the foregoing including, without limitation, Her Majesty's Treasury, the Office o f Foreign Assets Control o f the US Department o f the Treasury, the US Department of Commerce, the US Department of State and any other agency of the US government.
"Sanctioned C ountry" means any country or other territory subject to a general export, import, financial or investment embargo under any Sanctions, which, as of today include Cuba, North Korea, North Sudan and Syria.
"Sanctions List" means any o f the lists of specifically designated or sanctioned nationals, individuals or entities (or equivalent) issued by any Sanctions Authority, each as amended, supplemented or substituted from time to time.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
9

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security Interests" means:

(a) the Escrow Account Pledge;

(b) the Floating Charge;

(c) the Assignment of Insurances;

(d) the Issuer Share Pledge;

(e) the Assignment of Group Loans;

(f)

the ShaMaran Services Share Pledge; and

(g) the Guarantees,

where the Security Interests in letters (b) to (g) shall secure the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents and to the Existing Bondholders under the Existing Bond Finance Documents jointly, but with first rank for the Bondholders as further provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"ShaM aran Services" means Shamaran Services S.A., a Swiss company owned 100% by ShaMaran Petroleum B.V. which is 100% indirectly owned by the Ultimate Parent.

"ShaM aran Services Share Pledge" means a pledge over 100% of the shares in ShaMaran Services.

"Stam data" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Tap Issue" means any subsequent issue of Bonds under this Bond Agreement after the Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.

"Targeted Party" means any individual or entity or vessel that is: (i) listed on, or owned or controlled by a person listed on, a Sanctions List, (ii) a government of a Sanctioned Country, (iii) an agency or instrumentality of, or an entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled by, a government of a Sanctioned Country, (iv)

10

resident or located in, operating from, or incorporated under the laws of, a Sanctioned Country or (v) to the best knowledge o f the Issuer (acting with due care and enquiry), otherwise a target of Sanctions.

"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's or the Other Entity's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS, as set out in the then most recent financial statements (annual or quarterly (as the case may be)) of the Ultimate Parent or the Other Entity

"Transaction Incurrence Test Event" means that any member of the Group (other than the Issuer, which is not permitted to do so) enters into an agreement to make any acquisitions, merger or any other transactions involving an Other Entity being consolidated into the Group's accounts.

"Total Loss" means an event where the Atrush PSC is revoked, rescinded, terminated, cancelled or otherwise cannot be enforced in accordance with its terms.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

11

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement

2.1.1 By virtue o f being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of the Borrowing Limit. The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount o f USD 17,000,000 (U.S. Dollar Seventeen Million).

The Face Value is USD 1.00. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as " 11.5 per cent General Exploration Partners, Inc. Super Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2016/2018".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO N00010764178.

The tenor of the Bonds in the first tranche is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds (net o f legal costs, fees of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall exclusively be employed to:

(i) hind the Issuer's share of costs related to the financing, development and operation of the Atrush Block; and

(ii) cover technical, management and administrative services within the Group, limited to USD 6 million per annum.

2.4 Tap Issues

2.4.1 The Issuer may issue additional bonds up to the Borrowing Limit at its discretion without seeking further approval from the Bondholders or the Existing Bondholders.

2.4.2

Bonds issued as part of a Tap Issue shall carry the same ISIN and be issued on the basis of the same Bond Agreement as the Bonds. The rights and obligations of all Parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for the Tap Issues. No Tap Issue shall be permitted if the Bonds have been fully repaid.

12

2.4.3 Tap Issue(s) shall be offered on a pro-rata basis to Bondholders at the time of such Tap Issue(s) with minimum 2 weeks' notice by the Issuer inter alia through Stamdata and VPS, and preferential right for Bondholders to subscribe. Bonds not subscribed by Bondholders in such Tap Issue may be allocated to other subscribers.

3

Listing

The Bonds shall not be listed on any securities exchange or other regulated market.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository. Principal and interest accrued will be credited to the bondholders through the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transferof Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Pre-Settlement
Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) the Intercreditor Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(c) the Amendment Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

13

(d) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions o f the Issuer to issue the Bonds and to execute the Bond Agreement, the Amendment Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge;

(e) necessary corporate resolutions of the Guarantors and any creditor of Intercompany Claims, to execute the Intercreditor Agreement;

(f)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their

execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant

register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation

to execute the relevant Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(g) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association o f the Issuer;;

(h) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(i)

confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default has

occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds;

(j)

signed but undated resignation letters and authority to date such letters from

the directors/board members o f the Issuer (at the settlement date) upon an

Event of Default;

(k) an irrevocable undertaking from the Parent to immediately appoint new directors/board members in the Issuer upon further instruction from the Bond Trustee upon an Event of Default;

(l)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond

Issue;

(m) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(n) the fee agreements set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(o) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(p) any statements or legal opinions from counsel in Canada, the Netherlands, the Cayman Islands, Switzerland and Norway, reasonably required by the Bond Trustee, in respect of the Finance Documents referred to in clause 6.1, (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor thereunder and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Escrow Account Pledge);

14

(q) a copy of the Project Documents as well as satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Project Documents are executed and signed by all relevant parties; and

(r)

letters of appointment and acceptance by the Issuer and any other Obligor's

process agent (as applicable);

(s)

the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties and perfected

(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the

account bank, to the extent required or advisable under the relevant

applicable law).

The conditions set out in this Clause 6.1, items (e), (f) and (g) shall apply to all Obligors.

6.2 Pre-initial Disbursement

Any disbursement of the net proceeds of the first tranche of the Bonds from the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the disbursement:

(a) A duly executed release notice from the Issuer, in the form attached as Attachment 5;

(b) relevant cash calls from the operator of the Atrush PSC or invoices for fees for technical, management and administrative services, together with any additional documentation reasonably required by the Bond Trustee to verify that the amount to be released will be used in accordance with Clause 2.3;

(c) confirmation from the Issuer that no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(d) a certificate from a director of the Issuer confirming that immediately after the first release from the Escrow Account, the Group has no other Financial Indebtedness other than the Existing Bonds, Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents or the Project Documents or in the ordinary course o f business;

(e) satisfactory documentation evidencing that, prior to the dettlement date, all the issued capital of the Issuer is in the form o f fully paid in equity;

(f)

necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer, the Guarantors, and

ShaMaran Petroleum B.V to execute the Security Documents;

(g) the Security Documents being executed and perfected;

(h) any statements or legal opinions from counsel in Canada, the Netherlands, the Cayman Islands, Switzerland and Norway, reasonably required by the Bond Trustee with respect to the validity, enforceability and perfection of the Security Interests under the Security Documents;

15

(i)

any other Finance Documents in acceptable form and are executed;

(j)

any other document or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

6.3 Pre Tap Issues

(a) Disbursement of the net proceeds o f any Tap Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the settlement date for such Tap Issue:

(b) certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions o f the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer,

(d) original or certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association o f the Issuer;

(e) copies o f the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Tap Issue;

(g) confirmation from the Issuer that the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1, are still valid, or updates of such documents to the Bond Trustee;

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds under the Tap Issue have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee

(including any capacity corporate opinions for die Issuer and opinions

related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance

Documents);

(j)

confirmation from the Issuer that no actual or potential Event of Default has

occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of

the Bonds;

(k) any other document or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

6.4 Prior to each disbursement from the Escrow Account after the initial disbursement (including disbursement of net proceeds of any Tap Issue), the Bond Trustee shall receive the following documents:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer, in the form attached as Attachment 5;

16

(b) relevant cash calls from the operator of the Atrush PSC or invoices for fees for technical, management and administrative services, together with any additional documentation reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including copies of the relevant technical, management and administrative services agreements, at the Bond Trustee's sole discretion) to verify that the amount to be released will be used in accordance with Clause 2.3, and

(c) confirmation from the Issuer that no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

6.5 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clauses 6.1 to 6.4. Waiver of Clauses 6.2 (b) and 6.4 (b) requires the consent of a majority of the votes cast in a Bondholders' meeting.

6.6 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent in Clause 6.1 are fulfilled.

6.7 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.6, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
7.1.1.1 Status
It is an exempted company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.1.1.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.1.1.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.1.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and

17

will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.1.1.5 No Event o fDefault

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice, the making o f any determination or any combination o f any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.1.6 Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

7.1.1.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best o f its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it.

7.1.1.8 Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represents the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. For the sake of clarity, any eventual restatement of the Financial Statements and/or Interim Accounts for 2014 onwards on the basis of the matters described in the advance notice from the Financial Supervisory Authority o f Norway ("FSAM) of 30 March 2016 shall not qualify as an Event of Default, provided that such restated Financial Statements and/or Interim Accounts have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and comply with the covenants set out in Clause 13 of this agreement as at the date when such restated Financial Statements and Interim Accounts are provided

18

7.1.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.1.1.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.1.1.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
7.1.1.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
7.1.1.13 Security No Security exists over any o f the present assets o f any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.1.1.14 The Project Documents The Project Documents are in full force and effect and generally capable o f being performed. None o f the covenants or obligations in the Bond Agreement would breach any of the Project Documents and there are no defaults by the Issuer under the Project Documents.
7.1.1.15 AtrushPSC There are no circumstances outstanding that allow or may allow other parties to repurchase the Issuer's interests in the Atrush PSC, with the exception of a reduction in working interest of the Issuer in the Atrush Block to 20.1 % due to the exercise by the KRG of their right under the Atrush PSC to an interest in the Atrush Block up to 25%.
7.1.1.16 No Targeted Parties or Sanctions Neither the Issuer nor its respective directors or officers, or to the Issuers' best knowledge (after due and careful inquiry), any member of the Group or the Group's employees, affiliates, agents or representatives (i) is a Targeted Party, (ii) has been engaged in any transaction, activity or conduct that could reasonably be expected to result in its being designated as a Targeted Party; anchor (iii) has received notice of, or is otherwise aware of, any claim, action, suit, proceedings or investigation involving it with respect to Sanctions.
19

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date, on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account, at the date of any issue o f PIK Bonds and at the date of any Tap Issue.

$

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations o f the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of any subordinated capital.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests. The Security Interest shall, subject to applicable law only, rank on a first priority basis, and it may not be assigned, mortgaged or pledged to any other party, provided that the Security Interest other than the Escrow Account Pledge shall be shared with the Existing Bonds and constitute a joint security where the Bonds shall have first rank and the Existing Bonds shall have second rank as further provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement.

8.3 The Issuer shall, prior to any Group Loan being established, ensure that an Assignment o f Group Loans and the Intercreditor Agreement are executed by the relevant Group Companies.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from the first tranche from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 11.5 per cent (11.5%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate"). Interest for any Tap Issues shall accrue from the settlement date for the relevant Tap Issue.
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 13 November 2016.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number o f days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis o f a year o f 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day o f a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).
9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond (the "Interest Amount") for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

20

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x Fixed Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

9.6 The Issuer shall at its sole discretion on each Interest Payment Date either (i) pay the Interest Amount in cash or (ii) add the Interest Amount to the principal o f the Bond Issue by issuing Bonds in such principal amount (adjusted down to avoid fractions of Bonds) ("PIK Bonds"). PIK Bonds shall be issued on the relevant Interest Payment Date and will accrue interest from and including such Interest Payment Date.

10 M aturity of theBonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1

The Issuer may at any time redeem the Bond Issue (in whole or in parts on a pro rata basis between the Bonds according to the rules of the Securities Depository) (the "Call Option") at a price equal to 100.0% o f par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change o f Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the 60 day exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4 On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond

21

(including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

10.4.1

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall, not later than 30 calendar days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly, redeem 100.0% o f the outstanding Bonds at 100.0% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).

10.4.2

The redemption notice shall be provided no later than 10 business days prior to the redemption date. For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.

10.4.3

Upon a Total Loss, the Issuer shall, on the earlier of (i) the date of receipt of insurance proceeds or (ii) the date occurring 180 days after the date of the Total Loss, redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.4.4 If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory Prepayment clause, the entire amount on the Escrow Account, together with any amounts received under any insurance proceeds may be applied to prepay the Bonds.

11

Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay
11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance
Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee
and the Bondholders.
11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3 In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2

22

above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in USD. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

23

(a)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the

Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment o f any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the

Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any

kind.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds) for the purpose of cancelling such Bonds.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Tmstee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements , and forward such reports to the Bond Trustee as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end o f the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and forward the same to the Bond Trustee as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any

statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in

connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share

capital or equity;

24

(g) up to and including the month the earnings from the Atrush PSC starts to accrue, provide to the Bond Trustee semi-annual updates on the progression o f the development of the Atrush Block under the Atrush PSC, in a reporting form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(h) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(i)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so,

inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any

changes to such rating;

(j)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(k) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute such above-mentioned reports referred to in Clause 13.2.1(c), (d) and (g) to the Bondholders and any other party requesting such report, and the Issuer shall reimburse the Bond Trustee for any reasonable costs incurred therewith.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 4 hereto, signed by a director of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

13.3.1.1 Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13.3.1.2 Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization.

13.3.1.3 De-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split o f the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities.

25

13.3.1.4 Continuation o f business
The Issuer shall remain a single-purpose company owning a working interest in the Atrush Block under the Atrush PSC, and not cease to carry on its business or change the general nature o f its business from that carried on the date hereof.

13.3.1.5 Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its material assets or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in full in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.

13.3.1.6 A rm 's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13.3.1.7 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction o f incorporation.

13.3.1.8 Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply with all laws and regulations of material importance it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.3.1.9 Anti-corruption laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that any Group Company will, comply with all applicable laws and regulation relating to bribery, money laundering and anti corruption matters (including, to the extent applicable, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (15 U.S.C. §§ 78dd-l, et seq.), the UK Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, the UK Money Laundering Regulations 2007, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and the Council of Europe Civil Law Convention on Corruption 1999).

13.3.1.10 Sanctions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company will:

(i)

contribute or otherwise make available all or any part of the Bond proceeds,

directly or indirectly, to, or for the benefit of, any individual or entity

(whether or not related to any member of the Group) for the purpose of

financing the activities or business of, other transactions with, or

investments in, any party which to the best o f the Issuer's knowledge is a

Targeted Party;

(ii) directly or indirectly fund all or part o f any repayment or prepayment of Bonds out of proceeds derived from any transaction with or action which to the best of the Issuer's knowledge involves a Targeted Party; or

(iii) engage in any transaction, activity or conduct that, to the best o f the Issuer's knowledge, would violate Sanctions, that would cause the Bondholders to

26

be in breach of any Sanctions or that could reasonably be expected to result in its or any other member of the Group or the Bondholders being designated as a Targeted Party.

13.3.1.11 Security
The Issuer shall do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that each Security Document remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement), at the expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be).

13.4 Special covenants

13.4.1.1 Obligations related to the Project Documents The Issuer shall:

(i)

At all times honour any and all material obligations related to the Project

Documents in a timely manner. In the event that any such material

obligation related to the Project Documents are not honoured, or if the

Issuer or any Group Company reasonably foresees that it may not be able to

honour any such obligations fully and timely, the Issuer shall immediately

and without any further delay notify the Bond Trustee of such an event; and

(ii) meet all its obligations and enforce any rights under the Project Documents that it has to ensure that the Atrush Block, under the Atrush PSC, to the best of its knowledge at all times is operated and maintained materially in accordance with the Project Documents, including to perform and observe all its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents, take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents.

The Issuer shall not:

(i)

in respect of any Project Documents, with the exception of a reduction in

working interest of the Issuer in the Atrush Block to 20.1% due to the

exercise by the KRG of their right under the Atmsh PSC to an interest in the

Atrush Block up to 25%, (i) transfer by way of assignment (or otherwise)

any of its rights and interests, whether directly or indirectly, under the

Project Documents, (ii) amend, supplement, modify or give any consent

under any Project Document or exercise any material option thereunder,

except for amendments not having any material negative impact on the

value of the Atrush PSC or the Issuer's interest in the Atrush PSC as

contemplated pursuant to the Project Documents, or (iii) agree to the

cancellation or termination of any Project Document or take any legal or

administrative action that seeks to rescind or terminate such Project

Documents, except in the event that it constitutes a substitution of the said

Project Document which is acceptable to the Bond Trustee acting

reasonably, or

27

(ii)

agree to or permit the assignment of any rights of the Issuer under the

Project Documents.

13.4.1.2 Dividends and other distributions

The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase o f shares or make loans or other capital distributions to its shareholders (included but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party) save for an aggregate annual amount limited to USD 6 million to cover technical, management and administrative services within the Group.

13.4.1.3 Constitutional Documents
The Issuer shall not amend its constitutional documents, it being understood that any amendment relating to issuance o f new shares to the Parent in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise will be permitted, provided that such shares are subject to the Issuer Share Pledge or are otherwise secured in favour o f the Bond Trustee.

13.4.1.4 Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than (i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue (including PIK Bonds and Tap Issues) and the Existing Bonds (including PIK Bonds), (ii) currency hedging entered into in the ordinary course of business and limited to a maximum nominal amount of USD 10 million, and (iii) any Group Loans. For the avoidance o f doubt, any refinancing of all (but not part) o f the Bonds where such Financial Indebtedness arises prior to the redemption of the Bonds for the express purpose of, inter alia, redeeming the Bonds in full shall be permitted where refinancing is assured.

13.4.1.5 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its current or future assets or revenues or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any security contemplated by the Finance Documents from time to time and (ii) any Security arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business in connection with the Atrush PSC (including collateral in connection with credit purchases o f goods and services). For the avoidance of doubt, Security provided in connection with a refinancing of all (but not part) of the Bonds where Security must be provided for technical reasons before the Bonds have been redeemed, shall be permitted where refinancing is assured.

13.4.1.6 Security restriction
The Issuer shall not make any other financial or other arrangements concerning any of the Security Interests other than provided for in the Finance Documents.

13.4.1.7 Financial Assistance restrictions
The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any Group Company and/or any third party, except (i) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course o f business, and (ii) guarantees required under the Project Documents.

28

13.4.1.8 Related party transactions
The Issuer shall not engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course o f business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement o f the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
13.4.1.9 New Group Loans
The Issuer shall, prior to any Group Loan being established, ensure that the Assignment of Group Loans is duly executed by the relevant Group Companies and that the relevant Group Companies have acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement.
13.5 Ultimate Parent Covenants
13.5.1 The Ultimate Parent shall:
(a) deliver on its own accord the Financial Statements and quarterly Interim Accounts (on an unconsolidated basis) and for the Group (on a consolidated basis), which shall be made available on the Ultimate Parent's website (in addition to sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon they are available and not later than 180 days after the end o f the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant interim period. Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors);
(b) have its shares remain listed on TSX Venture Exchange and/or NASDAQ OMX First North or another reputable regulated stock exchange;
(c) not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make loans or other capital distributions to its shareholders (included but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party);
(d) not, and procure that no member of the Group shall, enforce and/or accelerate any monetary claim against the Issuer, the Parent or ShaMaran Services without prior written consent of the Bond Trustee and ensure that any monetary claims o f a Group Company against an Obligor are subordinated to the Bondholders' claim in an insolvency pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement;
(e) not, and procure that no member of the Group will, demand any dividend payments or other distributions from the Issuer, other than as allowed by the Bond Agreement;
(f) maintain its 100% indirect control and ownership of the Issuer and ensure that the Parent remains 100% direct ownership and control of the Issuer;
(g) ensure that the Issuer does not sell or dispose of any material assets or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in full in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions;
29

(h) ensure that each Group Company complies with the Issuer's covenants set out in Clause 13.3.1.8 (Compliance with laws), 13.3.1.9 (.Anti-corruption laws) and (j) (Sanctions);

(i) ensure that the Issuer, the Parent and ShaMaran Services do not de-merge, merge or in any other way restructure their business, and that no other Group Company de-merge, merge or in any other way restructure its business if such transaction has a Material Adverse Effect;

(j) (to the extent applicable) perform and observe all of its, and ensure that each Group Company observes all of its, covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it or any Group Company is or becomes a party, to take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and to take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents;

(k) ensure that the Issuer's Board of Directors consists of 2 directors. Upon an Event of Default, the Parent shall take all steps necessary to ensure that the incumbent directors are removed, or shall resign, from office and are replaced by 2 directors to be nominated by the Bond Trustee. In support of such contractual obligation, the Parent shall procure the delivery to the Bond Trustee of (a) signed but undated resignation letters and authority to date such letters from the current directors and any subsequent directors and (b) an irrevocable undertaking to appointing the new directors upon further instruction by the Bond Trustee upon an Event of Default, and

(l) provide an updated overview of its shareholders in excess of 10% on the date of each Bondholder's Meeting and/or upon the request of the Bond Trustee.

13.5.2

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute such above-mentioned reports referred to in Clause 13.5.1(a) to the Bondholders and any other party requesting such report, and the Issuer shall reimburse the Bond Trustee for any reasonable costs incurred therewith.

13.6 Incurrence Tests

Upon the occurrence of a Debt Incurrence Test Event, the Issuer shall make sure that the Group comply with a Book Equity Ratio o f minimum 30 % on a consolidated pro-forma basis for the Group (the "Debt Incurrence Test").
The Group shall be in compliance with the Debt Incurrence Test immediately after the Debt Incurrence Test Event taking place. The Debt Incurrence Test shall be calculated on a pro forma basis.
Furthermore, a Transaction Incurrence Test Event may only occur if the entity or group of entities (an "O ther Entity") being acquired, merged with or in any other way consolidated into the Group has a consolidated Book Equity Ratio of minimum 30% immediately prior to such Transaction Incurrence Test Event taking place.

30

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement(s) between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the call.

31

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

15.1.1.1 Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

15.1.1.2 Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable o f being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.1.3 Breach o f obligations by Obligors
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to any Finance Document binding on such Obligor, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.1.4 Cross default If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event o f default (however described);

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

15.1.1.5 Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

32

15.1.1.6 Insolvency

(i)

Any Obligor is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due,

suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or

anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more

of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness o f any member of the Group.

15.1.1.7 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for the Issuer, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

15.1.1.8 Creditors'process
The Issuer has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

15.1.1.9 Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the terms o f any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.1.10 Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Tmstee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.1.1.11 Inability to make payments
The inability of the Issuer to make any payment under the Project Documents on its original due date (to which no grace period shall apply).

33

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion o f the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction o f the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

34

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders `meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c)

the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

35

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives o f the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders1Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. Bonds owned by the Issuer or any other Group Company shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6

A person (or group o f persons) which directly or indirectly hold or control more than 10 % ownership in the Ultimate Parent (including through derivative structures) shall be restricted from voting for bonds if an Event of Default has occurred and for as long such Event of Default is continuing. Such persons shall in all circumstances be restricted from vetoing any resolutions in Bondholder's Meetings requiring 2/3 majority, provided however that such persons may vote in favour of acceleration or other enforcement actions upon an Event of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, the

36

prohibition in section 16.3.7 against adopting any resolutions which may give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders shall continue to apply.

16.3.7 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

16.3.8

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.9 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3 The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not

37

materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1,3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the Borrowing Limit. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

38

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b)), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and infonnation necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3 If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the

39

relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18

Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o fBondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the

Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this

Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

40

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c)

if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a

replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by

its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the

Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors

of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or

defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile o f the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a)

all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in

Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (i), (j) and (k), or as otherwise

agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;

(c)

any Guarantors) shall be discharged from their obligations under the

Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as

otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such

41

discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e)

all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall

remain folly in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been folly discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all signatory parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities

Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

42

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Tmstee any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c)

if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c)

If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is

postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Tmstee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit o f the Bond Tmstee only. As a result, the Bond Tmstee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Tmstee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

43

18.8 Process Agent
The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act o f process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

By: QRt&O&AJl -Jo/r/w&TOAttT Position: J3 f f t e c . 7 6 ^

Bond Trustee
By: Position:

44

18.8 Process Agent
The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer
By: Position: Ultimate Parent
By: Position:

Bond Trustee
By: Position:

44

Attachment 1

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT

45

Attachment 2

ASSIGNMENT OF GROUP LOANS

46

Attachment 3

GROUP LOANS OUTSTANDING AS AT DECEMBER 31, 2015

ShaMaran Petroleum Corp had no Group Loans outstanding.

ShaMaran Petroleum Holdings Cooperatief UA had no Group Loans outstanding.

ShaMaran Petroleum BV had the following Group Loans outstanding:

·

USD 2,906,730 due from ShaMaran Ventures BV

·

USD 9,529,538 due from General Exploration Partners, Inc.

·

USD 653,933 due to ShaMaran Services SA

ShaMaran Ventures BV had the following Group Loans outstanding:

·

USD 2,906,731 due to ShaMaran Petroleum BV

General Exploration Partners, Inc. had the following Group Loans outstanding:

·

USD 9,529,538 due to ShaMaran Petroleum BV

ShaMaran Services SA had the following Group Loans outstanding:

·

USD 653,933 due from ShaMaran Petroleum BV

47

Attachment 4

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

GENERAL EXPLORATION PARTNERS, INC. BOND AGREEMENT 2016/2018 ISIN N00010764178

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.6, the Book Equity Ratio as of [date] is [XX]%.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

General Exploration Partners, Inc.

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

48

A

(T

Attachment 5

RELEASE NOTICE -ESCROW ACCOUNT

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
Dear Sirs,

[date]

GENERAL EXPLORATION PARTNERS, INC. BOND AGREEMENT 2016/2018 ISIN N00010764178

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, as per details set out in the attached Enclosures, and kindly request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount to our operating bank account at BNP Paribas. Full details of the destination bank account have been provided in Enclosure A..

We confirm that [currency and amount] o f the funds requested to be drawn will be applied to fund the Issuer's share of the costs related to the financing, development and operation of the Atrush Block in accordance with Clause 2.3 (i) of the Bond Agreement and the attached cash calls from the operator o f the Atrush PSC and [currency and amount] of the funds requested to be drawn will be applied to cover technical, management and administrative services within the Group in accordance with Clause 2.3(ii) of the Bond Agreement. After the requested amount has been drawn, we have in [applicable year] drawn [currency and amount] of the total available amount o f USD 6 million pursuant to Clause 2.3(ii) of the Bond Agreement. After the requested amount has been drawn, we have in the year [2016] drawn [currency and amount] of the total available amount of USD 6.0 million pursuant to Clause 2.3(ii) of the Bond Agreement, which leaves [currency and amount] available for the remainder of the current calendar year.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

General Exploration Partners, Inc.

49

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation evidencing the use o ffunds Enclosure A: Detail of Request Amount / Bank Transfer Details [Enclosure B: Atrush Block - [date] Operation Cash call] [Enclosure C: Details Costs, expenses and fees relating to issue o f the Bond]
50

Attachment 6

Intercreditor Agreement

51

