ISINNO 001 036291.6
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Petrojack ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 11.00 per cent Petrojack ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2007/2010

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

5

3 Listing

6

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

6

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

6

6 Conditions Precedent

7

7 Representations and Warranties

8

8 Status of the Loan

9

9 Interest

10

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Prepayment

10

11 Interest in the event of late payment

11

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

12

13 Covenants

12

14 Fees and expenses

15

15 Events of Default

15

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

17

17 Procedural rules

19

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

21

19 Change of Loan Trustee

21

20 Limitation

22

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

22

22 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions

22

2 V
4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 16 April 2007 between Petrojack ASA (Company No 987 358 920) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement as the Loan Trustee through the Bondholders' subscription was granted authority to finalise and execute the Loan Agreement on behalf of the Bondholders.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.
All Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms of this Loan Agreement and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Loan Agreement where by all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required or formalities to be complied with.
1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Assignment of Construction Contracts:

a third priority assignment in each of the Construction Contracts, in the maximum amount of the Loan plus accrued interest and expenses, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), ranking with priority after the Prior Security.

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.

Construction Contracts:

the signed contracts entered into by the Rig Owning Subsidiaries respectively, with the Yard to construct the Rigs, and any related guarantees.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Delivery Date:
Disbursement Date: Escrow Account:
Event of Default: Exchange: Finance Documents: Group: Loan Security:
Maturity Date: Outstanding Loan: Payment Date: Prior Debt: Prior Security:

The time of delivery of the Rigs with all the drilling equipment properly installed, expected to be no later than in January 2008 (for Jurong jack-up no 2) and December 2008 (for Jurong jack-up no 4).
19 April 2007,
accounts) in the name of the Borrower, pledged on first priority as security for the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement and blocked in favour o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account(s) has waived any set-off rights.
means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15,1.
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of the Loan Security.
the Borrower and its subsidiaries (including the Rig Owning Subsidiaries).
(i) the Assignment of Construction Contracts (ii) the Escrow Account pledge (iii) the Rig Mortgage, and (iv) the Share Pledge.
19 April 2010.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.
(i) a USD 200,000,000 bond and (ii) a NOK 500,000,000 bond (equal to approximately USD 282,000,000), (both plus accrued interest and expenses).
(i) the first priority security for Prior Debt (i) and the second priority security for Prior Debt (ii).

4

Norsk TiUHsmann ASA

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Rigs:

(i) the Jurong jack-up No 2 being constructed at the Yard with expected delivery in January 2008 and (ii) the Jurong jack-up No 4 being constructed at the Yard with expected delivery in December 2008.

Rig Mortgage:

cross collateralized third priority security in each of the Rigs in the maximum amount of the Loan (in each of the Rigs), plus expenses and accrued interest, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), with priority only after the Prior Security, plus assignment of appurtenant insurance hereto.

Rig Owning Subsidiaries: the companies owning each of the Rigs, each being a wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered, On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Share Pledge:

third priority pledge in all the Borrowers shares in each of the Rig Owning Subsidiaries in the maximum amount of the Loan, plus expenses and accrued interest, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), with priority only after the Prior Security.

Yard:

Jurong Shipyard Pte.Ltd, Singapore.

2 The Loan
2,1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at a maximum amount of NOK 500,000,000 (Norwegian krone fivehundred million), herein referred to as "the Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as " 11.00 per cent Petrojack ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 036291,6.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.

5

V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be employed for general corporate purposes which may include share investments in other companies within the oil/offshore sector. Proceeds may also be used to service interests.
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs, Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM) or the OTC-list in Oslo at the discretion of the Borrower.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfillment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Loan Trustee, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
6
V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obliged to assess the Borrower's financial position or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in fonn and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and sign the Finance Documents,
(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate o f Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) the agreement according to Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(i) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan, and
(j) evidence for establishment of the pledge over the Escrow Account,.
7

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1 above, the net proceeds of the Loan will at Disbursement Date be transferred to the Escrow Account, and will be released as set out in Clause 8.3.
6.3 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or to which party it is a controlling company;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute to which it is a party, or to which party it is a controlling company (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable security with agreed priority;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or to which party it is a controlling company and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfillment o f any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or to which party it is a controlling company;
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or to which party it is a controlling company;

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or to which party it is a controlling company, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or to which party it is a controlling company;
(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or to which party it is a controlling company rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) no financial indebtedness have been secured in respect of any Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement, other than as set out in this Loan Agreement; and
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with other existing senior debt of the Borrower other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law, and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan (including interest and expenses) shall be secured by the Loan Security, such that:
(i) before the Assignment of Construction Contracts and the Share Pledge, the Loan shall be secured by the pledge in the Escrow Account, and thereafter
9
9

Norsk TiJUtsmann ASA
(ii) before tire first Rig is delivered, the Loan shall be secured by Assignment of Construction Contracts (for both Rigs), and the Share Pledge (for both Rig Owning Subsidiaries),
(iii) when the first Rig is delivered, the Loan shall be secured by the Rig Mortgage in this Rig, and by the assignment of Construction Contracts for the Rig not yet delivered, and the Share Pledge (in both of the Rig Owning Subsidiaries),
(iv) when both Rigs are delivered, the Loan shall be secured by the Rig Mortgage (for both of the Rigs) and the Share Pledge (in both of the Rig Owning Subsidiaries).
A coordination agreement may be entered into between the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and any other lenders with security in the Rigs.
8.3 The amount on the Escrow Account shall be released upon establishment of (i) the Assignment of Construction Contracts (for both of the Rigs), and (ii) the Share Pledge (for both of the Rig Owning Subsidiaries).
Parts of the proceeds on the Escrow Account may be exchanged from NOK to USD and placed on an USD Escrow Account. The provision on Escrow Account shall apply to such Escrow Account and no exchange may take place before the USD Escrow Account is properly pledged.
Any amount on the Escrow Account may at the Borrower's discretion at any time be used to redeem the Bonds according to the Borrower's Call Options as set out in Clause 10.2, or may be used if a Mandatory Repayment takes place according to Clause 10.3.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 11.00 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made in quarterly arrears on 19 January, 19 April, 19 July and 19 October each year, the first interest Payment Date being 19 April 2007.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless a) the last day of the period is the 3 1st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 3Ist day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Prepayment
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).

10

V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option): (i) any time from and including Disbursement Date to, but not included, interest Payment Date in April 2008 at 106.00 % of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, (ii) any time from and including interest Payment Date in April 2008 to, but not included, interest Payment Date in April 2009 at 104.50 % of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, (iii) any time from and including interest Payment Date in April 2009 to, but not included, Maturity Date at 103.00 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
10,3 If one of or both of the Rigs or the Construction Contracts, or any share of such Rigs or Construction Contracts, is sold or disposed of or terminated (in respect of Construction Contracts), or if any or all of the shares in one of or both of the Rig Owning Subsidiaries that is the owner of any of the Rigs are sold, anytime from and including Disbursement Date to Maturity Date ("Mandatory Prepayment Event"), the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the Remaining Loan at. a price corresponding to the call structure in Clause 10.2 (the "Mandatory Prepayment").
The Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of Mandatory Prepayment (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption. If the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall simultaneously be informed.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the bonds.
In the event of Mandatory Prepayment, any amount on the Escrow Account may be used by the Borrower to repay the Loan.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the interest Payment
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold and/or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting no more than 150 days after the end of financial year under 13.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13,
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(h) without undue delay, and no later than 30 days prior to the Mandatory Prepayment, inform the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders and the Exchange (if listed) if a Mandatory Prepayment Event as set out in clause 10.3 above, takes place.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (if necessary) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not, and ensure that the Rig Owning Subsidiaries neither shall,
(i) sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, (ii) change the nature of its business, or (iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,
in a manner which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(for the avoidance of doubt; (i) one or both of the Rigs may be sold or disposed of, or one or both of the Construction Contracts terminated, upon which Mandatory Prepayment pursuant to Clause 10.3 shall take place (and upon which the Rig Mortgage in the Rig(s) sold or disposed of, or the Assignment of Construction Contracts against the Construction Contract(s) terminated, shall be, together with the share pledge in the relevant Rig owning Subsidiary, discharged and/or released in connection therewith), and (ii) if the Borrower is to merge with another company the Bondholders are deemed to have accepted the Loan Security to be satisfactory in accordance with the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Company Act § 13-16 to the extent tire Loan Trustee does not object to the merger as provided for in letter (b) (iii) above),
The Borrower and/or any member of the Group are allowed to sell or dispose o f, without the approval of the Loan Trustee or the Bondholder's meeting, construction contracts and/or rigs and/or any other assets that is not included in the Loan Security,
(c) not, and procure that the Rig Owning Subsidiaries not, make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Rigs which might have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(d) not, and procure that the Rig Owning Subsidiaries not, permit any equal or senior security in the Loan Security except for the Prior Security (or the refinancing of such), save as provided for under this clause 13,
(e) not, and procure that the Rig Owning Subsidiaries not, permit any junior security in the Loan Security entered into on terms, which in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, will jeopardize the Bondholders right under the Loan Agreement,
13

Norsk TiHitsniajin ASA
(f) not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions or loans to its shareholder(s),
(g) provide for, and procure that the Rig Owning Subsidiaries provide for, reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Rigs (when the Borrower or the Rig Owning Subsidiaries have title to the Rigs),
(h) not pennit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member o f the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member o f the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
(j) not, and procure that no member of the Group not, during the term of the Loan, create or permit to be created any mortgage, pledge, or any other form for security upon any present or future assets of any member of the Group or issue any guarantees, without the written consent of the Loan Trustee or Bondholders' Meeting (if necessary). This provision shall, however, not prevent the Borrower or any member of the Group from:
(i) in connection with trading of securities and other financial instruments, to provide the usual securities required for the settlement of such trades,
(li) providing normal vendors lien on delivery of goods and services on credit, (iii) subsisting and refinancing security pledges on assets of companies acquired
by or merged with the Borrower (where the Borrower is the acquiring party) given that collateral is not established as part of the acquisition, and that the obligation secured by the collateral is not extended in any way either as part of the acquisition proceedings or later. (iv) granting guarantees in connection with ordinary business transactions related to the Rigs.
Notwithstanding the above, the Borrower (and any member of the Group) is allowed to pledge/mortgage the Rigs and assets/escrow account related to the Rigs as described in the loan agreement for the Prior Debt) or any refinancing of the Prior Debt at a later stage. However, such refinancing of the Prior Debt shall only be secured by assets that are directly related to the Rigs and on normal bank terms,
(k) not, and procure that no member of the Group not, during the term of the Loan raise any other new financial indebtedness during the term of the Loan other then the Prior Debt or any refinancing of the Prior Debt at a later stage. (New financial indebtedness shall be defined as the book value of such debt (according to IFRS). For the avoidance of doubt, intra group debt is allowed, and guarantees in connection with ordinary business transactions related to the Rigs are not under any circumstances included as financial indebtedness. As debt included in financial indebtedness as o f 31.12.06 is for instance the Prior Debt For the avoidance of doubt, and with reference to i.a. (j) above, debt in companies acquired by or merged with the Borrower (where the Borrower is the acquiring party) at the time of the acquisition or merger shall not be regarded as new financial debt provided such debt is not extended in any way either as part of the acquisition/merger or later. In addition, the Borrower and its subsidiaries shall be allowed to refinance debt which is not new financial indebtedness.
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14,1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence nf any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 7 - seven Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member of the Group, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total o f NOK 25 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default by any member of the Group (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default by any member of the Group (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness of due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default by any member of the Group (however described),
(d) if, for any member of the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts due to inability to pay or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension of payments due to inability to pay, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any member of the Group or any of its material assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its material assets,
16

Norsk TiiUtsmann ASA
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf o f any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made,
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of tire Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan, The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
i 5.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the tenns of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change o f Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16,2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfillment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfillment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders snail be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also advice that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written objection against the proposal, and such objection is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request for a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders ' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days prior to the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and advice that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
19

Norsk THIitsmann ASA
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the attendance and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be pchared by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be chared by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Furthermore, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the votings, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof o f ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds have no voting rights and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case o f doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change o f bondholders' representative,
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfillment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not achieved, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman of the meeting, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting resulting in changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower and/or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall propose a new loan trustee to the Bondholders'meeting. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.

21

V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as representative for the Bondholders' until a new represnetative has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of this temporary representative shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the fonner Loan Trustee if the change is duties of the Loan Trustee's duties under this Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the Loan Trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate and give the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary its activities related to its follow-ups of the conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation 20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act
relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18. 21 Dispute resolution and legal venue 21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not
resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts. 21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
22.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S, investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
22.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Oslo, 16 April 2007

Petrojack ASA Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

23

