ISIN NO 001 680069
BOND AGREEMENT between
Volstad Shipping AS (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Volstad Shipping AS Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018
#4049573/1

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. INTERPRETATION...............................

2

2. THE BO N DS........................................................................................................10

3. LISTING................................................................. .......................................... 11

4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY......................................................... 11

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS...................................................................... 11

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT....................................................................................... 11

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES........................................................................12

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY......................................................................14

9. INTEREST...........................................................

14

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.............................................................. 15

11. PAYMENTS.........................................................................................................17

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS.............................................................................18

13. COVENANTS.......................................................................................................18

14. FEES AND EXPENSES............................................................................................. 24

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT............................................................................................ 25

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING...................................................................................... 27

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE............................................................................................. 30

18. MISCELLANEOUS................................................................................................. 32

#4049573/1

1 (41)

This agreement has been entered into on 29 May 2013 between

(1)

VOLSTAD SHIPPING AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 986 357 157 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Accounts" means the Escrow Account and the Debt Service Reserve Account.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Assignment of Insurances" means a Second Priority assignment in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) of any insurance related to the Vessels.

"Attachment" means the attachments and schedules to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Book Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP, as illustrated in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements (or, if more recent, the latest semi-annual financial reports) of the Issuer.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.

"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).

Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

#4049573/1

2 (41)

"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, the amounts (expressed in NOK or NOK equivalent) on such date of the then current market value of:

(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and

(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank,

in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which is available to any such Group Company. Any amount standing to the credit of any pledged earnings and/or debt service accounts of the Group shall be regarded as Cash and Cash Equivalents as long as no Event of Default (as defined below) has occurred under any finance documents relating to any such encumbrance. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:

(i) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a minimum "A " credit rating from SStP or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or

(ii) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.

"Change of Control Event" means (i) any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), save for Eivind Volstad (born 10.01.1960), any of his heirs and/or entities majority owned and controlled by him and/or any of his heirs, becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 % of the outstanding shares and/or the voting capital of the Issuer.

"Charter" means any time- and/or bareboat charter and/or other contract of employment in respect of any of the Vessels entered or to be entered into between the Issuer and the relevant contracting party from time to time, however limited to any charter with a total contract period of no less than 12 months, exclusive of options.

"Debt Service Reserve Account" means a NOK account opened and maintained in the name of the Issuer with SpareBank 1 SMN or another bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee, which shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), pursuant to the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge, in which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Debt Service Reserve Account.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the

ownership of shares or interests in another person:

,

(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
jf
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of I that other person.

#4049573/1

3 (41)

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Disbursement Date" means the date when all condition precedents set out in Schedule 3 Part I and Part II have been fulfilled, and when the cash proceeds from the Bond Issue are released from the Escrow Account.
"DVB/SMN Facility" means an USD denominated senior term loan facility up to the amount of USD 41,500,000 and a NOK denominated senior guarantee facility up to the amount of NOK 113,750,000, relating to the Vessels, to be entered into between the Issuer and a syndicate led by DVB Bank SE Nordic Branch and SpareBank 1 SMN (and as amended from time to time).
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, opened and maintained with Sparebank 1 SMN or another bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Excess Value" means the difference (positive or negative) between the book value of the Group Vessels and any Fishing Licenses in the most recent financial statements (annually or semi-annually as the case may be) and their Market Value on the date of such accounts.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Nordic Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, (v) the Inter-Creditor Agreement, and (vi) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;

#4049573/1

4 (41)

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Fishing Licenses" means any fishing license(s) relating to a Group Fishing Vessel.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
To the extent that the Issuer elects or is required to conform its periodical financial reports with the requirements of the IAS/IFRS regulations and such guidelines and standards as shall be recommended from time to time by the International Accounting Standards Board, or if there have been made any material changes to IFRS or Norwegian GAAP or the interpretation of such accounting principles, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee will conduct a review of the impact thereof on the Issuer's consolidated financial statements. Amendments shall be made to the financial covenants (if necessary) in order to enable the Bond Trustee to apply thereunder the same financial tests as set forth in Clause 13.5 as the Bond Trustee would have been able to do had the Issuer continued to prepare its consolidated financial statements in accordance with otherwise applicable Norwegian accounting principles. The Bond Trustee may ask any well reputed accountancy firm or investment bank to assist in the determination and may rely solely on such determination without a duty to examine the merits of the determination.

#4049573/1

5 (41)

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Group Fishing Vessels" means any vessel owned (directly or indirectly) by a Group Company having a Fishing License.
"Group Vessels" means any vessel owned (directly or indirectly) by a Group Company.
"Insurances" means the Hull and Machinery insurance, the Hull Interest insurance, the Freight Interest insurance, the PStl insurance, the War Risk insurance, the Mortgagee's Interest insurance and the Mortgagee Additional Peril insurance.
"Inter-Creditor Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into between the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the agents (on behalf of the Senior Lenders) under the Senior Facilities, and the hedging counterparties, relating to the allocation of rights, priorities and procedures relating to the Security to the extent shared with the Senior Lenders.
"Interest Payment Date" means last day of February, 30 May, 30 August and 30 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June each year, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 30 May 2013, when the cash proceeds from the Bond Issue are transferred to the Escrow Account.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, being SpareBank 1 Markets AS, Olav V's gate 5, NO 0161 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Redemption Event" means (i) if any of the Vessels are sold or disposed of, other than by way of transfer by the Issuer of the ownership of one or more of the Vessels to one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Issuer upon approval of such transfer by the Bondholders' meeting, and (ii) a Total Loss Event.
"Margin" means six per cent. (6.00 %) per annum.
"Market Adjusted Equity" means the Book Equity, adjusted for Excess Value.
"Market Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Market Adjusted Equity to Market Adjusted Total Assets.
"Market Adjusted Total Assets" means the Total Assets, adjusted for any Excess Value.

#4049573/1

6 (41)

'Market Value" means:

(i)

in respect of the Vessels or the Group Vessels (other than any Group Fishing

Vessels) (as relevant) the aggregate fair market value thereof in NOK determined

as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations thereof, on the basis of a sale

for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as

between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any

existing charters or other contracts for employment, obtained from two

independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the

relevant market, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee, and

(ii) in respect of any Group Fishing Vessels and Fishing Licenses the aggregate fair market value thereof determined in NOK from an independent valuation thereof, on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, regardless of ownership, obtained from one independent and wellreputed sale and purchase broker familiar with the relevant market, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee.

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's or any other security providers ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.

"Maturity Date" means 30 May 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate nominal value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged or owned by the Issuer.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.

#4049573/1

7(41)

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Princess DVB/Eksportfinans Facility" means an existing NOK denominated loan facility, dated 26 May 2008 related to Princess with Eksportfinans ASA as lender and the Issuer as borrower, with NOK 135,333,333 outstanding at Issue Date, secured by a guarantee facility dated 14 June 2012 with DVB Bank SE Nordic Branch as guarantor (and as amended from "Second Priority" means the Security that shall rank after the security granted as security for the Senior Facilities, however always subject to the Senior Facilities Cap and the InterCreditor Agreement.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Vessel Mortgage;
(b) the Assignment of Insurances;
(c) the Escrow Account Pledge; and
(d) the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge.
"Senior Facilities" means the Princess DVB/Eksportfinans Facility, the Supplier DVB/Eksportfinans Facility and the DVB/SMN Facility together with any interest and/or currency instruments entered into in connection therewith, all senior secured crosscollateralised loan facilities provided by the Senior Lenders to partly finance the Vessels.
"Senior Facilities Cap" means the aggregate of the principal amounts outstanding at Issue Date of the Princess DVB/Eksportfinans Facility, the Supplier DVB/Eksportfinans Facility and the DVB/SMN Facility, excluding interest, default interest, costs, expenses and interest and/or currency instrument liabilities related to said facilities.
"Senior Lenders" means DVB Bank SE Nordic Branch, SpareBank 1 Midt-Norge, Eksportfinans ASA and/or Eksportkreditt Norge AS, and other counterparties, and/or any successors or assignees under any of the Senior Facilities and/or any lenders refinancing any of the Senior Facilities.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

#4049573/1

8 (41)

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Supplier DVB/Eksportfinans Facility" means an existing NOK denominated loan facility, dated 24 October 2007 related to Supplier with Eksportfinans ASA as lender and the Issuer as borrower, with NOK 113,750,000 outstanding at Issue Date, secured by a new guarantee facility with DVB Bank SE Nordic Branch as guarantor as included in the DVB/SMN Facility (and as amended from time to time).

"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets which are treated as assets in accordance with GAAP, as illustrated in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements or the latest semi-annual financial reports (as the case may be).

"Total Loss Event" means if there is an actual or constructive total loss of any of the Vessels.

"Vessels" means:

(a) Volstad Supplier ("Supplier"), the PSV vessel registered under Norwegian flag (NOR) with IMO number 9363778 and call signal LNZN and with the Issuer as owner;

(b) Volstad Princess ("Princess"), the PSV vessel registered under Norwegian flag (NOR) with IMO number 9390549 and call signal LADV and with the Issuer as owner; and

(c) Seabed Prince ("Prince"), the Subsea vessel registered under Norwegian flag (NIS) with IMO number 9489651 and call signal LARF7 and with the Issuer as owner.

"Vessel Manager" means the Issuer.

"Vessel Mortgage" means a Second Priority mortgage in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Vessels (cross-collateralised), including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessels under applicable law.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Working Capital" means the aggregated book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's current assets less current liabilities in accordance with GAAP, as illustrated in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements or the latest semi annual financial reports (as the case may be).

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

#4049573/1

9 (41)

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. 2.1 2.1.1

THE BONDS
Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2

The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of NOK 275,000,000 (Norwegian kroner Two Hundred Seventy-Five Million).

The Face Value is NOK 100,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Volstad Shipping AS Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0680069.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied as follows:

(i) approximately NOK 390,000,000 to refinance, together with the proceeds from the Senior Facilities, certain existing bank debt which is secured, inter alia, by mortgages in the Vessels;

(ii) NOK 6,000,000 to fund the Debt Service Reserve Account; and

(iii) the remaining amount of NOK 229,000,000 to be applied for general corporate purposes of the Issuer.

#4049573/1

10 (41)

3.

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic Alternative Bond

Market ("ABM ").

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond

Trustee having received the documents in Schedule 3 Part I (Conditions Precedent to Issue

Date) and Part II (Conditions Precedent to Disbursement), in form and substance

satisfactory to it.

6.2

The documents in Schedule 3 Part I (Conditions Precedent to Issue Date) shall be delivered

prior to and at the latest on the Issue Date.

6.3

The documents in Schedule 3 Part II (Conditions Precedent to Disbursement) shall be

delivered prior to and at the latest on the Disbursement Date. The Vessel Mortgage and the

Assignment of Insurances shall be established and perfected no later than in connection

with the transfer of the net proceeds from the Escrow Account.

6.4

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for

documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

#4049573/1

1

11 (41)

<L

6.5

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written

notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been

controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.6

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to

Clause 6.5, the Manager shall transfer the proceeds (net of fees, legal costs and any other

agreed costs and expenses) from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.7

On the Disbursement Date, the Bond Trustee shall release the net proceeds from the

Escrow Account to the Issuer. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be applied by

the Issuer in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization).

6.8

In the event that the documents set out in Schedule 3 Part II (Conditions Precedent to

Disbursement) are not delivered or are not satisfactory to the Bond Trustee for any reason

within the first Interest Payment Date, the Bonds Issue shall be immediately repaid at

101.00 % at par value plus accrued interest thereon. For the avoidance of doubt, any

amount of the Escrow Account shall be returned to the Bondholders.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a private limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event of Default

#4049573/1

12 (41)

(i) Ho Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(i) No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
(k) No withholdings

#4049573/1

13 (41)

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date

of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and the

Disbursement Date.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall, subject to

the Inter-Creditor Agreement, rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the

Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or

other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured on

a Second Priority (save for the Escrow Account Pledge and the Debt Service Reserve

Account Pledge) by the Security Interest.

8.3

The Bond Trustee shall, if required by the end-user of any of the Vessels, issue a quiet

enjoyment letter on customary terms and in form and substance acceptable to the Bond

Trustee (acting reasonably), whereby the relevant end-user is granted the continued

peaceful and quiet use and possession of the relevant Vessel as long as the end-user fully

performs its obligations under the relevant employment contract.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date falling in August 2013.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but

excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation

of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of

days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.5

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by

the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the

#4049573/1

14 (41)

relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Floating

Rate

x

Floating Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100.00 %) by the Issuer.

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (all or nothing) as follows (Call Option), from and including:
(a) the Interest Payment Date falling in May 2016, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in May 2017 at 104.00 % of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and

(b) the Interest Payment Date falling in May 2017, but not including, the Maturity Date at 102.00 % of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems the Bonds (a "Put Option") held by the Bondholder at a price of 101.00 % of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

#4049573/1

15 (41)

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the sixty (60) days exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 10.4.1

Mandatory Redemption
Upon a Mandatory Redemption Event occurring, the Issuer shall (i) no later than on the closing date in respect of the relevant transaction constituting the relevant Mandatory Redemption Event, but (ii) in case of a Total Loss Event, on or about the day the relevant insurance proceeds are paid out, but in no event later than 180 days after the occurrence of the Total Loss Event, redeem:

(i) 40.00 % of the Outstanding Bonds if related to one Vessel;

(ii) NOK 110 million (i.e. 40.00 % of NOK 275 million) if related to a second Vessel;

(iii) the remaining Outstanding Bonds if related to the third Vessel;

(iv) 80.00 % of the Outstanding Bonds if related to two Vessels being sold; and

(v) 100.00 % of the Outstanding Bonds if related to all three Vessels being sold.

10.4.2

Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, other than a Total Loss Event as set out in Clause 10.4.4, the Outstanding Bonds shall be redeemed at the following price if occurring:

(i) anytime from the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in May 2015, at a price equal to 108.00 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(ii) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in May 2015 to , but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in May 2016, at a price equal to 106.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iii) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date falling in May 2016 to , but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in May 2017, at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and
(iv) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date falling in May 2017 to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

#4049573/1

16 (41)

10.4.3

For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Redemption Event occurred and not on the date the repayment is carried out.

10.4.4 Upon a Total Loss Event, the Outstanding Bonds shall be redeemed at par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

10.4.5 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are

#4049573/1

17 (41)

denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4

Set-off and counterclaims The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.6

Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12.

ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13.

COVENANTS

13.1 13.1.1

General
The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

#4049573/1

18 (41)

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements on both a consolidated basis and an unconsolidated basis (for the Group) and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than sixty (60) days after the end of the relevant semi-annual period;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

#4049573/1

19 (41)

13.3

General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation of business

The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Arm 's length transactions
The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any other Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time
(g) Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

#4049573/1

20 (41)

(h) Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material respects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.4

Special covenants (a) Maintenance of ownership

The Issuer shall remain the sole and direct owner of the Vessels (subject to the Mandatory Redemption provisions in Clause 10.4), provided, however, that the Issuer may transfer the ownership of one or more of the Vessels to one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Issuer upon approval by the Bondholders' Meeting.

(b) Dividends and other distributions

The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (including, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders exceeding 50.00 % of the Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year. Any un-utilized portion of the permitted distribution may not be carried forward. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set out in Clause 13.5 immediately after declaration of and distribution of any such dividends.

(c) Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of the Vessels, their earnings and insurances or enter into arrangements having a similar effect with any party except for:

(i) any security granted as Security for the Finance Documents;

(ii) any security granted as Security for the Senior Facilities;

(iii) any lien or security arising by operation of law;

(iv) any ship repairer's or outfitter's possessory lien in respect of the Vessels;

(v) any lien on the Vessels for master's, officer's or crew's wages outstanding in the ordinary course of its trading which are not overdue;

(vi) any lien on the Vessels for salvage;

(vii) any contractor or subcontractor's possessory lien; and

(viii) any netting or set-off arrangement in the ordinary course of its banking and/or hedging arrangements.

(d) Financial assistance

#4049573/1

21 (41)

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting security) to or on behalf of any third party not being a member of the Group, except for (i) financial assistance made or allowed to subsist in its ordinary course of business, and (ii) financial assistance as part of customary long term financing of current and future vessels of the Group.

(e) Maintenance of Accounts

The Issuer shall open and maintain the Accounts in the name of the Issuer with Sparebank 1 SMN or another bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(f) Transfers to the Debt Service Reserve Account

The Issuer shall ensure transfers of funds to the Debt Service Reserve Account as follows:

(i) at the Disbursement Date, NOK 6,000,000 (equal to approximately the amount of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date); and

(ii) commencing from the Issue Date and on a monthly basis, 1/3 of the amount of interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date.

The deposited amounts shall only be released for interest payments as they fall due. The transfer of funds under (ii) for the interest payment payable on the last Interest Payment Date shall be adjusted for the amount under (i). For the avoidance of doubt, the amount under (i) shall only be released for the interest payment to be made at the Maturity Date.

(S) Amortisation of the Senior Facilities

The total amount of Senior Facilities secured by the Vessels shall be limited by the Senior Facilities Cap. The maximum principal amount outstanding under the Senior Facilities shall decrease as amortizations are made under the Senior Facilities. The Senior Facilities shall be amortised by a minimum amount for each year as follows:

(i) during and for 2013, a minimum of NOK 23 million;

(ii) during and for 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, minimum NOK 40 million; and

(iii) in 2018, and before the Maturity Date, minimum NOK 17 million.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may not refinance the Senior Facilities with an amount that exceeds the outstanding amount under the Senior Facilities at such time.

13.5

Financial covenants The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bond:

(a) Market Adjusted Equity Ratio

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains a Market Adjusted Equity Ratio of at least:

#4049573/1

22 (41)

(i) 25.00 % during 2013; and (ii) 27.50 % during 2014; and (iii) 30.00 % thereafter.

(b) Working Capital

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains a positive Working Capital.

(c) Cash covenant

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains a Cash and Cash Equivalents position of minimum NOK 25 million.

(d) Asset Cover Ratio

The Market Value of the Vessels shall exceed 120.00 % of the Outstanding Bonds plus the aggregate principal amounts outstanding under the Senior Facilities at all times.

(e) Minimum Vessel Contract Coverage

The remaining contract coverage on the Vessels shall be minimum six (6) months on average (to be calculated as the total number of months remaining under all contracts of employment in respect of the Vessels divided by the number of Vessels).

13.6 13.6.1

Vessel covenants The Vessel covenants shall apply to the Issuer at all times during the term of the Bond Issue and the Issuer shall ensure and procure that: (a) the Vessels maintain their class free of overdue recommendations or notations;

(b) the Bond Trustee shall have the right to inspect the Vessels if requested;

(c) the Vessels maintain their flags, names and registry (however so that the flag and registry of the Vessels may be changed with the Bond Trustee's prior written approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld));

(d) the Vessels are kept in a good and safe condition and maintained and repaired consistently with prudent ownership and good industry standards;

(e) no amendments, supplements, variations or waiver of any material terms of any Charter to be made if any such amendment, supplement, variation or waiver would have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f) the Issuer is in the possession of proper and valid trading certificates and complying in all material respects with all relevant regulations;

(g) the Issuer and the Vessels are in compliance in all material respects with the International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution Preservation (the ISM Code);

#4049573/1

23 (41)

Q

(h) the Vessel Manager is not to be changed without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld);

(i) the Vessels and all relevant equipment are adequately insured with first class insurers in accordance with industry standards for Hull and Machinery, Hull Interest, Freight Interest, P&l and War Risk as well as other industry standard insurances of the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times. The aggregate Hull and Machinery cover for all the Vessels shall be no less than 120.00 % of the aggregate of the outstanding amount under the Bond Agreement and the Senior Facilities. The P&l insurance for pollution liability shall be according to industry standards. The Insurances shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan or similar terms. The Issuer shall keep a Mortgagee's Interest Insurance and Mortgagee Additional Peril Insurance in relation to the Vessels on standard market terms; and

(j) a valuation of the Market Value of the Vessels, in accordance with Clause 13.5(d) (Financial Covenants), shall be made at least semi-annually in connection with the presentation of the Issuer's relevant semi-annual report or upon request by the Trustee. The cost of such valuations shall be for the account of the Issuer (however limited to twice per year).

14.

FEES AND EXPENSES

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

#4049573/1

24 (41)

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

15.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach of other obligations

The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Cross default

If for any Group Company (save for Volstad Crewing AS):

(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

#4049573/1

25 (41)

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvenq/
(i) A Group Company (save for Volstad Crewing AS), is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness;
(ii) The value of the assets of any Group Company (save for Volstad Crewing AS) is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities); or
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Group Company (save for Volstad Crewing AS).
(f) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for any Group Company (save for Volstad Crewing AS), any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) its dissolution,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

#4049573/1

26 (41)

(g) Creditors' process

Any Group Company (save for Volstad Crewing AS) has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

(h) Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i) Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the

#4049573/1

27 (41)

terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

#4049573/1

28 (41)

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

#4049573/1

29 (41)

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1 /2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not

#4049573/1

30 (41)

reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

#4049573/1

31 (41)

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. 18.1

MISCELLANEOUS
The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

#4049573/1

32 (41)

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for nonNorwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

#4049573/1

33 (41)

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditor's rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3

Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

#4049573/1

34 (41)

18.4 18.4.1

Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5

Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

#4049573/1

35 (41)

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

*****

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

SIGNATORIES:

Issuer:

Bond Trustee:

#4049573/1

36 (41)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 1 Compliance Certificate

Fax: + 4 7 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

VOLSTAD SHIPPING AS BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 IX
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement;

4.

in accordance with Clause 13.5(b), theWorking Capital as of [date] is XX;

5.

in accordance with Clause 13.5(c), theCash and Cash Equivalent is NOK XX;

6.

in accordance with Clause 13.5(a), theMarket Adjusted Equity Ratio as of [date] is XX;

7.

in accordance with Clause 13.5(d), theAsset Cover Ratio as of [date] is XX;

8.

in accordance with Clause 13.5(e), the Vessel Contract Coverage as of [date] is XX;

9.

the Market Value of the Vessels as of [date] is XX, see enclosed statement from XX.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

VOLSTAD SHIPPING AS

#4049573/1

37 (41)

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#4049573/1

38 (41)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

SCHEDULE 2 Release Notice - Escrow Account

[date]

Dear Sirs,
VOLSTAD SHIPPING AS BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 IX We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
VOLSTAD SHIPPING AS

Name of authorized person
/ / , a/ ' / / i S & s < i
Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#4049573/1

39 (41)

Cw-

SCHEDULE 3
Part I Condition Precedent to Issue Date
The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall not be transferred to the Escrow Account before the following condition precedents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, have been fulfilled:
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(e) the Issuer's audited unconsolidated and consolidated Financial Statements from 31 December 2012;
(f) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations, consents or waivers (as the case may be) required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;
(i) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(j) the Issuer having confirmed in writing that the representation and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement remain true and accurate, and that no (potential) Event of Default has occurred or is continuing;
(k) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);and
(m) establishment of the Escrow Account and the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank confirming the waiver of any set-off rights and that the account is blocked).

#4049573/1

40 (41)

Part II Condition Precedent to Disbursement
The amount on the Escrow Account shall not be released before the following condition precedents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, have been fulfilled:
(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;
(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue and that the Senior Facilities (as described) have been or will be established according to procedures acceptable to the Trustee;
(c) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Debt Service Reserve Account has been opened;
(d) satisfactory evidence of all relevant Insurances related to the Vessels having been taken out;
(e) necessary corporate documents and corporate resolutions from the Issuer and any other security provider to execute the relevant Security Documents (other than the Escrow Account Pledge);
(f) confirmation in writing from the Issuer that the corporate resolutions referred to in item (b) in Schedule 3 Part I Conditions Precedent to Issue Date remain in full force and effect;
(g) evidence that the Issuer have entered into the DVB/SMN Facility and that the proceeds under the Senior Facilities are made or will be made available to the Issuer according to closing procedures acceptable to the Trustee;
(h) all relevant Security Documents being executed and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that the Security Documents will be executed and perfected in connection and simultaneously with the release of funds according to closing procedures acceptable to the Trustee);
(i) the Issuer having confirmed in writing that the representation and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement remain true and accurate, and no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
(j) the Inter-Creditor Agreement having been duly executed by the parties thereto;
(k) any other Finance Documents being in acceptable form and are executed; and
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents).

#4049573/1

41 (41)

