EXECUTION VERSION ISIN NO 0010741358
BOND AGREEMENT between NBT AS (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 8.5 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2015/2020

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION.............................................................................................3 2. THE BONDS.................................................................................................. 10 3. LISTING....................................................................................................... 11 4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES DEPOSITORY.......................................................... 11 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS....................................................................11 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.................................................................................. 12 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES....................................................................14 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS, SECURITY AND APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS .............................. 17 9. INTEREST..................................................................................................... 18 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION AND REDEMPTION.......................................... 18 11. PAYMENTS.................................................................................................... 20 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS........................................................................ 21 13. COVENANTS.................................................................................................. 21 14. FEES AND EXPENSES........................................................................................ 25 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT....................................................................................... 26 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING................................................................................. 29 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE........................................................................................ 31 18. MISCELLANEOUS............................................................................................ 34

SCHEDULE 1 SCHEDULE 2

2 (40)

This agreement has been entered into on ij; June 2015 between:

(1)

NBT AS a company incorporated in Norway with organisation no. 987 646 977 as issuer (the

"Issuer"), and

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation no. 963 342 624

as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions
Unless defined elsewhere in this Bond Agreement, or the context suggests otherwise, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"2010 Bond Issue" means the 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2015 with ISIN NO 001 0598022.

"Accounts" means any of the Escrow Account or the Debt Service Reserve Account.

"Account Bank" means DNB Bank ASA or any other first class international bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Account Pledges" means the Escrow Account Pledge and the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge.

"Assignment Agreement" means:

(a) a first priority assignment of any intercompany loans granted by the Issuer over its loans to NBT Cyprus; and

(b) a first priority assignment of any intercompany loans granted by NBT Cyprus over its loans to NBT HK.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Schedules to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer, being the Cash Bonds and the Rollover Bonds, until such date notified by the Bond Trustee to the Issuer, whereupon the Rollover Bonds shall be converted to Cash Bonds.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.

3 (40)

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Call Option" means the call option described in Clause 10.2 below.
"Cash Bonds" means the bonds issued by the Issuer with ISIN NO 0010741358.
"Change of Control Event" means a transaction or series of transactions or other circumstance or event by which any person or group under the same Decisive Influence obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Convertible Bond Issue" means the 14 % NBT AS Convertible Bond Issue 2012/2015 with ISIN NO0010659873.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Debt Service Reserve Account" means an account with the Account Bank in the name of the Issuer, to be blocked and pledged in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and in which the Account Bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge" means a 1st priority pledge over the Debt Service Reserve Account (according to Norwegian law) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights or right to elect and remove members of the board of directors in the other person, rights in the other person held directly or indirectly by the parent company of the relevant person shall be included
"Default" means an Event of Default or any event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1 (Events of Default) which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default.
"Escrow Account" means an account with the Account Bank in the name of the Issuer, into which the net cash proceeds for Bonds shall be transferred on the Issue Date. The account shall be pledged on 1st priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.
4 (40)

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the 1st priority pledge over the Escrow Account and any amount credited thereto, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1
"Exchange" means any securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Final Maturity Date" means 30 June 2020 (five years after the Issue Date) or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Finance Documents" means:
(a) this Bond Agreement;
(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.1.2;
(c) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto) and any other documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee;
(d) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement; and
(e) any other document collectively designated as a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;
(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);
(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;
(f) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection agains' benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation curre

or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);
(i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and
(j) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in (a) through (i) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Norway including (if applicable) the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Half-year Date" means each 30 June and 30 December.
"Interest Payment Date" means each 30 March, 30 June, 30 September and 30 December each year and the Final Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 30 June 2015.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Manager" means the Arctic Securities AS, P.O. Box 1833 Vika, 0123 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if any asset subject to Security is sold or in any other way of transaction disposes of for cash during the term of the Bonds.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstances which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial conditions or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under
6 (40)

the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"NBT Cyprus" means NBT Renewable Energy Ltd ( a company incorporated under the laws of Cyprus with registration number HE212205, being a direct Subsidiary of the Issuer.
"NBT HK" means NBT Energy Limited (a company incorporated under the laws of in Hong Kong with company number 1157596), in which NBT Cyprus holds 33.07 % of the shares.
"NBT RES" means NBT Renewable Energy Singapore Pte Ltd (a company incorporated under the laws of Singapore with registration number 201131469K), being a direct Subsidiary of the Issuer.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) the Bond Issue;
(b) the Convertible Bond Issue;
(c) existing secured or unsecured Financial Indebtedness provided by commercial banks, Export Credit Agencies and/or other financial institutions to the Issuer or any other Group Company prior to the date of the Bond agreement for the purpose of financing existing wind assets;
(d) future senior secured or unsecured Financial Indebtedness provided by commercial banks, Export Credit Agencies and/or other financial institutions to the Issuer or any other Group Company on marketable terms and conditions with the purpose of refinancing Permitted Financial Indebtedness referred to in paragraphs (b)or (c) above or financing the acquisition of new renewable energy assets (or acquisition of shares in entities owning one or more renewable energy assets);
(e) Subordinated Loans to the Issuer;
(f) any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part of the ordinary course of business of any Group Company and for non-speculative purposes; and
7 (40)

(g) any Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed NOK 40,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time.
"Permitted Security" means:
(a) Security granted in relation to Permitted Financial Indebtedness paragraphs;
(b) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business;
(c) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer; and
(d) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of the Issuer
"Quarter Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year.
"Reporting Date" means the date falling 90 days after each Quarter Date.
"Rollover Bonds" means the bonds issued by the Issuer with ISIN NO 001 074159.8.
"Schedule" means any schedule to this Bond Agreement.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway
"Securities Depository Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interest" means any Encumbrance or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuer or any other security provider under any Finance Document, including but not limited to:
(a) the Escrow Account Pledges;
(b) the Assignment Agreements;
8 (40)

(c) the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge; and
(d) the Share Pledges.
"Share Pledges" means:
(a) a first priority pledge over 100% of the shares in NBT Renewable Energy Ltd ( a company incorporated under the laws of Cyprus with registration number HE212205), granted by the Issuer;
(b) a first priority pledge over 100% of the shares in NBT Renewable Energy Singapore Pte Ltd (a company incorporated under the laws of Singapore with registration number 201131469K); and
(c) a first priority pledge over 33.07% of the shares in NBT Energy Limited (a company registered in Hong Kong with company number 1157596),
in the case of a) and b) granted by the Issuer, and in the case of c) by NBT Cyprus, all in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), together with (to the extent possible according to applicable law) letters of resignation from present and future directors being effective upon an Event of Default.
"Semi-Annual Financial Reports" means the interim unaudited consolidated and unconsolidated accounts of the Issuer as of each Half-year Date in June, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;
9 (40)

(d) references to atime is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. 2.1 2.1.1

THE BONDS
Binding nature of theBond Agreement By virtue of beingregistered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 2.2.1

The Bond Issue
The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the aggregate amount of the equivalent of NOK 400,000,000, excluding any additional Bonds issued pursuant to Clause 9.2. The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount of NOK 213,751,200.
The Bonds will initially consist of the Cash Bonds and the Rollover Bonds, until such date as notified by the Bond Trustee to the Issuer, upon which time the Rollover Bonds will be converted to Cash Bonds.

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 1 each. The Bonds will rank pari passu between each other.

The Bond Issue will be described as "8.5 per cent. NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2015/2020".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue is N00010741358.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date up to and including the Final Maturity Date.

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date.

10 (40)

2.2.2

The Bond Issue is a Tap Issue, under which subsequent issues may take place after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1, running from the Issue Date and to be closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

2.2.3

All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing of additional Tap Issues make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.

2.3 2.3.1

Purpose and utilization
The net proceeds of the Bonds (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses) shall be used towards:

(a) repayment of the 2010 Bond Issue; and

(b) the general corporate purposes of the Group.

2.3.2 The net proceeds of any subsequent Tap Issue shall be used towards the general corporate purposes of the Group.

3.

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right

to list the Bonds if it so desires.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository in accordance with the Securities Depository Act and the terms and conditions

of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any

changes to any of the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall

receive a copy of any such notification.

4.3

The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities

Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the

agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and

may be pledged.

5.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

11 (40)

business). Each bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(a) Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).

(b) The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

5.3

Notwithstanding the above, a bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction

to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this

Bond Agreement.

6.
6.1
6 . 1.1

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
Conditions Precedent for Issue Date Transfer of the net cash proceeds of the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees set forth in Clause 14.1.2, duly executed;

(c) certified copies of (a) the Certificate of Incorporation and (b) the articles of association of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents (including the Security Documents);

(e) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of such party;

(f) the Issuer's most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(j) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond '

(k) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents/confirmations from the Account Bank).

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.1.

6.1.3

Issuance of the Bonds and transfer of the net proceeds of the first tranche of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent confirming that the conditions precedent in Clause 6.1.1are fulfilled.

6.1.4

On the Issue Date, subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1.1, and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Manager shall transfer the net cash proceeds from the first tranche of the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account, other than an amount equal to the amount required for the purpose set out in Clause 2.3.1(a), which shall be transferred to the Paying Agent.

6.1.5

The Issuer may issue Tap Issues provided that (i) the amount of the aggregate of (x) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (y) the requested amount for such Tap Issue shall not exceed the maximum issue amount (ii) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such Tap Issue, (iii) the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1, are still valid, (iv) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement being true and correct and repeated by the Issuer, and (v) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as of the time of such issue.

6.2 6.2.1

Conditions Precedent for utilisation
The cash proceeds on the Escrow Account may only be utilised (i) in accordance with the purpose of this Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 and for the first payment to the Debt Service Reserve Account in accordance with the provisions of Clause 13.3(k), or (ii) returned to the holders of the Bonds who paid for Bonds in cash at 100 % of par value plus accrued interests in the event that the disbursement for the Escrow Account has not occurred for any reason by within 5 Business Days from the Issue Date.

6.2.2

The Bond Trustee will, subject to the fulfilment of all conditions precedent listed below (other than for the first release from the Escrow Account for the purpose set out in Clause 2.3.1(a), for which only the conditions precedent set out in 6.1.1 will have to be delivered (unless waived by the Bond Trustee in its discretion)) in a form and substance satisfactory to it, release the net proceeds of the Bond Issue not utilised for the purpose set out in Clause 2.3.1(a) from the Escrow Account to the Issuer:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in Schedule 2 hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no Event of Default has occurred, or is likely to occur;

(b) certified copies of (a) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for each company whose shares are pledged pursuant to the Share Pledges evidencing that each such party is validly existing and (b) the Memorandum of Association and Bye-laws for each such company;

(c) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 and for the payment to the Debt Service Reserve Account in accordance with the provisions of Clause 13.3(h);

(d) all Finance Documents (unless delivered under Clause 6.1.1) are in form, scope and substance acceptable to the Bond trustee and are executed, delivered and enforceable;

(e) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Debt Service Reserve Account is opened;

(f) a duly executed deed of release in respect of the release of Security under (i) the share mortgage dated 8 February 2011 entered into by NBT Cyprus and the Bond Trustee in respect of shares in NBT HK; (ii) the share mortgage dated 8 February 2011 entered into by NBT Cyprus and the Bond Trustee in respect of shares in Sanhe Green Energy Hong Kong and (iii) the assignment of loan entered into by NBT Cyprus and the Bond Trustee in respect of the intercompany loan granted by NBT Cyprus to NBT HK;

(g) all Security Documents (other than those mentioned under Clause 6.1.1(k) being executed and perfected in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents;

(h) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents (including the Security Documents);

(i) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;

(j) all legal opinions related to the execution and perfection of the Security Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee; and

(k) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Warrant Agreement has been duly executed and the Warrants validly issued with all necessary corporate resolutions executed.

6.2.3

The conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.2.2 shall be fulfilled as soon as possible and no later than five (5) Business Days after the date of disbursement from the Escrow Account. The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.2.2.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1 Representations and Warranties
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status

The Issuer is a private limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

14 (40)

(b) Power and authority
The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party as well as the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein and upon registration of applicable Security Interests in the public registers of the jurisdictions concerned) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable in order to render said documents enforceable against the Issuer, or in order for any Security Interest created (or to be created) by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) the Issuer's articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No event of default
No Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's
15 (40)

knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements etc.
The most recently audited Financial Statements and the most recent Quarterly Financial Report of the Group fairly and accurately reflect the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities
The Issuer does not have any Financial Indebtedness (other than Financial Indebtedness established pursuant to the Finance Documents). Further, as of the date of the most recently audited Financial Statements, the Group had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments, which were not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Group (including the Issuer) that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information
All financial information provided to the subscribers of Bonds and/or to the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represents the latest available financial information concerning the Group, and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.
(l) Environmental compliance
The Issuer is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation, and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property
The Issuer has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets, rights and interests.
(n) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
( o ) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

7.2 7.2.1

Repetition
The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on the date of release from the Escrow Account as set out in Clause 6.2.

7.2.2

The Bond Trustee may prior to the Issue Date and prior to any release from the Escrow Account require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.

7.3
8.
8.1
8.1.1

Misrepresentation In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of any reliance on the representations and warranties provided herein.
STATUS OF THE BONDS, SECURITY AND APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS
Ranking and priority The Bonds shall constitute senior debt, secured on first priority in the Security Documents, and shall otherwise rank at least pari passu with all other unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8 . 1.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured on first priority by the Security Interests, save for any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Escrow Account Pledge shall only secure claims under the Cash Bonds.

8.1.3

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents are being duly executed by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and that the Security Documents are legally valid and in full force and effect. The Issuer shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder, including but not limited to upon any change of parties (inter alia Account Bank and counterparties) to the respective contracts and agreements being assigned or pledged.

Application of proceeds following an Event of Default
On receipt of monies arising from the Security Interest, insurance proceeds or otherwise, as the case may be, such proceeds or monies shall be applied as follows and in the order mentioned:

(a) firstly; in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Trustee, and the Issuer will indemnify the trustee for all costs and expenses in any event;

17

(b) secondly, in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred in or about and incidental to any enforcement or sale;

(c) thirdly; in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Security Documents; and

(d) finally, the balance (if any), shall be paid to the Issuer.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at a fixed rate of 8.50 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest on the Outstanding Bonds shall start to accrue from and including the Issue Date,

and interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year.

Until and including the Interest Payment Date falling three years after the Issue Date,

interest will be paid by way of issuing additional Bonds (Payment-In-Kind). From and

including the Interest Payment Date in December 2018 interest shall be paid by cash.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment

Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding,

the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction (the "Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest

=

Face

x

Fixed

x

Fixed Rate

Amount

Value

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in full together with accrued unpaid Interest at the Final Maturity Date. Repayments will be at 100 % of par value plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed amount.

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Bond Issue at any time up to but not including the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 % of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

10. 2.2

The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (through the Bond Trustee) in writing about any exercising of the Call Option at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of such Call Option exercise. Partial redemption shall be made pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures in the Security Register).

10.2.3 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds to be redeemed and any unpaid interest accrued on such Bonds.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Change of Control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of early pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % of par value (plus accrued interest).

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen - 15 Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.

10.3.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (at the price pursuant to Clausel0.3.1)) and any unpaid interest accrued.

10.4 10.4.1

Mandatory Prepayment Event
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring the Issuer shall, redeem 100 % of the Outstanding Bonds according to the terms of the Call Option.

10.4.2 If the Bonds are redeemed according to this clause 10.4, the entire amount on the Debt Service Reserve Account may be used as partial payment for mandatory redemption.

10.4.3

The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any mandatory redemption, at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory redemption. On the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued.

10.4.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

19 (40)

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 11.2.1
11.2.2

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not given such instruction as set out in Clause 11.3.1 within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that payment of any amount due under the Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

20 (40)

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1, cf. Clauses 15.1.2 15.1.5.

11.6
11.6.1

Irregular payments

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of

other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.3 above. The Bond Trustee

may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities

Depository or Account Managers.

·

11.6.2 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.6 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.7 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

.12

ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS

13.1 13.1.1

General

4

The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

21 (40)

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately (and in any event within five (5) days after an officer obtains such knowledge) inform the Bond Trustee of any Default or Event of Default and provide to the Bond Trustee a certificate from the CFO or CEO of the Issuer setting forth the details thereof, and without undue delay inform the Bond Trustee of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default;

(b) promptly upon knowledge of commencement of any material adverse development in, or any litigation proceeding against, the Issuer that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect , inform the Bond Trustee and provide a notice setting forth reasonable detail;

(c) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements and Semi-Annual Financial Reports and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 180 days after the end of the financial year (for Financial Statements) and 90 days after the end of the relevant Flalf-year Date in June (for Semi-Annual Financial Reports);

(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(e) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(g) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(h) within a reasonable time and subject to disclosure regulations applicable to the Issuer being followed, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1(c), confirm the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee in writing. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out as Schedule 1 hereto, signed by the CFO or CEO of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the nature of and reasons for such non-compliance, as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and/or will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants (a) Ranking and subordination

22 (40)

The Issuer shall procure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all the Issuer's other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other member of the Group shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other member of the Group shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall ensure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement if this would have a Material Adverse Effect
(e) Insurances
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company will, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with customary and prudent business practice for each type of asset and in their relevant jurisdictions and areas of operation.
(f) Further Financial Indebtedness Restriction
The Issuer shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
(g) Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future assets or its revenues, other than the Permitted Security.
23 (40)

(h) Financial Support
The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of any third party not being a Group Company, other than: (a) Financial Support in connection with Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and (b) Financial Support in relation to the Permitted Security.
(i) Accounts
The Issuer shall maintain the Accounts with the Account Bank.
(j) Hedging
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into hedging arrangements for speculative purposes
(k) Account Payments
(i) The Issuer shall from and including the Interest Payment Date falling three years after the Settlement Date and on a monthly basis thereafter until 1 month before the Maturity Date, transfer an amount equal to 1/12 of the annual interest under the Bond Issue to the Debt Service Reserve Account.
(ii) All payments shall be deposited on the Debt Service Reserve Account on the calculation date above. The deposited amounts shall be released for interest payments as they fall due.
13.4 Corporate matters (a) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors or affiliated companies
The Issuer shall cause all transactions between the Issuer and (i) any direct or indirect shareholder thereof , (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered into in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business, and on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in an arms' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Acts 1997.
(c) Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies will) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations). Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Subsidiaries' distributions

The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to: (i) pay dividends, service loans or make other distributions to its shareholders; (ii) service any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer; (iii) make any loans to the Issuer; or (iv) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer ("Distribution Restrictions"), if the creation or existence of such Distribution Restrictions are reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with any of its obligations under the Bond Agreement, except for Distribution Restrictions contained in any agreements for Permitted Financial Indebtedness as referred to in paragraphs (c)or (d) of that definition.
(e) Litigation

The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:

(i) material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against the Issuer, any of the Subsidiaries or the Asset Subsidiary; and

(ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

(f) Dividend restrictions

The Issuer shall not pay or declare any dividend, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with a similar effect, i.a. total return swap) or declare or make any other distribution to its shareholders without the prior written consent of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

14. 14.1.1

FEES AND EXPENSES
The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository.

14.1.2

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

25 (40) --

14.1.3

The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.1.4

In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1.1 and 14.1.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

14.1.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.1.6

Any payable withholding tax that might be due shall be paid and arranged in full by the Issuer without deduction on payments unless the Issuer is required by law to make such a payment subject to the deduction or withholding of such taxes, in which case the sum payable by the Issuer (in respect of which such deduction or withholding is required to be made) shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that the Arranger, the Trustee or the Bondholders receive a sum net of any deduction or withholding equal to the sum which it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made or required to be made.

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of
the following events (each an "Event of Default"):
(a) Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made within 5 five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations

The Issuer or any other member of the Group (as the case may be) fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement (including but not limited to the covenants set out in Clause 13) or any of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 ten- Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default

Provided the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;

(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee of the Issuer or any other member of the Group is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

26 (40) ^

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any other member of the Group is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any other member of the Group is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any other member of the Group due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency
If for the Issuer or any other member of the Group:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's or any other member of the Group's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.
(f) Creditors'process
The Issuer or any other member of the Group has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment of liquidator or analogous proceedings
rj 27 (40)

The Issuer or any other member of the Group is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Issuer.
(h) Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer or any other member of the Group to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i) Litigation

There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Issuer or any other member of the Group which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee (after consultations with the Issuer) is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material Adverse Effect

Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to the Issuer or any other member of the Group which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee (after consultations with the Issuer), is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.1.2

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

15.1.3

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.1.4 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.

28 (40) ^

15.1.5

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.1.2 or 15.1.4 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

^7

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

30 (40)

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond

31 (40)

Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer

32 (40)

(including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

17.4.2

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

33 (40)

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(e) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(i) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(ii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iii) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(iv) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Bond Defeasance The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts

34 (40)

as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 18.4.1

Access to information This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any

35 (40)

other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

37 (40)

*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Bond Trustee

-- By:
Position:

frwss&J

C <?< r ^ ^ ~

38 (40)

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Fax:

+ 4722 8794 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]
Dear Sirs,
NBT AS - BOND AGREEMENT 2015/2020 - ISIN NO 0010741358
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained in the Bond Agreement is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you; and
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied.
Copies of our latest [Financial Statement /Quarterly Financial Report] are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
NBT AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]
&

SCHEDULE 2

Nordic Trustee ASA

P.O. Box 1470 Vika

N-0116 Oslo

Norway

Fax:

+ 4722 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

[date]
Dear Sirs,
NBT AS - BOND AGREEMENT 2015/2020 - ISIN NO 0010741358
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,

NBT AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

40 (40)

