ISIN NO 001 0705601
BOND AGREEMENT between
AINMT Scandinavia Holdings AS (Issuer)
AINMT Holdings AB (Parent) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf o f
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
9.75 per cent AINMT Scandinavia Holdings AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 13 14 14 14 14 17 19 19 20 22 24 24 30 31 34 36 39

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 19 March 2014 between

(1) AINMT Scandinavia Holdings AS (a company existing under the laws o f Norway with registration number 913 192 354 as issuer (the "Issuer"),

(2)

AINMT Holdings AB (a company existing under the laws o f Sweden with

registration number 556771-3440 as parent (the "Parent"), and

(3) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Accounts" means the Escrow Account, the Issuer's Debt Service Account and the Issuer's Operating Expense Account opened and maintained with DNB Bank ASA, Norwegian office.
"Accounts Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's Debt Service Account and the Issuer's Operating Expense Account.
"Assignment of Insurances" means a first priority assignment or pledge over the Issuer Group's insurances (as applicable).
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Book Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) o f the Issuer's equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS at the time of issue provided however with no SAC Balance item & amortisation.

3

Norsk TillUsmann ASA
"Book Value of Assets" means Total Assets less (i) Goodwill, (ii) 50% of the Total Assets of ICE Norge AS and (iii) the Parent Loan.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business in Oslo and Stockholm, and can settle foreign currency transactions and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments o f interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or a group (as such term is defined in section 1-5 o f Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act) other than an entity under common control with the Ultimate Parent becomes the owner o f more than 50.0% o f the outstanding shares and/or voting rights o f the Parent.
"Closing Memo" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.2(c).
"Cure A m ount'-shalibaveThemeanmg-sefeutimGlause 13^6.2.
"Danish Assets Pledge" means a first priority general floating charge (in Danish: virksomhedspant) over certain assets o f Ice Danmark ApS securing the Bond Issue and the Internal Loans from the Issuer to Ice Denmark ApS for the total amount of DKK 37.5 million.
"Danish Licenses" means two licenses to operate in the 450 MHz frequency band of which a) the first license was assigned by the Danish Ministry o f Science, Technology and Higher Education to Nordisk Mobiltelefon Denmark A/S (CVR. No. 2984 9943, subsequently renamed Ice Denmark ApS) in January 2007, and b) the second licence was acquired from Nordisk Mobiltelefon International AB in January 2014.
"Danish Licenses Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Danish Licenses for the total amount o f DKK 37.5 million in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents and the Issuer as security for obligations o f Ice Denmark APS under the Internal Loan from the Issuer to Ice Denmark ApS.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result o f an agreement or through the ownership o f shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority o f the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority o f the members of the board of directors o f that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members o f the board of directors, rights held by the

Norsk Tiliitsmann ASA
parent company o f the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Dividend Payment" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 13.4(b).
"DKK" means Danish kroner, being the lawful currency o f Denmark.
"EBITDA" means earnings before financial items, taxes, depreciation and amortizations on a rolling 12 months basis.
"EBITDA pre SAC" means EBITDA excluding SAC items in accordance with IFRS at the time o f issue measured on a consolidated basis for the Issuer Group post transaction and such additional debt.
"Ericsson Facility" means the facilities granted under the USD 56 million term facilities agreement dated 25 October 2010 between Ericsson Credit AB as lender and the Parent, ICE Norge AS and Netett Sverige AB as obligors (as later amended and restated).
"Escrow Account" means an account denominated in SEK in the name o f the Issuer, blocked and pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each o f the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Factoring Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Norwegian Guarantors' existing and future receivables.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting o f any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement and designated as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect o f any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale

or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect o f a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value o f any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) the amount o f any liability in respect o f any guarantee or indemnity for any o f the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statem ents" means (i) the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors and (ii) the audited annual financial statements o f the Guarantors for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board o f Directors.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the relevant company is incorporated.

"Goodwill" means the book value (on a consolidated basis) o f the items owned by or belonging to the Issuer Group treated as goodwill in accordance with GAAP.

"G roup" means the Parent and its Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "G roup Company" means the Parent or any o f its Subsidiaries.

"G uarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee ( "selvskyldnergaranti ") from each o f the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.

"G uarantors" means the following companies, each being 100% (however 90.32% in the case o f Ice Danmark ApS) directly owned by the Issuer:

(i)

Ice Communication Norge AS (previously Telco Data AS), a Norwegian

company with reg. number 912 672 808;

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) Netett Sverige AB, a Swedish company with reg. number 556773-3091;

(iii) Ice Norge AS, a Norwegian company with reg. number 991 715 290;

(iv) Ice Danmark ApS, a Danish company with reg. number 29 84 99 43; and

(v) any other Subsidiaries o f the Issuer (present and future).

"Guarantor Share Pledges" means a first priority share pledge granted by the Issuer over all o f the shares (100%) issued by each o f Ice Communication Norge AS and Netett Sverige AB, and 90.32% o f the shares issued by Ice Denmark ApS.

"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Interest Expenses" means, on a consolidated basis for the Issuer Group, the aggregate consolidated gross interest costs o f the Issuer Group (excluding interest accumulating on Shareholder Loans) on a rolling 12 months basis. For the avoidance of doubt, gains or losses on currency transactions and unrealized gains or losses from interest rate swaps shall not be considered as income or costs.

"Interest Payment Date" means 19 March and 19 September each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Interim Accounts" means (i) the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements o f the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS and (ii) the unaudited quarterly financial statements of the Guarantors for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.

"Internal Loan Agreement" means a loan agreement (i) between the Issuer and a Guarantor, (ii) the Issuer and the Parent in respect o f the Parent Loan or (iii) between two Guarantors setting out the conditions for the Internal Loans, to be in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).

"Internal Loans" means:

(i)

the loans from the Issuer to the Guarantors (as applicable) made in

connection with the purpose as described in Clause 2.3 (i) and (ii);

(ii) any other loan (if applicable) between companies in the Issuer Group; and

(iii) the Parent Loan.

"Internal Loans Assignment" means a first priority assignment o f the Internal Loans.

"Intra-group Service Agreements" means:

(i)

The agreement between Ice Communication Norge AS as service provider

and Ice Norge AS dated 18 March 2014;

7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) The agreement between Ice Norge AS as service provider and Ice Communication Norge AS dated 18 March 2014; and
(iii) The agreement between AINMT Holdings AB, Ice Norge AS, Ice Communication Norge AS, Netett Sverige AB and Ice Danmark ApS on central costs dated 21 December 2009.
"Inventory Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Norwegian Guarantors' inventory.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number o f the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 19 March 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Issuer's Debt Service Account" means an account to be used for interest payments under the Bond Issue in the name o f the Issuer, blocked and pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Issuer's Operating Expense Account" means accounts denominated in NOK, SEK, DKK and USD in the name o f the Issuer, pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Issuer Group" means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time, and an "Issuer Group Company" means the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means a first priority share pledge granted by the Parent over all o f the shares (100%) issued by the Issuer.
"Licenses" means the Norwegian Licenses, the Swedish Licenses, the Danish Licenses and the New Licenses.
"Liquidity" means, at any given time, the aggregate book value o f the freely available and unencumbered cash and bank deposits o f the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) with banks having a minimum credit rating o f "A" which are not blocked and all being freely available to the Issuer at any time and without any contractual obligations restricting any Group Company from paying dividends or make other distributions to the Issuer, to service any financial indebtedness o f the Issuer or make any loan to the Issuer (as the case may be), if such contractual obligations imply that the funds are not freely available to the Issuer, including the funds on the Accounts following disbursement o f funds from the Escrow Account.
"Machinery and Plant Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Norwegian Guarantors' machinery and plant.
8

Norsk Tillitsroann ASA

"Manager" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being DNB Markets (part o f DNB Bank ASA), Pareto Securities AS and Swedbank Norge, branch o f Swedbank AB (publ.).

"Mandatory Redemption Event" means, except if it constitutes a Total Loss Event:

(i)

any o f the Licenses are sold or disposed of;

(ii) the Parent ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of 100% o f the shares in the Issuer; or

(iii) the Issuer ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) o f the ownership stakes in each o f the Guarantors required under Clause 13.4(a).

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations o f any o f the Obligors, (b) any Obligor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any o f the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability o f any o f the Finance Documents.

"Maturity Date" means 19 March 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means, on a consolidated basis for the Issuer Group, the aggregate consolidated interest bearing debt (excluding any Internal Loan) less Liquidity.

"New Licenses" means the licenses to operate in the 800 MHz, 900 MHz and 1,800 MHz frequency bands assigned by the Norwegian Post and Telecommunications Authority to Ice Communication Norge AS (reg. number 912 672 808) in December 2013.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.

"Norwegian Licenses" means the licenses to operate in the 410 MHz and 450 MHz frequency bands assigned by the Norwegian Post and Telecommunications Authority to Nordisk Mobiltelefon Norge AS (reg. number 988 440 620) in December 2004 and later assigned to Nordisk Mobiltelefon Norge AS (reg. number 991 715 290, subsequently renamed Ice Norge AS) in April 2009.

"Norwegian Guarantors" means Ice Communication Norge AS and Ice Norge AS.

"Obligor" means the Issuer and its present and future Subsidiaries including the Guarantors.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"Operating Assets Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Norwegian Guarantors' operating assets.

"Parent Loan" means the loan o f equivalent in SEK o f approximately USD 9.955 million from the Issuer to the Parent to repay the Pareto Bank Facility.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Pareto Bank Facility" means the loan facilities dated 23 December 2013 with the Parent as the borrower and Pareto Bank AS as the lender.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Pre-Disbursement Security" means:

(i)

the Issuer Share Pledge;

(ii) the Shareholder Loans Assignment;

(iii) the Guarantor Share Pledges;

(iv) the Internal Loans Assignment;

(v) the Accounts Pledge;

(vi) the Guarantees;

(vii) the Assignment o f Insurances;

(viii) the Operating Assets Pledge;

(ix) the Inventory Pledge;

(x) the Machinery and Plant Pledge;

(xi) the Factoring Pledge;

(xii) the Swedish Assets Pledge;

(xiii) the Danish Licenses Pledge; and

(xiv) the Danish Assets Pledge.

"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Escrow Account Pledge.

"Project Documents" means the following documents:

(i)

the Licenses;

(ii) the Intra-group Service Agreements;

(iii) any Shareholder Loans agreements;

(iv) the Internal Loan Agreement; and

(v) the SCASA.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"SAC" means Subscriber Acquisition Costs which are costs incurred attributable to obtaining and/or retaining service contracts with subscribers; Marketing & PR, device revenue and cost o f goods sold, commissions, start-up costs and reseller discounts and subsidies.
"SAC Balance" means any SAC item that has met the criteria for being balanced as an intangible asset in accordance with IAS 38.
"SCASA" means the secured creditors asset sales agreement between ABN Amro Bank N.V., the Parent and Ice Norge AS dated 19 February 2009.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means the Pre-Settlement Security and the Pre-Disbursement Security.
"SEK" means Swedish kroner, being the lawful currency o f Sweden.
"Side Letter" means the letter from the Issuer and Netett Sverige AB to the Bond Trustee where Netett Sverige AB undertakes not to make any recommendations to the relevant District Court (Sw. tingsrätt) with respect to the appointment o f the administrator (Sw. rekonstruktör) in any business reorganisation o f Netett Sverige AB (including the identity o f any administrator), without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee.
"Shareholder Loans" means any loans granted by the Parent to the Issuer.
"Shareholder Loans Assignment" means a first priority assignment o f the rights o f the Parent as lender under any Shareholder Loans.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Swedish Assets Pledge" means first priority mortgage (in Swedish: företagshypotek) over movable assets o f Netett Sverige AB (including the Swedish
11

Norsk Tillitsmanii ASA

Licenses) securing the Bond Issue and the Internal Loans to Netett AB for the total amount of SEK 500 million.

"Swedish Licenses" means the license to operate in the 450 MHz frequency band assigned by the Swedish Post and Telecom Authority to Nordisk Mobiltelefon AS (org. no. 988 440 620) in December 2005 and later assigned to Nordisk Mobiltelefon Sverige AB (reg. number 556684-6340,) in August 2007 and assigned to Netett Sverige AB in March 2009.

"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) o f the Issuer's total assets made in accordance with IFRS.

"Total Assets o f Ice Norge" means the book value o f ICE Norge AS' total assets made in accordance with GAAP.

"Total Loss Event" means if all or a substantial part of the Licenses are revoked or cancelled.

"Trustee Expenses" means the costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in relation to the Bond Issue.

"Ultimate Parent" means AI Media Holdings (NMT) LLC, a Delaware company with reg. number 4645801.

"USD" means United States dollar, being the lawful currency o f the United States.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease o f reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision o f law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,

judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or

regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency o f a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement

2.1.1

By virtue o f being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount o f SEK 1,500,000,000 (Swedish kroner fifteen hundred million).

The Face Value is SEK 500,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "9.75 per cent AINMT Scandinavia Holdings AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".

The ISIN o f the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0705601.

The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The Issuer shall apply the net proceeds o f the Bonds (net o f fees, legal costs and any other agreed costs and expenses) as follows:

(i)

the equivalent in SEK o f approximately USD 47.1 million to Ice Norge AS

and Netett Sverige AB accumulated to repay the amounts outstanding under

the Ericsson Facility;

(ii) the equivalent in SEK o f approximately USD 9.955 million to the Parent to repay the Pareto Bank Facility in full;

(iii) fund the Issuer Debt Service Account as set out in Clause 6.7; and

(iv) any remaining amount to be applied for capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes of the Issuer Group, where upon first disbursement an amount corresponding to SEK 200 million shall be distributed to Netett AB while DKK 25 million shall be distributed to Ice Denmark ApS.

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing o f the Bonds on Oslo Bors.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions o f the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository o f any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration o f the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach o f applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent

Disbursement o f the net proceeds o f the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the Parent to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c)

a power o f attorney from the Parent and the Issuer to relevant individuals for

their execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the

relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such indivi

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Parent and the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of (i) the certificate of incorporation or other similar official document for the Parent and the Obligors, evidencing that they are validly registered and existing and (ii) the articles o f association o f the Parent and the Obligors;

(e) confirmation from the Issuer that the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 remain true and accurate, and that no Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing;

(f)

documentation evidencing (i) that USD 115 million has been injected as

equity into Ice Communication Norge AS by the Ultimate Parent by way of

contribution in kind, (ii) that the loan granted from the Ultimate Parent to

Ice Communication Norge AS has been reduced to USD 25 million and (iii)

the transfer o f the shares in Ice Communication Norge AS from the

Ultimate Parent to the Parent and from the Parent to the Issuer;

(g) evidence that the Intra-group Service Agreements have been entered into, including evidence that Ice Communication Norge AS has been made party to the intra-group agreement on central costs dated 21 December 2009;

(h) the latest Financial Statements from each o f the Guarantors and an opening balance o f the Issuer;

(i)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

0)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond

Issue;

(k) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(l)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(m) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing o f the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(n)

Swedish legal opinion including capacity corporate opinions for the Parent;

and

(o) establishment o f the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the relevant account bank, and including waiver o f any set-off rights).

6.2 Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent

15

Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA

Disbursement o f the net proceeds o f the Bonds from the Escrow Account to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in
Attachment 2 to this Bond Agreement;

(b) documentation evidencing that the amount to be released will be applied in accordance with Clause 2.3;

(c)

certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions o f the Parent and the

Obligors (if not delivered under Clause 6.1) to execute the Finance

Documents;

(d) a power o f attorney from the Parent and the Obligors (unless delivered under Clause 6.1) to relevant individuals for their execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf o f the Parent and the Obligors;

(e) evidence that the debt set out in Clause 2.3 (i) and (ii) has been or will be
prepaid in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account and that all Security and/or guarantees thereunder (save for the pledge over the shares in Ice Norge AS granted under the SCASA) have been or will be released and discharged in accordance with a closing memorandum to be agreed between the existing lenders, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (the "Closing Memo");

(*)

confirmation from the Issuer that the representations and warranties set out

in Clause 7.1 remain true and accurate, and that no Event o f Default has

occurred and is continuing;

(g)

any other Finance Documents (unless delivered as part o f the Pre-Settlement

Conditions Precedent and to the extent applicable) in acceptable form and

being duly executed;

00

documentation evidencing that the Issuer's Debt Service Account and the

Issuer's Operating Expense Accounts have been opened with DNB Bank

ASA (Norwegian office);

(i)

all relevant Security Documents (except for the Escrow Account Pledge)

being executed and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that the Security

Documents will be executed and perfected in connection with (and latest

simultaneously with) the release o f the funds from the Escrow Account) in

accordance with the Closing Memo;

(j)

the Side Letter duly executed;

00 the Internal Loan Agreements duly executed by the parties thereto;

(1)

legal opinions in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(m) evidence to the Bond Trustee that all Licences are owned directly by th Guarantors;

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(n) copy o f all Licenses; and
(o) evidence that the Group holds adequate insurance with respect to its assets, equipment and business.
6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clauses 6.1 and 6.2.

6.4 Disbursement o f the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.5 The Bond Trustee is authorised to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue as evidenced through invoice from the Manager using the proceeds in the Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and costs have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow Account.

6.6 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.7 The Issuer shall transfer an amount equivalent to two (2) years o f interest on the Bonds by transfer of funds from the Escrow Account to the Debt Service Account.

6.8 The Issuer shall transfer the amount referred to in Clause 2.3(iv) to the Issuer's Operating Expense Account. The Issuer shall ensure that amounts credited to an Issuer's Operating Expense Account are only used in accordance with Clause 2.3 (iv).

6.9 In the event that the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent in Clause 6.2 for any reason are not satisfied within 90 days after the Issue Date, the Issuer shall use the funds in the Escrow Account towards prepayment o f all Bonds at (a) par value together with accrued interest thereon if the failure to comply with the Pre Disbursement Conditions Precedent was beyond the control of the Issuer and (b) otherwise at the applicable rate set out under Clause 10.4.

7

Representations and W arranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
(a) Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws o f its jurisdiction o f incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any o f its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault

(i)

No Event o f Default existsor islikely to result from the making o f any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice, the making of any determination or any combination o f any o f the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any o f its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any o f its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a . Material Adverse Effect have (to the best o f its knowledge and belief) been started nr threatened against it or any o f its Subsidiaries.

18

Norsk TilUtsmann ASA

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date o f the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes o f this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l)

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security
No Security exists over any o f the present assets o f any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations o f the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application) and shall rank ahead o f subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interest.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate o f 9.75 per cent. (9.75%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 19 September 2014.

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed R ate Day C ount Fraction") in respect o f the calculation o f the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number o f days in the calculation period in respect o f which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number o f days to be calculated on the basis o f a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day o f the calculation period is the 31st day o f a month but the first day o f the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day o f the calculation period is the last day o f the month o f February, in which case the month o f February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount Fraction

Face Value

X

Fixed

Rate

X

Fixed Rate

Day Count

10 M aturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole (all or nothing) as follows (Call Option):
(a) at any time from Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2017 at a price equivalent to the sum of:
(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 103.90% o f par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date in March 2017; and
(ii) the present value on the relevant record date o f the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2017,
both calculated by using a discount rate o f 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration o f the Bonds until the Interest Payment Date in March 2017 (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "releva record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Pa Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

20

Norsk Tillitsmami ASA

(b) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2018 at a price equal to 103.90% o f par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(c)

at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2018 to,

but not including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2018 at a price

equal to 101.95% o f par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed

amount); and

(d)

any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2018

to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.975% o f par

value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount o f such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o fcontrol

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence o f a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% o f par plus accrued interest

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee o f a Change o f Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the redemption request. The settlement date o f the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end o f the 60 calendar days' exercise period o f the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount o f each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Redemption

10.4.1

Upon a Mandatory Redemption Event occurring, the Issuer shall no later than 30 calendar days following the relevant Mandatory Redemption Event (however immediately if constituting an outstanding Event o f Default), redeem 100% o f the outstanding Bonds at the price set out in Clause 10.2.1. The redemption price s

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

determined based on the date the Mandatory Redemption Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.

10.4.2 If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.4, the Issuer may use any amounts on the Accounts as partial payment.

10.4.3

On the settlement date o f the Mandatory Prepayment Event, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount o f each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4.4 Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Redemption Events, the Issuer is only obliged to pay one redemption amount.

10.5 Total Loss Redemption

Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly, but in any event no later than 90 calendar days following the Total Loss Event, redeem 100% o f the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order o f the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge o f its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date o f the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3.1 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities o f a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o flate payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in fulL

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4.

11.6 Partialpayments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment o f any unpaid fees, costs and expenses o f the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) secondly, in or towards payment o f any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

The Issuer undertakes from the date o f this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing o f any Event o f Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make

them available on its website in the English language as soon as they

become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial

year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end o f the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(0

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any

statutory notifications o f the Issuer, including but not limited to in

connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction o f the Issuer's share

capital or equity;

24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f its and/or the rating o f the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the

registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication o f its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event o f non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at leastp ari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers
Except for mergers between Ice Communication Norge AS as the surviving entity and a Norwegian company (other than Ice Norge AS), the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Obligor shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation o f the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities.

(c)

De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Obligor shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split o f the Issuer or any o f the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities.

(d) Continuation o f business
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Obligor shall, (i) cease to carry on its business, (ii) make any material change to the general nature of its business from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement or (iii) commence a business which is not a telecom business.

25

Norsk Tilliismajui ASA

(e) Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Obligor shall, sell or otherwise dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations (save for any Mandatory Redemption Event).

(f)

A rm 's length transactions

The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Obligor shall, engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange o f assets or the rendering o f any service), except upon terms that are no less favourable to the relevant Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(g) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type o f organization or jurisdiction o f incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Obligors shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
13.4 Special covenants
(a) Ownership to Guarantors and Licenses
The Issuer shall, directly or indirectly, hold no less than all o f the shares (100%) issued by each of the Guarantors, save for Ice Danmark ApS where die Issuer shall hold no less than 90.32% o f the shares. Furthermore, the Issuer shall ensure that the Guarantors at all times hold 100% ownership to their respective Licenses.
(b) Issuer dividends
The Issuer may declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make loans or other distributions to its shareholders (each a "Dividend Payment") provided that i) the Dividend Payment does not exceed 50% o f the Issuer's consolidated net profits since 1 January 2014 (and onwards) according to the Issuer's audited annual or interim financial statements provided however that any unused capacity cannot be carried forward and that ii) the ratio o f Net Interest Bearing Debt/EBITDA immediately following such Dividend Payment does not exceed 2.5, such EBITDA to be calculated over the last 12 months and as if any acquisition of business during this period had been completed at the beginning o f the period.

(c) No additional debt
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Obligor shall, assume or permit to exist any Financial Indebtedness other than (i) the Bond Issue, (ii) any hedging transactions entered into in the Issuer's ordinary course of business, (iii) any Shareholder Loan, (iv) any Internal Loans or (v) additional debt in relation to acquisitions subject to the following:

a.

The Issuer being the borrower;

26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

b.

Compliance with the financial covenants in Clause 13.6;

c.

Any such debt being unsecured and non-amortizing;

d.

Maturity o f any such debt being after the Maturity Date;

e.

Any such debt not to exceed 3x the EBITDA (calculated on a rolling 12

months basis) o f the acquired company;

f.

Any such debt to constitute no more than 50% o f the purchase price; and

g.

EBITDA pre SAC/Interest Expenses > 2.50x.

(d) Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Obligor shall, incur or allow to exist any other Security on any o f its property, assets, contracts, rights or licenses or similar, except for (a) the Security Interests, (b) the pledge over the shares issued by Ice Norge AS in connection with the SCASA and (c) any Security arising by operation of law.

(e) Capital expenditures
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Obligor shall, (i) make any other investments other than related to the Licenses or acquired licences in Scandinavia and the networks and business related thereto, or (ii) make any acquisitions o f other companies or the assets o f other companies, or (iii) make or commit to any other capital expenditures, in each case other than directly related to the Licences or acquired licences in Scandinavia and the businesses and networks related thereto.

(f)

Financial assistance

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Obligor shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting Security) to any party except for (i) in the ordinary course o f business (including customary receivables) and (ii) any Internal Loans.

(g) Project Documents
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Obligor shall, agree to or permit any changes to the Project Documents which are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Obligors shall take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary to promptly enforce any rights that it has and collect any and all sums due to it under the the Project Documents.

(h) Subsidiary distributions
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting their right to pay dividends to the Issuer, repay any o f the Internal Loans or make other distributions to the Issuer (save for as regulated in the SCASA).

(i)

Insurance

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Obligor shall, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters customary

27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice for telecom companies.

(j)

Maintenance o fLicenses

The Issuer shall ensure that the Guarantors at all times are in compliance with all obligations under the Licenses (provided however that a failure to meet such obligations shall not constitute an Event of Default if unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect).

(k) Loan agreementsfo r Internal Loans
The Issuer shall ensure that Internal Loans are documented by Internal Loan Agreements stipulating, inter alia, that the borrowers shall repay the Internal Loans at the latest, immediately and in fall upon acceleration o f the Bonds following an Event of Default.

13.5 Covenants regarding the Parent

(a) Ownership The Parent shall remain the sole shareholder of the Issuer.

(b) Granting o floans
The Parent shall ensure that no Group Company (other than an Issuer Group Company) grants any loans to the Issuer and/or any o f the Guarantors other than Shareholder Loans.

(c) Disposal o f business
The Parent shall ensure that no Group Company sells or otherwise disposes o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations (save for any Mandatory Redemption Event), unless any such transaction is carried out at a fair market value and on customary terms, and provided that such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) A rm 's length transactions
The Parent shall not engage in, or permit any Issuer Group Company to engage in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange o f assets or the rendering o f any service), except upon terms that are no less favourable to the Parent or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(e)

Co-investment

The Parent shall not, and shall procure that the Ultimate Parent does not, engage in any business arrangement that will (directly or indirectly) compete with the business o f the Issuer Group.

(f)

Maintenance o fLicenses

The Parent shall ensure that the Issuer and each o f the Guarantors at all times carries out all reasonable effort to ensure compliance with all obligations under the Licenses.

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(g) Customer relationship
The Parent shall ensure that an Issuer Group Company is the beneficiary counterparty to any and all customer relationships arising in connection with the Licenses.

(h) Project Documents
The Parent shall perform and observe all of its covenants and agreements contained in any o f the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, shall take all necessary action that is available to it to prevent the termination o f any such Project Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and shall take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents.

(i)

Shareholder Loans

The Parent shall ensure that any Shareholder Loans are subordinated to the Bond Issue and documented by a loan agreement. The Parent shall furthermore ensure that any Shareholder Loans:

(i)

Are fully subordinated to the Bonds,

(ii) are non-amortising with a maturity date which falls after the Maturity Date and with no pre-payment before such date, and

(iii) earn interest by way of accumulation which is added to the principal o f such loan during the term o f the Bonds.

The Parent shall also:

(i)

refrain from taking any enforcement or other formal action against the

Issuer or the Guarantors in respect o f any amount outstanding under a

Shareholder Loan and shall, after the occurrence of an Event of Default and

for as long as it is continuing, accept that any amounts which may be

outstanding against the Issuer are subordinated in all respects to the claims

o f the Bondholders, and

(ii) and (b) procure that all other Group Companies and the Parent abide by the foregoing item (i) in respect o f any claim any such entity may have or get against the Issuer or Guarantors.

The rights o f the Parent under any Shareholder Loan are subject to the Parent Assignment o f Shareholder Loans in favour o f the Bond Trustee to secure the obligations o f the Obligors under the Finance Documents.

13.6 Financial covenants

13.6.1 The Issuer shall ensure that the Issuer Group complies with the following financial covenants:

(i)

Book Equity o f minimum SEK 350 million;

(ii) The Book Value o f Assets (less the amount blocked on the Issuer's Debt Service Account) shall at all times exceed 150% o f the aggregated amount

29

Norsk Tillits raann ASA

under the Bonds (less the amount blocked on the Issuer's Debt Service Account); and

(iii) Minimum Liquidity o f SEK 100 million.

The Issuer will report its accounts in NOK. Consequently the financial covenants tests will be based on the financial accounts in NOK converted into SEK at the SEK/NOK spot exchange rate on the relevant Quarter Date.

13.6.2

I f the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with any o f the financial covenants in Clause 13.6.1, and the Issuer within 10 Business Days o f becoming aware of such breach receives net cash proceeds from any person (other than an Obligor) in the form of new equity or a Shareholder Loan (a "C ure Amount"), then the relevant financial covenant shall be recalculated at the end o f such 10 Business Days period, by increasing the Book Equity, the Book Value o f Assets or the Minimum Liquidity (as the case may be) by the Cure Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, any part o f a Cure Amount shall only be taken into account once when determining compliance with any particular financial covenant and cannot be double counted. If, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Issuer is in compliance with all the financial covenants applicable at such time, the Issuer shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements o f the financial covenants as o f the relevant original date o f determination as though there had been no failure to comply with such requirement, and the breach o f the applicable financial covenants which had occurred shall be deemed to have been cured.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective o f such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder o f any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default o f the Bond Issue and the enforcement o f any Security.

30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(i)

the amount o f the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such

amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net

amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the

payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required;

and

(ii) the Issuer shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some o f the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the call.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event o f default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount o f Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above o f a total o f NOK 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency

(i)

A Group Company, is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall

due, suspends making payments on any o f its debts or, by reason o f actual

or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or

more o f its creditors with a view to rescheduling any o f its indebtedness.

(ii) The value o f the assets o f any member o f the Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)

(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness o f any member of the Group

(f)

Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary

arrangement, scheme o f arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment o f a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer o f any o f its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

(g) Creditors 'process
Any Group Company has a substantial proportion o f the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any o f its assets.

(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any o f the terms o f any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i)

M aterial Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be

declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Voting Bonds,

and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

15.5 Waterfall

Proceeds following an Event o f Default which has occurred and is continuing shall be applied in the following order o f priority:

(i)

firstly; in to cover the Trustee Expenses;

33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) secondly; in or towards payment of all sums outstanding pursuant to the Finance Documents; and
(iii) finally; the balance, if any, shall be paid to the Issuer.
If the Issuer does not pay the Trustee Expenses to the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee may seek funding o f the Trustee Expenses from the Bondholders, or failing them, other sources, in which case such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Bond Trustee, but subordinate to any further Trustee Expenses.
16 Bondholders* Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction o f principal or interest and any conversion o f the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction o f the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction o f principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval o f the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a)

the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Voting Bonds;

(c)

the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4 The notice o f a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of

34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time o f distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval o f all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers o f Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives o f the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders ' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close o f business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning

35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as die Bondholder o f such Bond (instead o f the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount o f Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority o f at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment o f any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond T rustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee
17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the

36

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event o f Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event o f Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch o f such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise o f its powers to other professional parties.

37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring o f the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result o f gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content o f information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses o f a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee o f its duties pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

38

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment o f a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all o f the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder o f the relevant Security (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

17.4.4 In case o f insolvency, bankruptcy or dissolution o f the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall convene a Bondholder's Meeting for the purpose o f electing a new Bond Trustee pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16, as applicable.

18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o f Bondholders

By virtue o f holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement o f the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms o f this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered

in the Securities Depository; and

(d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders

meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

c /fv

39

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'
community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit

o f the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee

(the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the

payment o f principal (including if applicable premium payable upon

exercise o f a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity

Date (or redemption upon a exercise o f a notified Call Option) or any other

amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event o f Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date o f establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events o f Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c)

if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a

replacement o f the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by

its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the

Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors

o f the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or

defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance o f the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit o f the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors o f the Issuer or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate

40

Norsk Ttllitsmann ASA

domicile o f the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation o f any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value o f the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;

(c)

any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the

Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as

otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e)

all other provisions o f this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall

remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders o f all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18,1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in

41

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy o f this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes o f reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments o f this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities

Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c)

if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a)

If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force

shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the ^

deadline relates to, shall be included.

42

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part o f an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day o f such month.

(c)

If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is

postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

Position: <vtr«**tEy vn pac T Parent

By: Position:

Position: ATTcxwev ,N ^ CT

43

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day o f such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number o fjurisdictions.

*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

By: Position:
Parent

By: Position:

43

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

9.75 PER CENT AINMT SCANDINAVIA HOLDINGS AS SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN NO 001 0705601

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.6.1, the Book Equity as of [date] is XX, the Book Value of Assets as o f [date] is XX and the amount o f Liquidity as o f [date] is XX.

Copies o f our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. Yours faithfully, AINMT Scandinavia Holdings AS

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation]
44

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

9.75 PER CENT AINMT SCANDINAVIA HOLDINGS AS SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN NO 001 0705601

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount o f [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event o f Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

AINMT Scandinavia Holdings AS

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

45

