ISIN: NO 001 0691017 NO 001 0699846
First Amendment Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between
Emerging Europe Land Development AS ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond
Issue 2013/2014

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 23 December 2013 between Emerging Europe Land Development AS (the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee").

1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement

The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the Bond Agreement " 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond Issue 2013/2014" - ISIN NO 001 0691017.

2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement

The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(i)

New definition o f "Change o f Control Event" shall read:

"means if any person or a group o f persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires 1/3 or more o f the shares in the Issuer"

(ii) The definition o f "Issue Date" shall read:

"means 14 October 2013 for Issue Date for Tranche I, and 23 December 2013 for Tranche II"

(iii) New definition o f "Tap Issue" shall read:

"means subsequent issues after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2 .2 . 1"
(iv) New definition of "Tranche I" shall read:

"means ISIN NO 001 0691017"

(v) New definition of "Tranche II" shall read:

"means ISIN NO 001 0699846"

(vi) Clause 2.1 first paragraph shall be changed to Clause 2.2.1 and read:

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum aggregate amount o f NOK 70,000,000 (Norwegian kroner seventy million). The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. Tranche I will be in the amount o f NOK 30,000,000 (Norwegian kroner thirty million). Tranche II will be in the amount of NOK 13,950,000 (Norwegian kroner thirteen million nine hundred and fifty thousand).

(vii) A new Clause 2.2.2 shall be included and read:

2A
f2

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
The Bond Issue is a Tap Issue, under which subsequent issues may take place after the Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1, running from the Issue Date and to be closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.
All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations o f all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing of additional Tap Issues make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.
(viii) Clause 2.2 fourth paragraph shall read:
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f Tranche I will be NO 001 0691017, and the ISIN for Tranche II will be NO 001 0699846.
(ix) Clause 6.3 shall read:
The Issuer shall execute the relevant Security Documents to put the Security Interests in place within 31 January 2014. If the relevant Security Documents are not in place (including any legal opinions) and validly existing by such dates, the Issuer shall pay an additional interest of 5 per cent per annum on the outstanding Bonds at such time until all relevant Security Documents are in place. Such additional interest shall be payable on the Maturity Date (without further capitalization).
All Security Documents shall be established in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in the maximum issue amount set out under the definition of Security Interests , plus expenses and interest, duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers), validly existing and perfected, and enforceable against the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory evidence for establishment o f the Security Documents (and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including any legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
(x) A new Clause 6.6 shall read:
The Issuer may issue Tap Issues provided that (i) the amount o f the aggregate o f (x) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (y) the requested amount for such Tap Issue shall not exceed the maximum issue amount, (ii) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making o f such Tap Issue, (iii) the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1, are still valid, (iv) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement being true and correct and repeated by the Issuer, and (v) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as o f the time of such issue.
(xi) A new clause 10.3 shall read:
13.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 100% of par plus accrued interest.
3

NORSK TILLITSMANN A SA
13.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.
13.3 The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the redemption request. The settlement date o f the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end o f the two month exercise period of the Put Option.
13.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.
2. The Issuer represents and warrants that with the exception of any circumstances made public by the Issuer or communicated to each subscriber in accordance with subscription of bonds in Tranche II, no circumstances have occurred including any litigation pending or threatening which would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial situation or ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bond Agreement, and otherwise that no event of default exists.
3. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force.
4. Governing Law Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
5. Commencement The amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence immediately.
4

MORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
^ J2-- -
Bond Trustee
5

