ISINNO 001 0724180
BOND AGREEMENT between Pexip AS (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Pexip AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2019
1

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Nordic Trustee ASA
3 8 9 9 9 9 10 12 13 13 15 16 16 21 22 24 27 29

2

Nordic Trustee ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 13 November 2014 between:
(1) Pexip AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 898 209 962, as issuer (the "Issuer"); and
(2) Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment of the Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day {Modified Following Business Day Convention).

3

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer.

"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means cash and cash equivalents in accordance with GAAP (or IFRS if applicable).

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/ or other arrangement or through the direct and/ or indirect ownership of shares and/ or other ownership interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, and (iii) any other document which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person and designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

a)

moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);

b)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase agreement or the issue of

bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP (or IFRS if applicable), be treated

as a finance or capital lease;

d)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis or where recourse is limited to warranties and indemnities

that are customary in "non-recourse" receivables sales or discounting);

4

Nordic Trustee ASA

e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as

indebtedness under GAAP (or IFRS if applicable);

f)

any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred

payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing

the acquisition of that asset;

g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market value

shall be taken into account);

h)

any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement); or

i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and

(without double counting), any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to

above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP (or IFRS as applicable), such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Financial Support" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 13.4.3.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

"Guarantee" means the unconditional corporate guarantee from the Guarantor securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other of the Finance Documents, to be executed substantially in the form set out in Attachment 2 (Form o f Guarantee and Indemnity) to this Bond Agreement.

"Guarantor" means Pexip Inc., a company existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, with registration number EIN 46-1260436.

"IFRS" means international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.

5

Nordic Trustee ASA
"Interest Payment Date" means 18 February, 18 May, 18 August and 18 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP (or IFRS as applicable).
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 18 November 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Liquidity" means the consolidated book value of the freely available and unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, Pareto Securities AS.
"Margin" means 8.00% per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/ or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 18 November 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
6

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement,

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means the following:

(i)

this Bond Issue;

(ii) any unsecured intra-group loans granted by any Group Company to another Group Company;

(iii) any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part of the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and for non-speculative purposes;

(iv) any Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital leases of equipment or computers incurred by the Issuer in the ordinary course of business;

(v) Subordinated Loans;

(vi) Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed NOK 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time; and

(vii) any refinancing of any Permitted Financial Indebtedness in (ii)-(vi) above.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subordinated Loans" means any loans to any Group Company which are fully subordinated to the Bonds and made on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

7

Nordic Trustee ASA

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.
2.1.2 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
2.2 The Bonds
The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of up to NOK 40,000,000.
The Face Value is NOK 100,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.
The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Pexip AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2019".
The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0724180.
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
2.3 Purpose and utilisation
The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied towards the general corporate purposes of the Group.

8

Nordic Trustee ASA

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on a regulated marketor on Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior todisbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

9

Nordic Trustee ASA

(d) copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(j)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Guarantor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability o f the Finance Documents);

(l)

the Guarantee, duly executed by the Guarantor.

The documents listed in items (b), (c) and (d) above shall also be delivered by the Guarantor.

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

6.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fiilfilled.

6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
(a) Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

10

Nordic Trustee ASA

(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault
(a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instmment which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Authorisations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarisations or registrations required:

(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

11

Nordic Trustee ASA

(g) Litigation
Except as disclosed in the documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (or IFRS if applicable), consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l) Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

8

Status of the Bonds

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds are unsecured, save for the Guarantee.

12

Nordic T rustcc ASA

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in February 2015.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two (2) Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Face

x

Amount

Value

Floating

x

Floating Rate

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in frill on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer, plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds.
10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (in whole but not in part) as follows (Call Option):
(i) from the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 at a price equal to 115.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

13

Nordic Trustee ASA

(ii) from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2016 at a price equal to 112.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(iii) from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2017 at a price equal to 109.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(iv) from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2018 at a price equal to 106.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and

(v) from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2018 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after the actual occurrence and completion of a Change of Control Event.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

14

Nordic Trustee ASA

11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 CwTency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

15

Nordic Trustee ASA

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f latepayment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principaldue but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General
The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document (unless the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders' Meeting (as die case may

16

Nordic Trustee ASA

be) in writing has agreed otherwise), to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.
13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers,

de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond trustee is

entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent

directly); and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets

and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause (c) and (d) of Clause 13.2.1, confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall

17

Nordic Tmstee ASA
describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
13.3 General Covenants
13.3.1 Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
13.3.2 Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company will, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.3 De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company will, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities not being a member of the Group, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.4 Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. Further, the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall ensure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, and/or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.
13.3.5 Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless:
(a) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(b) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Furthermore, the Issuer shall not sell or transfer title to any of its intellectual property rights to any third party, except that it may do so to a wholly owned subsidiary if all the shares in that subsidiary are pledged to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to principal, interest, fees and expenses.
13.3.6 Ann's length transactions
18

Nordic Trustee ASA
The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
13.3.7 Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.
13.3.8 Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Special covenants
13.4.1 Negative pledge The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, create, incur or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets or revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure the following:
(a) the Bond Issue;
(b) any security granted under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part of the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and for non-speculative purposes;
(c) any lien arising by operation of law;
(d) any security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in the ordinary course of trading; and
(e) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of the Issuer.
13.4.2 Financial Indebtedness restrictions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
19

Nordic Trustee ASA

13.4.3 Financial support restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, incur, create or permit to subsist any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Companies, other than:

(i)

in connection with Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and

(ii) in the ordinary course of business.

13.4.4 Dividends and other distributions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make any loans or other distributions or payments to its shareholders (including but not limited to payment of principal or interest on any shareholder loans), or other transactions implying a transfer o f value to its shareholders, whether in cash or in kind, (a "Distribution"), exceeding 50% of Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year.

Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may repurchase shares as part of its employee incentive program for an aggregate consideration of up to NOK 5,000,000 in any financial year, however, always provided that no Event of Default has occurred or is threatened and the Liquidity is no less than NOK 8,000,000 tested pro forma for any repurchase of shares to be made, in which tire pro forma testing shall be made prior to making any such repurchase.

Any un-utilised portion of the permitted Distribution pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.

13.4.5 Insurances
The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that each Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction.

13.4.6 Subsidiaries' borrowings and distributions
The Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligation which is not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.

13.5 Financial covenant

13.5.1 The Issuer shall during the term of the Bond Issue have a Liquidity in excess of NOK 4,000,000.

13.5.2 The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenant at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date, and certified by the Issuer in a

20

Nordic Trustee ASA
compliance certificate to be delivered to the Trustee, with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement on the relevant Reporting Date. The Financial Covenant shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the lifetime of the Bonds.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
21

Nordic Trustee ASA
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
15.1.1 Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
15.1.2 Breach o f other obligations The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 10 Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
15.1.3 Cross default If for any Group Company:
(a) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(b) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(c) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(d) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 2,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
15.1.4 Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in
22

Nordic Trustee ASA

connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.1.5 Insolvency
(a) A Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts; and

(b) the value of the assets of such Group Company is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

15.1.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganisation;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

15.1.7 Creditors' process
.Any Group Company having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in paragraph (c) above.

15.1.8 Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.9 Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

23

Nordic Trustee ASA

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of die Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules fo r Bondholders ' meetings

24

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and-provided the Bonds are listedrepresentatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

25

Nordic Trustee ASA

The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder o f the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

26

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

27

Nordic Trustee ASA

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clauses 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

28

Nordic Trustee ASA

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.4

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer,

18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o fBondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

29

Nordic Trustee ASA

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party

based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including

but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security

Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for

damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless

of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis,

however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual

rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

18.2 Bond Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment o f principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

30

Nordic Trustee ASA

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) The Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

31

Nordic Trustee ASA

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is

32

Nordic Trustee ASA

not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Tmstee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Tmstee retain one each.

33

Nordic Trustee ASA

not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As aresult, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer
By: Position:

Bond Trustee

33

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8794 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

FRN PEXIP AS SENIOR UNSECURED BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN 001 [·]

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5.1 the Liquidity as of [date] is in excess of NOK 4,000,000.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Pexip AS

Name o f authorised person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

34

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 2

FORM OF GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY
This guarantee and indemnity (the "Guarantee") is provided by Pexip Inc. as guarantor (the "Guarantor") pursuant to the bond agreement dated [·] November 2014, and made between Pexip AS as issuer (the "Issuer") and Nordic Trustee ASA as bond trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Trustee") in relation to the FRN Pexip AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2019 (the "Bond Agreement").
All capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Bond Agreement.

1

Guarantee

The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally:
(a) guarantees to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as for their own debt and not merely as surety, the due and punctual performance by the Issuer of all its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(b) undertakes with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that, whenever the Issuer does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Guarantor shall, on the Bond Trustee's written demand (No: selvskyldnergaranti) and in no event any later than five (5) Business Days after the Guarantor's receipt of such demand, pay that amount to the Bond Trustee or as it directs as if it were the principal obligor in respect of that amount; and
(c) agrees with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that if, for any reason, any amount claimed by the Bond Trustee under this Guarantee is not recoverable from the Guarantor, then the Guarantor will be liable as a principal debtor and primary obligor to indemnify the Bond Trustee and each Bondholder for any loss each of them may incur as a result of the Issuer failing to pay any amount expressed to be payable by it under a Finance Document on the date when it ought to have been paid.

2

Waivers

The Guarantor hereby waives:

(a) any requirement that the Bond Trustee or any of the Bondholders in case of an Event of Default first have to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer;

(b) any and all defences or objections from any party in or based on underlying relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever, including, without limitation, any such relationships, agreements or transactions with any third party for security or

35

Nordic Trustee ASA

otherwise, and right to limit the liability under the Guarantee provided hereunder resulting from any failure to give notice of any kind;

(c)

any right to exercise a right of subrogation into the rights of the Bondholders under

the Bond Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee until

such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other

Finance Document;

(d) any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer for payment made hereunder until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document; and

(e)

any requirement that additional Security be provided or maintained.

3

Continuing guarantee

This Guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of all sums payable by the Issuer under the Finance Documents, regardless of (i) any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part or (ii) the Bond Trustee enforcing any other security (if any) granted for the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.

4

Dispute resolution and legal venue

The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that:

(a)

this Guarantee and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Guarantee

between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Guarantor shall be governed by

Norwegian law.

(b) all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Guarantee shall, subject to Clause 4(c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

(c)

Clause 4(b) is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee

shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other

courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take

concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

[date/ place] Pexip Inc.
By: Name:

36

